the european commission has approved a proposal for a directive on special arrangements in buses , coaches and other vehicles , so that people with special needs with mobility problems and people using wheelchairs have access to them . pullman
i should like to mention something which was said on the bbc by someone who is not a football referee like you but who is the coach of the england team . allenatore
when a person other than the sportsman or woman has taken part , such as a club , an association , a federation , a doctor , a coach , etc . , that person should also be subject to a penalty , exactly equal to that given to the sportsman or woman , because we should not forget that the person with the shortest working life will always be the sportsman or woman . allenatore
in our opinion , this constitutes an infringement of the freedom of the manufacturer who must be able to decide , in consultation with the customer , how many axles are required to meet the safety standards and demands in terms of weight , because by no means do all buses and coaches carry the same load ; think of vip coaches , for example . pullman
mr president , i voted for this report , not just because of mr hatzidakis ' remarkable abilities as committee chairman and expert on european union transport regulations , but also because , as the representative of the pensioners ' party in italy , i am pleased to note that , by allowing 15-metre-long buses , which can hold 67 instead of 50 passengers , to travel on european roads , the cost of travelling would and will be reduced for elderly people who travel by coach , not just to come here to strasbourg but also to travel anywhere viaggi
mr president , a rather serious problem arose this morning when the assistants were suddenly prevented from boarding the coach to bring us here from the hotel monopol , despite the fact that this practice has been applied without a hitch for the past 21 years . pulmino
i should like to protest because there would have been five members in the coach and the assistants would have been late for work . pulmino
as you no doubt recall , this proposal for a directive on the construction of buses and coaches gave rise to lengthy and involved debates at first reading . turismo
as well as the institutions , the various parties involved such as bus and coach manufacturers , public transport operators and user groups , including those which represent passengers with reduced mobility , have also arrived at a consensus . granturismo
the bus and coach directive will secure minimum safety standards for the design of buses operating in europe and basic requirements to ensure access for people with reduced mobility , such as the continued manufacture of existing low-floor buses and better facilities for passengers with mobility difficulties , especially wheelchair users and parents with pushchairs . corriere
bearing in mind the vote we had today on the awful miller report and the old bus and coach directive , i hope this was the last time we need concern ourselves with such issues . autobus
when the albanian minority of a town such as that of tetovo sees coach loads of workers , ' ethnic macedonian ' workers , arriving from skopje , the only possible conclusion is that they are being treated differently . pullman
you can imagine that in an era of coaches , tow barges and carrier pigeons , this caused quite a bit of delay . carrozze
the proposed directive , as well as protecting children in cars , will help to reduce the number of deaths and serious injuries resulting from accidents in coaches , minibuses and lorries , by making the use of safety belts compulsory for drivers and passengers when those safety belts are supplied . autocorriere
a coach operator in glasgow is of the view that if the hughes proposals are fully implemented , mainland european coach operators may regard scotland as a destination too far . autobus
it is no longer the locomotive it once was , it is now the last coach in the train . vagone
i should like to stress that , with this directive , the european community will be setting the pace and enabling the industry to compete under common rules to produce safe and more accessible buses and coaches for the benefit of all european public transport users . autobus
the access provisions for buses and coaches as regards boarding by persons with reduced mobility will ensure that a larger proportion of our citizens use public transport . autobus
mr president , mr hatzidakis ' report is on the dimensions of road vehicles , including motor coaches . autocorriere
as you know , pensioners and elderly people , who enjoy a spot of sightseeing and visiting the beautiful cities of europe when they are in good health , often travel by coach . corriere
as i said just now , where they are still able to do so , a great many pensioners travel by bus or coach out of necessity or to go sightseeing . pullman
it is equally true to say that it was one of the first countries to fit speed limiters on coaches , for obvious reasons . autobus
recommendation for second reading ( a5-0235 / 2002 ) by dana scallon , on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , on the proposal for a council decision on the conclusion of the interbus agreement on the international occasional carriage of passengers by coach and bus ( 13262 / 1 / 2001 - com ( 2001 ) 540 - c5-0087 / 2002 - 2001 / 0242 ( avc ) ) autobus
i would like to say to mr turmes that i fully share his consternation at the tragic air crash in luxembourg , as well as the fire on a coach in france , both issues relating to my portfolio , transport . divampato
as for lunnon , well that used to be three days on the fast stage coach , and there are many of us folks who never did get used to they newfangled things like horseless carriages and they motorway things that bring all those foreigners to our neck of the woods . mica
changes to rest requirements and driving times will severely reduce the ability of schools and coach companies to offer trips abroad at an economically viable rate . pullman
so , we encourage people either to enter into honest , durable relationships , or we encourage them to enter into marriages of convenience which would drive a coach and horses through this directive and all of its intentions . lascerebbero
yet lives are still being needlessly lost because those rules do not apply to coach passengers . autobus
but what about international ferry journeys and international coach journeys ? autobus
the next item is the oral question ( o-0049 / 2003 b5-0100 / 2003 ) , put to the commission by mr caveri on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , and concerning the safety of coaches . autobus
in order to extend the obligatory installation of belts to all vehicles , including coaches , the commission has also recently proposed a modification of three directives in force relating to safety belts . autobus
although the action programme does not include any specific measure on the construction of coaches , the commission will carefully study the recommendations of ecbos research project , which is producing a final report . autobus
this project will make proposals aimed at improving the rules in force and will propose new regulations and standards for the construction of safer buses and coaches , in order , for example , to achieve better protection in the event of accidents involving overturning . pullman
furthermore , the commission plans , in the near future , to propose an obligatory system for the approval of vehicles , for coaches and lorries , similar to the one in force for private cars . autobus
to sum all this up , there is a strong common interest in not damaging the buses ' image as a basically very safe means of transport , with buses and coaches accounting for only 0.2 deaths per thousand million passenger-kilometres , compared with 6.8 for private cars and 0.6 for railways . pullman
fourthly , i expect the commission to give priority to the safety of buses and coaches when it submits its proposal on the third action programme on road safety . pullman
buses and coaches - for which i , as a green , have a particular fondness - are among the most environmentally friendly ways of travelling , but they must become even safer than they have been to date . NULL
as shown by the people in the visitors ' galleries , bus and coach travel is on the increase , as people make more journeys with them , and so we have to do more to make it safer . pullman
only if we improve working hours will we have better-rested coach drivers on the roads and be able to do something about exhaustion . autobus
mr president , apart from the accidents in france and hungary , we also had a terrible accident in greece just after easter , in which 21 pupils lost their lives in tembi , between thessaloniki and larissa , while they were on a school trip in a coach . autobus
the spanish voluntary worker ana isabel sánchez torralba has died in equatorial guinea as a consequence of gunshots fired by members of the armed forces at the coach in which she was travelling to aconibe in order to work with misioneras escolapias . autobus
we do not need any coaching on how to manage the funds that europe 's citizens entrusted to us properly . insegnamenti
from then on all seats , and in particular those in coaches , that are in vehicles put into service in the community from july 2004 should be tested in accordance with the directive . montati
the commission cannot support the rapporteur ’ s proposal to allow , despite everything , the installation of side-facing seats in coaches . longitudinale
i must remind you that when the directive of 20 november 2001 was drawn up as regards safety of buses and coaches , this issue had already been the subject of a debate . autobus
on the contrary , it strikes me as utterly illogical that the commission , in its proposal for a directive , seeks simply to ban side-facing seats of this kind only from comfortable coaches , in which only a few of these are to be found , as individual seats forming part of comfortable groups of seats of a type with which few of us will be familiar . longitudinale
we are talking about coaches , perhaps travelling at 90 kilometres per hour on motorways . viaggiano
if the bulk of people have to wear a seatbelt in a coach but those at the back , in a so-called cosy corner , do not have to wear one , it simply does not make sense . salottino
i therefore agree with adopting most of the measures that were proposed and with applying them to minibuses , buses and coaches and to light , medium and heavy-duty vehicles . turismo
furthermore , the data on m3-category coaches which belong to the classes iii or b , do not suggest any specific risk that would justify a total ban . pullman
at a time , however , when the road mortality rate remains high , safety measures for all vehicles must be stepped up – not only for light vehicles ( category m1 ) , but also for minibuses and coaches ( categories m2 and m3 ) and light and heavy trucks ( categories n1 , n2 and n3 ) . pullman
finally , i want to remind the commissioner that we look forward to receiving similar rules for international rail , ferry and coach journeys soon . pullman
therefore , coach and horses are being driven through the rule of law by the government that purports to supply the next commissioner for freedom , security and justice . assiste
it must address the phenomena that help to create an environment that is conducive to the phenomenon of drug use – the educational background of sports coaches , the role of the medical field and the pressure for success coming from sponsors . allenatori
too many athletes and coaches either do not understand this or knowingly take the risk . allenatori
the coach has put his team together in consultation with the management , in the full knowledge that each member of that management was allowed to designate one player . NULL
some players have weaknesses , but all of them have enough experience on the field , have promised fair play and have accepted the authority of the coach and all of them realise that it will be an important match . allenatore
for those who may not be positioned correctly , additional man cover has been provided , and the coach can change people around at any time and , if necessary , send them off the pitch . allenatore
with that coach we have already agreed to play , and we are indeed counting on him to turn this team of twenty-four into a cohesive team and to ensure that it will end up in a higher division than last season . NULL
in numerous european countries , especially over the last five years , another phenomenon has emerged which has led very well-known and historic clubs to bankruptcy but not to spending : ambitious plans , vain hopes , unpaid coaches and players , debts reaching as far as fifa and uefa . allenatori
over recent years the situation in this sector has gone from bad to worse ; we are witnessing social dumping of epic proportions , above all in the case of long-distance lorry drivers , not to mention coach drivers . pullman
i welcome the committee ’ s proposals on bus and coach services , provided that we can differentiate between the leisure industry and the express-coach industry . pullman
this extension primarily concerns coaches . interessa
if we wish to make it mandatory for seat belts to be installed in all seats , then we find ourselves obliged to ban sidefacing seats in coaches , because the types of belts currently available for such seats do not offer passengers optimal protection . lateralmente
in view of the recent tragic events in meath in ireland in which five young people lost their lives in a school bus crash , there is an urgent need , amongst other measures , for quick progress on the fitting of safety belts and child restraints on all coaches , including school buses . this directive should be approved and implemented as quickly as possible . scuolabus
any requests for temporary derogations must be kept to an absolute minimum and should be scrutinised thoroughly by the commission . implementation of this directive should also be linked with full compliance with directive 2003 / 23 / ec which provides for the compulsory wearing of seatbelts on coaches , where fitted , from may 2006 . munite
in relation to his second point , i think this is factually accurate in the sense that bertie vogts has already left the coaching role for the scottish football team , but then i thought it might be not very of me to point that out , given that we have reappointed a scotsman to that role , apparently to no great effect so far ! vogts
for the commission ’ s part , at least , there will be no european standards for hotels , inns or coaches . turistici
finally the striker is alone in the box , he passes the goalkeeper and he is just about to put the ball into the empty goal when suddenly the coach shouts ' stop , turn round and bring the ball back ' ! allenatore
it might mean increased costs , which the service providers would have to pass on to their passengers , a factor that might further hit this industry hard at a time when it is under pressure from low-cost flights and coach travel . viaggi
if robert mugabe is metamorphosed into the coach of the zimbabwean bobsleigh team , he should not be allowed to travel to turin . allenatore
should buses and coaches be the first category to be charged ? categoria
500 million europeans travelled by coach in 2005 , many of them elderly people . viaggiato
it is far too detailed in places , and particularly the options for coach travel spread over several days are too restrictive . viaggi
this is a country that , in spite of the embargo , achieved the highest economic growth in the past 45 years in 2005 , a country that is set to take on the presidency of the non-aligned movement and to host its 2006 summit , and a country that sends thousands of doctors , teachers and sports coaches to other countries , rather than armies to occupy , exploit and oppress . allenatori
a year ago , a group of people who are commonly termed ‘ mad ’ came here to strasbourg from rome in a coach , together with mental health workers and family members . pullman
i agree fully with mr hatzidakis that the stabilisation and association agreement helps us to coach the country towards european standards as regards electoral reform . avvicinare
i am sure that together we can achieve positive results in terms of coaching albania towards its european future . preparare
turning to safety and the fitting of seat belts , we would emphasize especially the importance of fitting threepoint seat belts on coaches and buses , as well as roll-over bars on coaches and mini-buses . pullman
i hope the house will join me in agreeing that britain is leading the way in europe , not least in ensuring a level playing field with the removal of state aids but also the fitting of seat belts in coaches and mini-buses and safety at sea . pullman
i welcome the inclusion of seat-belts because this is a very necessary safety measure for buses and coaches within the european union . pullman
a special coaching model would be highly desirable , in other words advice provided over a lengthy period by a consultant for particularly innovative self-starters , be they men or women . allenamento
mr president , once you hear what i have to say , i am sure you will agree that i am right to draw your attention to a serious coach crash which occurred yesterday . corriera
i would also like to take this opportunity to ask the commission when we can expect to see the measures it announced to improve coach transport safety , which is an extremely urgent matter , as the events of yesterday sadly demonstrated once again . pullman
for the first time a coach travelling between london and lisbon will be permitted to pick up and put down passengers in france or spain . autobus
that is good news for travellers and for coach companies . viaggiatori
coaches in future will be able to offer a better , a more competitive service , and will no longer have to travel half-full or empty , adding to the expense of operators and environmental pollution . NULL
obviously both proposals are designed to facilitate coach and bus transport , both national and international and are therefore fully consistent with the approach set out in the green paper . NULL
amendment no 5 detracts from our goal of promoting coach and bus transport . autobus
in this parliament , whether we are dealing with the buses and coaches directive , the lift directive or all the issues concerned with the information society , we have to fight and fight to get the commission to consider disabled people 's interest and to consult with disabled people at the outset of legislation . autobus
therefore , we have to keep a sense of pragmatism alongside the vision , and be aware that what we are doing is like the work of a good football coach : it will not be judged on the basis of carefully thought-out and theoretically irreproachable game plans , but purely and simply on results . allenatore
regulations on driving time and rest periods are important , because of the number of serious coach and lorry accidents caused by driver fatigue . pullman
as i have tried to stress , the overriding issue is safety , and not only the safety of the drivers of the lorries and coaches but of the people carried in those coaches and of all other road users . pullman
mr president , on behalf of everyone concerned about the unacceptably high level of coach and lorry accidents throughout europe , i welcome the report by the commission and , indeed , the work of the rapporteur . coinvolgono
obviously there is some inconsistency here : the commission quite rightly is planning to tackle the appalling toll of road accidents across our continent - 50 , 000 lives are lost each year - and yet at the same time the powers we already have to prevent accidents involving coaches , lorries and buses are clearly not being enforced throughout the european union . pullman
one of the conditions for this is a good training system for pe teachers and sports coaches . fisica
allow me , as a scholar of sport and a former austrian national coach , to make my observations on european sport from a quite specific perspective . allenatore
madam president , parliament cannot be entirely satisfied with the way in which the council has chosen to act in the field of international carriage of passengers by coach and bus . autobus
our group , as we stated at first reading , welcome the commission proposals which we believe will bring about further liberalization in this sector , in particular simplifying the rules applying to international passenger coach and bus services . viaggiatori
last , but not least , as noted by the rapporteur himself , the creation of a uniform , simplified control document , a community coach licence , will avoid the present confusing situation whereby old documents are amended by hand . autobus
the objective of this proposal , as the rapporteur has stated , is to lay down harmonized conditions under which nonresident carriers may operate national coach and bus services within a member state . autobus
taken together with the other measures that i have mentioned the abolition of frontier controls means that we will now see cabotage systems extended to all transport services by bus or coach operators , including regular services . autobus
in particular , taken together , they will , in my view , offer new opportunities for bus and coach service operators which will in turn generate much needed new jobs in the transport industry . genereranno
in conclusion , the socialist group is pleased to support these measures because they will create a new fast-track system , where bus and coach services can be operated for the good of the bus companies themselves , the passengers , the economy and the environment . viaggiatori
the benefits of the proposals before us this evening for coach operators are both tangible and positive . tappeto
international coach operators would be able to benefit , at no additional cost , by filling the empty seats on existing services . beneficieranno
as the commissioner will be aware , my colleague , mr titley , only on monday raised the issue of the tragic loss of life involved in the coach crash in the french alps in which three young people from his constituency were killed on a coach hired locally in france , without seatbelts . noleggiato
i know mr titley has already paid tribute to the endeavours of commissioner kinnock to ensure coaches are as safe as they possibly can be . autobus
clearly , i do not wish to put the commissioner on the spot this evening but i am sure we would all welcome this opportunity , sad though it is , to review whether or not there is anything more we can do to ensure safer coaches throughout the european union and learn from this tragedy to ensure that it does not happen again . autobus
what i was able to tell mr titley is that we have already achieved the legislation necessary to ensure the universal installation of seatbelts in new coaches and , indeed , in all coaches manufactured towards the end of this decade , throughout the european union . autobus
we are also proceeding with legislation that will provide much greater security against injury caused in the course of roll-over of coaches . autobus
it is a particular tragedy in this case that a school that fastidiously had only used coaches fitted with seatbelts , because of the break-down of a bus , had to resort to a different vehicle . autobus
we will constantly review the whole issue in the hope of gaining faster and more widespread implementation of changes to improve the security of coaches and buses that any civilized person in parliament , the commission or indeed , anywhere else would want . autobus
yesterday evening a group of visitors was attacked when they were getting off the coach in molsheim . corriera
that is important to us but here we are this evening , as a parliament , talking about ship-building and buses and coaches which are very relevant to the citizens of europe . autobus
why not have a complete market in buses and coaches ? autobus
included in that we ought to start a study into class iii vehicles , coaches and class a vehicles and minibuses . autobus
all of these will make all of our travel , on coach or bus safer and more risk free . viaggi
tonight we face our next test in addressing the buses and coaches directive and addressing too an issue which is most campaigned about amongst europe 's 35 million disabled people - the right to accessible public transport . autobus
i support simon murphy 's amendment to extend the provision from class 1 to class 2 buses so that double-decker buses and tourist coaches also enable disability access . pullman
if he has a couple of hours to spare he could come with me to birmingham , which has the busiest route for buses and coaches anywhere in europe , and join me on the only two low floor double-decker buses actually in operation in europe which would meet these standards and more . autobus
the reason why they do not want this on the floor today is because they voted against the amendments to help the disabled in the design of buses and coaches . autobus
that is not only a problem to me conceptually , but it drives a coach and horses through the whole idea of a quota system that is there to be respected . concettuale
a coach party came to visit parliament in strasbourg . pullman
what we in the pse , the liberals and the greens are proposing makes a great deal of sense and will not cause the kind of heartache that was caused on that coach trip on that particular day . gita
the etuc certainly does not require any coaching or particular support in its work . lezioni
buses and coaches are important products of the automotive industry and we need to have certain acceptable standards so that they can freely move around the single market place . corriere
i accept it as a radical challenge , something which the commission may not have dealt with before , but i believe that if the commission is willing to take this new approach on board then we will get closer to completing that single market , we will respect national and regional variations where buses and coaches are concerned , and the sort of story i started off with this evening , of a young mother not being able to get on a vehicle in my home town may never happen again . corriere
the commission did indeed approve the merger between iveco and renault , but only for the three main categories of buses : tourist coaches , buses for use in towns and urban environments and buses used for public transport in general . pullman
i have to say that as far as tourist coaches are concerned , the competition is extremely strong , while for the other categories of buses the market is currently opening up , because it was traditionally nationally based , as you know . autobus
i certainly congratulate the commissioner and endorse what he says about relationships with disability organisations as , for example , the work that his officials are involved with on the bus and coach directive . autobus
in the field of bus and coach transport , which is a welcome form of transport for environmental reasons , we need europe-wide rules to guarantee that overtired drivers do not put passengers and others involved at risk . corriera
amendments nos 10 and 12 offer an alternative to the positioning of combustion heaters in the passenger compartment of coaches and minibuses . autobus
that is that coach and bus drivers are effectively being categorised as road hauliers though they carry out very different tasks , requiring very different working hours . autobus
indeed , in the united kingdom , only 2.2 % of fatal road accidents involve buses or coaches . corriere
it seems to me that the extra costs that these proposals will put on small businesses - in particular small coach companies - will lead to reduction of investment in safer and newer vehicles , which will hit the industry and perhaps undermine passenger safety . autocorriere
people rely on buses and coaches and the extra costs and lack of flexibility in using existing staff which these proposals would bring will have a knock-on effect which will lead to cutbacks in services . NULL
madam president , first and foremost , i should like to quote a great dutch philosopher , michels , a famous football coach who once said that football is war . allenatore
in football , a good team with a bad coach would never reach the top of the league . allenatore
it is preposterous , therefore , for mr jospin to endeavour to drive a coach and horses through the european directive and the british date-based export scheme by introducing his own conditions . buttare
