we see it as a very positive sign that , in her own conclusions , the rapporteur has taken account of our committee ' s proposal that the cohesion fund countries should broaden the research infrastructure by locating universities and colleges in such a way that they would serve those who live in undeveloped regions better than now and make it easier for educated people to remain in their home districts . laureati
this will be possible with action on the part of governments , and such decentralisation of higher education will be an unquestionably useful policy in evening out development . istruzione
we are also doing a number of other things : in the european union-china human rights dialogue , we have focused on a number of practical steps , including sending experts on assignment to tibet , planning development assistance programmes and activities focusing on health , education and training for tibetans . istruzione
that is dealt with either under special programmes in education , for young people , for women and for exchanges or must be a matter for national policy . istruzione
as for the important educational task which the european union must carry out as regards culture , one of the programme ' s most obvious limitations is the level of funding - we have heard this several times - which censures the fact that the council at least - certainly not the commissioner - is not completely aware of the importance of cultural action : the document which prioritises the economic factor over social integration also bears witness to this . NULL
youth , education and cultural policies are important tools for creating these values , for giving the citizens confidence in the european union and making it credible in their eyes . istruzione
i should like to express especial thanks to the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , particularly to its rapporteur , mr graça moura , its chairman , mr gargani , the european parliament delegation and the leaders of the political groups , the conciliation committee and its chairman , mr imbeni . istruzione
we know that we can change this situation , in which women are underrepresented in the science sector , only by means of a policy of educational guidance which will systematically encourage a greater range of career choices for girls and , when they have obtained their degrees , by means of positive measures at the professional level . scolastico
the ingredients of this policy are well known . they are the stimulation of public and private investment , increased investment in research , education and training and the promotion of the spirit of enterprise . istruzione
i am talking about the introduction of cultural mainstreaming in all policy areas , about consolidating and improving the european dimension of training and education syllabuses and about networking training and education policies in europe especially lifelong learning . istruzione
the promotion of scientific development and new technologies and access for all to these technologies will not be provided by the market or competition . the latter will also not ensure the social proximity and effectiveness of the main community services of health , education , transport , communications , water and whatever else . istruzione
interreg serves principally to fund community schemes to develop smes , education and training , cultural exchanges , action to combat health problems , the protection and improvement of the environment , energy , transport and telecommunications networks . formazione
mr haider has actually been in government in the southern province of carinthia where he has led a racist and xenophobic campaign against the slovene-speaking minority in that region who are austrian citizens , where he has attempted to abolish dual language education and where there has been clear discrimination against the roma and immigrant communities . scolastico
no human rights for the enemies of human rights is what the acolytes of the new world order are saying today , the new world order which reigns almost unchallenged in financial circles , in international institutions , in the media and cultural networks , and in educational institutions , to mention but a few . educative
i would repeat what mr patten said : we must engage , we must inform , educate and thereby effect real and lasting change . istruire
how do you think that public confidence in ourselves as politicians would be affected if a situation were to arise in which we obtained the right to use services where we live - education , health care etc - but , at the same time , did not pay any tax and did not contribute ? scuola
an example here could be the field of education , which will deserve and need special support in the acp states in future . istruzione
for instance , the very rapidly growing educational and technological potential of the internet offers entirely new means of helping the developing countries , which at present still have modest resources , to move towards a global approach , as opposed to globalisation . formazione
even if it were properly redirected this aid would not be enough to finance the most basic infrastructure for health care , education or drinking water supply . istruzione
with regard to the problems afflicting macedonia , higher education for the albanian-speaking citizens deserves our special attention . istruzione
accessible higher education , with which you have a certain affinity , is an important instrument in the emancipation of population groups . i am speaking from personal experience as someone who attended the protestant university in amsterdam . istruzione
such an affinity and this type of higher education is also important in the development of the constitutional state and for the aptly termed mainstream society which needs to be strengthened in countries like this . istruzione
a child , a student or a pupil who smokes hashish in one country is dealt with in an educational way , while in another country he is treated as a criminal and locked up in the universities of crime constituted by the corrective system and the prisons . pedagogico
in some countries children had a better chance of basic education and health care twenty years ago than they have today . istruzione
we must insist today as a matter of urgency on the right to education and the duty to remember , to recall the dates in history when our countries teetered on the brink of horror . educazione
we need to educate our children on these matters and finally have the courage to recognise that we will need to be prepared to accept many more immigrants in years to come . educare
we have entered a new period in which there is a fairly full institutional framework and in which women are well represented in all sectors , education , work , culture . istruzione
if member states do not do anything about this , there will be even fewer means for care , education and other important public amenities in the future . istruzione
the importance of public investment for sustained economic growth based on economic recovery , by stimulating internal demand and concentrating public investment in areas which would have a positive effect on the economy in general , such as building and maintaining infrastructures , urban renewal , vocational training , education and health ; istruzione
this will depend on us , on whether we are able to boost the economic growth of the european system sufficiently , on the extent to which we are able to generate employment , on the level of education of our citizens and on the training we give our workers . istruzione
human resources mean education , training and reform of the welfare state in order to deal , in particular , with the problem of an ageing society . istruzione
a basis for all this is created through education and training , and research , however . formazione
as the importance of education is being stressed we have to make our youth aware of that early on in their development . formazione
the new paradigm must also necessarily be people-based , reflecting the concept of lifelong learning , investing in adaptability through education and training and investing in self-development and individual opportunity . istruzione
if this is the social democrats ' policy for the economy of the future , then i would like to remind you that one of the most serious problems of the internet economy and europe ' s lagging behind is the lack of entrepreneurial spirit in the education system , in the behaviour of governments and in the way the institutions function . istruzione
rather than ' importing ' them from third countries , it is better to invest accordingly in vocational training and further education , to invest in human capital . formazione
to an increasingly aged or ageing population , to a population which , despite everything , is still poor , and to a population which is becoming , alas , less and less well educated . istruita
of course , today ' s europe has organised institutional procedures for developing these policies , to create an economy , and above all a society , based on innovation and knowledge , by means of a european policy on the information and knowledge-based society , the construction of an educational society on a european scale and the development of a european area of science and technology open to the world . educativa
one is that by 2002 , all of europe ' s schools and training centres should be connected to the internet and that they should at the same time have appropriately trained staff to provide the training which young people leaving secondary education need . i also would also like to see everyone receiving professional training , whether they are unemployed or not , to be able to gain a kind of " driving licence " for the information society , which will enable them to operate computers and navigate the internet . scuola
here too , education and training measures need to be supported in order , in the end , to help people to help themselves . NULL
the commission must support educational and training programmes , to ensure that business structures take account of the opportunities which can be secured from the internet and e-commerce in general . istruzione
it is possible if we invest to a greater extent in what mr guterres yesterday called ' human capital ' , i.e. basic education plus , most importantly , lifelong training . istruzione
what we should be doing is educating our own intelligent young people and keeping them in europe . tenerli
again , we need a programme of education that matches the best practice across the whole of europe . istruzione
we cannot develop a whole series of initiatives based on , for instance , small businesses or health on-line or whatever without educating people to be literate in those technologies . alfabetizzazione
this means perhaps looking again at all our educational programmes to see that they match the programmes we are particularly enthusiastic about . scolastici
i hope that we will evaluate the work that was done in the previous programmes to ensure that these are not just another new layer but are actually a new beginning for the programmes that can present us with an educated european citizenry . istruzione
for example , if a particular country has the right to free education , then any general reference to the right to education in a european union charter could be the first step towards subverting that right . istruzione
above all , we must , through education , instil a passion for peace amongst our citizens . educazione
we have failed to educate against the glorification of combat in our own communities . diffondere
we have failed to educate against the problems and the scourge of racism and xenophobia . diffondere
but that cannot be the end of the story and there are measures proposed in the field of education , media and politics , and justice in policing , immigration and asylum policy , which would be aimed to back up the implementation of legislation . istruzione
the third area which i understand creates some problems for the epp-ed group is the belief that this report breaches subsidiarity by mentioning matters like education and policing . istruzione
we must show leadership as must the media , educational institutions and the churches ; they have not shown such leadership in the past . scolastici
churches , trade unions , women ' s organisations , occupational training courses and other educational institutions , in particular , play a decisive role in this . istruzione
for example , some states do not respect the basic right to education and the use of one ' s own language . istruzione
in the basque country , where , despite the problems we face , we can choose the language of our children ' s education , the spanish supreme court has declared that it is illegal for local authorities to join together to promote the development of the language , in a clear example of how legal interpretations can be forced through as a result of political intentions and of how not all rights are respected here and now in the european union . educare
of course , the education sector is also important and we need huge improvements in education for the children of immigrants and gypsies . scuola
xenophobia and racism should be combated by means of education and integration in the workplace and in society , and by paying attention to the issues of housing , health and social services , but let us not use blithe rhetoric when it comes to an issue which above all requires rigour and seriousness . istruzione
the nationals of non-eu states who live in the union must be treated on an equal footing with the citizens of the member states with regard to access to education , health and social protection . educazione
we must help them find jobs and we must do a great deal of educational work so that what happened recently , the literal immuration and separation of the roma and sinti from the rest of the inhabitants in the community , is never repeated . etnie
the educational and social concerns set out in the report are , no doubt , laudable ones , but in the end they will have little impact given the immediate repercussions that the extension of this tool will have for the people of europe . NULL
consequently , there will have to be more focus on the training of teaching staff in european educational and training programmes . educativo
but is it enough to set out a list of objectives , where the development of small enterprises is put on the same footing as the development of the public services , where electronic commerce vies with university education ? formazione
one such example is , of course , the area of education . formazione
we live at a time when education is becoming ever more important as a factor in production . produzione
that is why the proposal in this report , according to which resources for education and learning would be made available , is so important . istruzione
the cost of internet access , the sidelining of entire sectors of society ( the young unemployed , housewives , the elderly ) and the shortcomings in education and vocational training are serious obstacles to an information society meant to benefit everyone . istruzione
then there is the democratic deficit - which has been greater , admittedly - but it is important to combat the division between those who have access to the internet , the new technologies and the benefits of the information society , and those deprived of them either for economic reasons , or because of insufficient technological information and education . formazione
our first concern must be to prioritise our commitment to the educational system and in the carrier and telecommunications structures which make access to the internet cheaper , faster and more powerful . istruzione
the reason why the traditional family is entitled to this state protection is because it provides a service without price : the renewal of the generations , the perpetuation of society , the education of children and the transmission of values . istruzione
we think it is important to combat racism and xenophobia by guaranteeing citizens the rights to education , access to the labour market etc . istruzione
this requires a careful mixture , firstly of education , and only when absolutely necessary , of legislation . istruzione
they must be adequately looked after , and , in particular , given access to medical care , social entitlements , and education for children . istruzione
in other words , mr haarder , you would like us to move directly to the proposal to replace item iv ' world forum on education ' with an item on ' iraq ' , which you tabled in case your first proposal was not adopted . istruzione
i wish to offer my thanks , as rapporteur , to all those who have been concerned , not only on my own committee - the committee on citizen 's freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs - but also on the committee on legal affairs and the internal market and on the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport as well . istruzione
thousands of children all over the world suffer serious and systematic violations of their fundamental rights , from domestic cruelty , which goes undetected and unpunished , and the economic exploitation of their labour , which robs them of their childhood and education , to their use in war ; from being forced to play the horrific role of child-soldier to their use in prostitution or pornography . istruzione
in the last part-session , here in strasbourg , we discussed what needs to be done about the internet . the european union ' s desire is to make more rapid progress in terms of e-commerce and to make a firmer commitment to the new technologies and to education . istruzione
respect for human dignity , as the council decision rightly claims , first involves the uncompromising affirmation of the destructive nature of these abuses and also involves appropriate policies which , in europe and in third countries , enable families to accommodate , educate and protect their children , and enable children to regain their essential points of reference , which are goodness , truth and beauty . educare
however , i share the view of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport that we should have fixed the age limit at 18 and i hope that the initiatives will lead to the highest possible age limit being set in all member states . istruzione
secondly , improving reception conditions should also include providing access to health care for all , the provision of education for children , and also training . scolarizzazione
already made rootless by virtue of their exile , families must be able to benefit from education for their children and training programmes for young people in order to regain some stability , to promote their social and economic integration , and to encourage their possible return to their own country . scolarizzazione
it has also been agreed that in these sectors , clear objectives will be formulated and that , in these objectives , basic health care and primary education will be considerably reinforced as components of social development . istruzione
just yesterday , president prodi presented the commission ' s programme in this area to the council and also to the various council formations , and it is therefore crucial that we bear in mind the diversity of platforms on which the strategy laid down in lisbon was developed , with its implications for the fields of scientific research , education , the single market , industry and so forth . istruzione
the education council will assume responsibility for considering the future objectives of our educational systems , with a view to contributing to the luxembourg and cardiff processes by establishing new basic skills at european union level , for creating a european diploma for basic it skills , for removing obstacles to the mobility of teachers , for developing a european format for curricula vitae , for monitoring national policies on implementing these objectives , for access to the internet in schools by 2001 and for the minimum training , by 2002 , of the network of information technology teachers . NULL
the only truly disputed points were the time frames for the liberalisation of the energy and transport markets , public services , the tax package and the competences of regional authorities in education and training . istruzione
research , education and lifelong learning all received a boost . istruzione
in developing employment policy and combating social exclusion , it is only right to invest not only in economic growth but also in education and training as a way of giving those who are excluded from society a foothold in the labour market and enabling them to help themselves . formazione
give people the freedom to use the internet to their advantage , to their benefit , for social reasons , for educational reasons , for the disabled - all the benefits the internet can give us . istruzione
the right model for successfully meeting the challenges of globalisation is competition for the most successful economic , employment , research , education and social policies , not european dumbing down . istruzione
it makes no sense to unify education policy at european level if we still have countless problems with arrangements for recognising diplomas . formazione
other important issues such as education , aids and the environment were addressed under the theme of development , with the understanding that these are essential elements of the challenge of sustainable development in africa and of eradicating poverty . insegnamento
i know debt relief was at the top of the african agenda and everything must be done to alleviate poverty , but we must have some evidence that funds saved go towards better health care , better education and an improved standard of living for people and not into arms and war materials . istruzione
the main thrust of our aim therefore must be better education leading to better health care . istruzione
the cairo summit will be followed up by another forum in dakar on basic education . istruzione
the need for basic education is the single most important cause of global poverty . istruzione
therefore , we need to ensure that girls in particular have equal access at least to educational advantage . istruzione
we can see that education will deliver , it will stimulate the economy , it will offer opportunities to control population and increase health awareness . istruzione
the eu should put its political will behind universal primary education by the year 2015 . istruzione
julius nyrere , one of africa ' s most famous teachers , in those post-independence , optimistic days , said education is not a way of escaping poverty , it is a way of fighting it . istruzione
i urge the commission and the council to make the link between poverty eradication and basic education . istruzione
at the same time , africa needs sound budget management combined with effective social policy , good education policy and sound health care . istruzione
wealthy europe must grant generous aid to africa in support of democratic institutions , primary education and health care and must substantially lighten the debt burden . istruzione
if 45 million children in africa have never seen a schoolroom before and if we managed to double the education budget next year - not the budget as a whole but if we simply shifted some figures around - then this would be a welcome bonus . istruzione
they have no water , sanitation , energy , medicine , education or reliable shelter . istruzione
mrs kinnock mentioned the forthcoming meeting in dakar on basic education . istruzione
as part of our preparations for that meeting i have gone through the bulk of what we are doing on primary education in africa and i am happy to say that i am in a position to express something positive about what i have seen in the commission . istruzione
we are doing much more than i had expected and i would be happy to inform parliament about the portfolio of primary education activities in which we are involved in africa . istruzione
the council is therefore to be applauded for acknowledging the importance of promoting social inclusion , for emphasising the role of education and training for living and working in the knowledge society ; for highlighting the need for more and better jobs ; and for stating that social protection must underpin the transformation of the knowledge economy . istruzione
besides , the presidency ' s conclusions boldly state that the aim is ' improved employability ' and both the information society and education are dragged along in chains to serve that rationale as tools to support part-time work , tele-employment and piecework employment . istruzione
you will find them in front of you , unsubdued , uncompromising and unyielding , fighting for and demanding full and steady employment and a system of social policy that includes insurance , health , pensions , protection for the unemployed , real equality of opportunity , quality education and substantive professional training . scuole
the proceeds from this sector could create a huge amount of impetus and , above all , boost the portuguese programme accordingly , if , for example , we were to make the proceeds from the licences that are sold by auction available for research and development , education , training and further education , or for infrastructure . istruzione
this is very commendable indeed but , rather than just creating a frame , it is more important to give substance to education . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0099 / 2000 ) by mr graça moura , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision : european year of languages 2001 [ com ( 1999 ) 485 - c5-0278 / 1999 - 1999 / 0208 ( cod ) ] istruzione
i believe that revival of the teaching of latin and classical greek in middle education will also provide a cultural shield for the younger generations against the onslaught of the generally levelling effect of the american cultural message , so that only its positive elements are preserved . istruzione
but the fact that we are still here so early in the morning is a tribute to the rapporteur ' s work on this programme and , indeed , that of the commissioner and the portuguese presidency - which has shown itself to be committed to youth , to the voluntary service and to education in its broadest sense . istruzione
it is disappointing that zimbabwe feels the need to be involved in the war in the democratic republic of congo at a time when precious resources could be spent on domestic requirements , such as education and health . istruzione
world education forum istruzione
on the world education forum . istruzione
one of the main problems with providing education in many countries is the catastrophic effect aids is having on the lives not just of children , many of whom are orphans because they have lost one or both parents . istruzione
future plans for education programmes and commitments on the part of the donors to the developing world will have to take this into consideration . per
unfortunately , only 2 % of the aid we send to these developing countries is actually being spent on education . istruzione
mr president , for about ten years i have been involved with campaigns to promote education throughout the world . istruzione
a hundred and twenty-five million children , mainly girls , do not receive any education . femmine
according to commissioner nielson , we spend 5 % on education as a whole and an estimated 80 % of that on primary education . istruzione
mr president , it is incredibly sad and , in fact , humiliating for us all that , in the year 2000 , there are still children who do not receive any basic education or schooling at all and that there are still adults - almost a billion of them - who cannot read or write and who are thus also prevented from participating in the political and democratic life of their society . istruzione
unfortunately , it is also those countries which most need educated people to participate in the democratic development of civil society which lack resources for education . queste
as has been mentioned , the world ' s governments agreed in 1990 that steps should be taken to ensure that everyone received a basic education by no later than the year 2000 . istruzione
we cannot accept a situation in which the deadline by which everyone is to receive a basic education is moved forward once again . posticipato
so it is time to prioritise prevention and by creating a different family framework finally make it possible to avoid pointless social and individual suffering and implement a real policy of inclusion , socialisation and education from birth . istruzione
the importance of the early years and education must be recognised in order to provide young people with forms of self-expression other than rebellion due to deprivation in childhood . istruzione
duties follow awareness and awareness awakens with education . istruzione
in fact it is our duty to launch an extensive review of the education of children on our planet if we want a better future for all . istruzione
in line with these international commitments , community investments in education have primarily targeted basic education and primary education , especially in the context of cooperation with the acp countries . istruzione
thus , a majority of the education programmes financed under the 8th edf have been devoted to primary education . istruzione
the funds allocated to this heading represent 80 % of the total amount devoted to education . istruzione
the commission has incorporated the recommendations of the jomtien conference on basic education into its policy and , in the framework of indicative national programmes , 35 acp countries out of 71 have made education a priority . istruzione
however , i have to specify that , while a balanced approach means prioritising basic education , as has been said , other levels of the educational system must not be neglected as a consequence . istruzione
we agree that the effectiveness of our approach on education requires very close coordination between the community and the member states as well as with the other backers . istruzione
although the initial phase of this programme has been positive , its scope is very limited , as it relates to just one facet of the youth policy that we need , which should actually tackle the various issues affecting young people - such as education , employment , housing , health and culture - across the board . istruzione
the references to ways of solving the problems of discrimination and to the age range for participation in the programme - 15-25 , although there are some exceptions - are also inadequate , given that the average age for completing higher education is very close to the upper limit , which should be raised to 30 years . 25
the undersigned members of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left agree entirely with the point of view of both the commission and the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport that language is a rather crucial component of human communication , whether it be the spoken or written language , sign language or body language . cultura
there is extra money for education in the field of the internet , the electronic superhighway and there is more attention paid to the environment and much attention to safe living and to social conditions and within this we should not neglect a sound policy on the proper use of food and undoubtedly on milk as well . istruzione
if we delay or fail to pass this report in plenary as soon as possible , all further assistance , food supply , housing , shelter , water , sanitation and education , to the most vulnerable people in the world , will be severely affected as there will be no legal base in the european union to support them and to fund them . istruzione
in that context particular importance is attached to clearing the land of mines , a point which my honourable friend referred to , rebuilding farming systems , supporting secure livelihoods and embracing key health and education challenges . educativo
for example , the disparities in income between the population groups are still shocking and deprived areas in terms of housing , education and health care have not caught up by a long way . istruzione
only by rapidly improving living standards , particularly in health , education and employment , will stability remain . istruzione
the tse proposal being put forward includes , among other things , a requirement for educational programmes for farmers , vets and officials ; the removal of a list of specified risk material , an active surveillance programme using rapid post-mortem tests ; and the strengthening of the ban on the feeding of mammalian protein to ruminant animals . istruzione
it is difficult within member states and it is difficult between one member state and another , due not only to historical and cultural incompatibilities in terms of education , but also to a series of other aspects related to this type of situation . formazione
however , it is clear that accidents in the workplace - which i am now talking about - are a problem of education and mutual responsibility on the part of businessmen , the state , public administration and , of course , trade unions . istruzione
therefore , commissioner , firstly , what active policies and which economic sectors do you intend to bring into play in order to achieve better education in this particular area , so that a sense of responsibility may be developed ? educazione
secondly and very specifically : is there any programme to educate immigrants in the language of their host country , so that we can educate them to understand the minimum safety standards in this region which is host to many immigrants who do not speak our language ? istruire
consequently , both the funding of these immigrant education programmes and the active policies are decisions which logically depend on which social policy the spanish government accepts or decides on . istruzione
not only does that undermine their economic development , not only does that significantly reduce their ability to provide basic social services , such as health or education , but it creates a sort of slavery which benefits western societies . istruzione
we must therefore be in a position to monitor the effect of debt relief and make sure that all of it is spent on civil society to give better health , education and employment prospects to the people who are being denied it . istruzione
there is hardly any money left for education , health care or for building well-functioning government machinery . istruzione
the countries concerned should not be at war or participate in wars , and an agreed proportion of the budget must really be spent on social schemes for the poorest citizens , and must be invested in education , health care and social security . istruzione
secondly , the funds made available through the cancellation of debt must be used for human development funds , particularly for investment in health and education . istruzione
with respect to development cooperation , the commission is maintaining its european development fund poverty alleviation aid directed through the social sectors of health , education and rural development and , in particular , to combat the hiv / aids epidemic . istruzione
for example , funds to help them with training , education , adaptation of premises or the use of new technology . istruzione
the second proposal for a directive prohibits discrimination on the grounds of racial or ethnic origin in the areas of employment , education , access to goods and services and in the area of social protection . istruzione
furthermore , we ask that , as soon as possible , flat rates be established for access to the internet , to the network of networks , and we even argue that they should be free , since they should be offered , like health and education , as an essential public service to the citizens . istruzione
the monitoring of the application of the beijing action platform reveals that the greatest concerns , in relation to the proposed objectives , are still education and training , power and decision making , health , poverty and violence . istruzione
education and training are , of course , the means for women to become members of full standing in society . strumento
this does not , of course , mean that we underestimate the progress achieved and the european union ' s contribution to the dynamic presence of women in all professional and scientific circles , the performance of women at all levels of education and their successes wherever equal opportunity policies and the principle of meritocracy are applied . istruzione
we therefore need here to highlight the new objective of education , lifelong learning , retraining and special programmes to ensure that women participate in the new information society and , hence , in the labour market . istruzione
on the other hand , there are those who have the necessary education and are therefore guaranteed a future . conoscenze
it is therefore vital to establish a system of information and preventive education for both young people in the countries concerned and also clients who are often what we would call ' family men ' . formazione
we must now help these people whose bodies are being exploited for commercial purposes , both in our countries and in their countries of origin , by increasing aid for development , education and cooperation between countries . istruzione
with regard to the promotion of equal opportunities in the context of policies on cooperation with development , i would like to point out that , in my view , efforts in this area should concentrate especially on guaranteeing girls ' access to primary education , which means at the same time ensuring that it is free . istruzione
this is why we are very much in favour of extending the directive to groups of people who are discriminated against and also to areas such as housing , education , public service operations and attitudes within the police force . formazione
if everyone has to fight for a job , a place in education or house , a battle of interests will ensue . formazione
the fact that in the recently formed new states of eastern europe , the language of workers and farmers has become the language of the state and education , forms part of the necessary democratisation process but should not go hand in hand with discriminating against , and even driving out , minorities living within the particular state ' s territory . insegnamento
it is particularly through educating young people as well as adults that these people will be able to create their own means of subsistence in their respective regions . educazione
their growth market lies with young people , women and people with little education , those on low incomes and with few prospects in life . istruzione
if we believe that we can and must teach someone something , we must do so firstly - and this has been said here - through education and increasing awareness and not through an imposition which has dubious results as an instrument for reducing the consumption of tobacco . formazione
he and many other contributors to this debate have reflected on how both parliament and the commission have been able to look at what has happened in the past and try and guess - educated guesses - about what may happen in the future . riflettuto
social exclusion is a particularly complicated problem which cannot be addressed through education , health or social security policy or through employment strategies . istruzione
we have achieved huge growth in employment and economic terms ; we have looked at new innovative ways of creating jobs , of educating people and so on and yet still 20 % of our population in europe are lagging way behind and do not have the opportunity of benefiting from that growing economy or of having any quality of life . istruire
one important area is that of educational initiatives , and it is perhaps especially important to prepare for the enlargement of the union towards the east . formazione
i have in mind a voluntary agreement , according to which 30 % or 50 % of the funds would be used for research , training and further education , and for new infrastructure . formazione
does the commission consider that the connect objectives and activities are sufficiently well incorporated into the new education and culture programmes ? istruzione
subject : future of the connect initiative ( education , culture and new technologies ) the connect initiative was launched in 1999 , at the european parliament ' s instigation . istruzione
i shall conclude by saying that the solution to the problem of alcoholism in scandinavia does not involve derogations to cater for the monopoly , but rather by reducing excise duties , particularly on wine and beer , by abolishing monopolies , and by means of an information and education policy which favours the moderate consumption of wine and beer , to make it beneficial to health and quality of life . educazione
then you say that education helps . sostenete
i happen to come from a region where such education has been provided . provenga
to quote grundtvig , doyen of the public education movement in denmark , there must be ' freedom for loki as well as for thor ' . istruzione
in all events , demands for an unequivocal declaration on the un charter , defence of the abm treaty , respect for the policy of neutrality of certain eu member states or an increase in funds for peace education and peace studies failed to muster a majority in committee . educazione
proposal for a council decision modifying decision 1999 / 311 / ec of 29 april 1999 adopting the third phase of the trans-european cooperation scheme for higher education ( tempus iii ) ( 2000-2006 ) ( com ( 2000 ) 0184 - c5-0231 / 2000 - 2000 / 0074 ( cns ) ) ( committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport ) istruzione
the document reaffirms the prime importance of education as a means of empowering girls and women . istruzione
education is still the most effective instrument for ensuring that women can freely exercise their rights and for allowing greater access to positions of responsibility , both in the workplace and in public life . NULL
the issues which created the most problems were women ' s rights to sex education , free abortion and safe sex in order to protect themselves against hiv and aids . educazione
education and training in democratic principles are a fundamental element of sustaining a plural and democratic society . educazione
the commission ' s proposal is sensible insofar as it centres its attention on two fields : health and education . istruzione
the community action plan is a chance to combine the reconstruction process with an element of change - change which these countries genuinely need - and to invest in a new economic and social development process based on the priorities of health , education and high quality services , which , in these countries , are directly responsible for the quality of life , and , above all , the quality of their democracy . educazione
it is very important to speak of behaving cooperatively - we have spoken about behaving sensibly - by focussing especially on education and health programmes , as the report itself says , and he has also spoken about coordination and the need for staff . istruzione
it provides for assistance in education , vocational training , public health and social housing . istruzione
along the same lines , it is a real education to note that , although they are all officially specialised in the position of women , the ngos with the largest financial resources for political communication systematically militate in favour of notions of ' reproductive health ' to the detriment of more serious and urgent needs , thus offering unfailing support to the european and american delegations . schierate
in any case , if this conference was ultimately a success for women all over the world , that was mainly thanks to the realism and resistance of the poorest countries , which were able to by-pass western ideological polemics about sexuality to promote practical measures against poverty - like ' micro-credit ' , against international trafficking in women and against lack of education and medical provision . istruzione
the most recent unhcr / osce report states clearly that , in kosovo , minorities have no access to education , health and public services and no freedom of movement . istruzione
i know there are many motivated officials within the commission who will now be given the opportunity to perform within the sphere which we would all like to see do well , namely to give people who live in difficult circumstances - one in five still have no access to clean drinking water or primary education - a better chance of a decent life . istruzione
one of the forms of inequality still present in european society is inequality of educational opportunities . istruzione
its main sectors of cooperation are agriculture , health and education . istruzione
secondly , the committee on development and cooperation is extremely keen to radically expand its budget compared to last year , because we have 45 million children in africa with no primary education and an increasing number of poor in the world , whilst our continent is becoming increasingly rich . istruzione
i belong to the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport which , once again , has not been asked to speak on an issue which not only involves legal questions , but should also be subject to consensus in other respects . cultura
after all , it is the eu member states that have a duty to provide political information and education according to the principle of subsidiarity . formazione
i think it is also important , and the rapporteur has quite rightly drawn attention to this , for schools , teachers and places of education to prepare people for the euro . istruzione
the euro must become part of education across the board . insegnamento
but it is also a matter of turning information into education , because at the end of the day we need to acquire a totally new way of looking at prices , making calculations and judging values . formazione
thirdly , i recommend that you read the conclusions of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which introduce a cultural dimension , which is very important to the success of this information campaign . istruzione
in the first instance - and i will not labour the point as it was sufficiently highlighted this morning - the campaign must devote special attention to making young people aware and involve education in the information campaign . scuola
the next item is the report ( a5-0186 / 2000 ) by mrs hieronymi , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , concerning the following : istruzione
i believe that , at a time when we have been talking about tremendously important educational issues in both lisbon and feira , we cannot make cuts in areas in which the products of the education system are supposed to find work . formazione
this is always the case ; there is never enough money for culture or for education . formazione
like the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , with which we reached agreement on these points , we also call for an increase in these limited budgetary resources and an addition to the legal basis - not a change , but an addition ! NULL
mr president , i would like to congratulate mrs hyeronymi on the excellent work of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and i would also like to stress the extremely high level of agreement and synergy between the committees , to the extent - and this is proof - that the main body of the report and those expressing the opinions of the different committees were all approved unanimously . hyeronymi
the amendments are the result of some very clever work , mrs hyeronymi , and , as chairman , i would like to compliment you and reiterate that you have won the unanimous support of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media , education and sport and the committees which expressed opinions . hyeronymi
i also want to thank the members of parliament who have worked so intensively on the draft : the members of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , of course , but also the various committees the report was referred to for an opinion , and i want to mention the draftsmen , mrs echerer , mr fiori , mr rocard and mr wynn . cultura
quality evaluation in school education insegnamento
the next item is the report ( a5-0185 / 2000 ) by mrs sanders-ten holte , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , concerning a proposal for a european parliament and council recommendation on european cooperation in the domain of quality evaluation in school education ( com ( 1999 ) 709 - c5-0053 / 2000 - 2000 / 0022 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , one of the eu ' s key goals is to promote mobility within the labour market , and this can only be stimulated by high-quality education . istruzione
it is therefore essential to develop tools not only to improve education , but also to ensure that education meets modern-day requirements . insegnamento
quality assessment , self-assessment of schools in particular , is a key element in the development of quality education . istruzione
in my opinion , it is especially important to encourage member states to develop sound methods for assessment in education , bearing in mind that self-assessment is complementary to external evaluation . istruzione
it is important to couple education with the labour market . istruzione
after all , we should not educate people for unemployment , and education needs to pre-empt this . formare
but education is important and we must make sure it gets the attention it deserves . istruzione
we all know the eu has very limited responsibilities as regards education , but there are some places where the european union can give added value . limitate
since the schools are preparing young people for an education in the single market of europe , we must make sure that the schools across europe are all doing their work to prepare people for the single market those young people are going to work in . istruzione
in studying the educational systems of the member states of the european union we should draw on a profound knowledge of the practices and acquired rights in our various countries , because each of our countries has its own educational reality . scolastici
any change to the educational system calls into question the ideology of the society and its economic development . scolastico
quality in education is a challenge for our society , but education must not become a focus for social operators who want to impose their personal aims upon it . NULL
if an in-depth reform of the educational system is needed , it must involve all the partners in the system and , above all , it must not be rigid . deve
it must be capable of evolving in step with society because educational systems suffer when they are not rooted in life . scolastici
but for all that , we must not forget that the all-round development of the human being is an essential goal of education . istruzione
depending on the circumstances , politicians may even find it in their interests to exaggerate or minimise things that are going wrong , especially as the problems of education occupy a growing place in the political debate and the media . istruzione
any child who is failing is expressing his unease in the educational institution , but also in society . scolastica
perhaps we should change the way we approach knowledge and review the operation of our educational systems , but we must be careful not to seek uniformity because the multiplicity of cultures is a source of personal enrichment and a condition for successful human development . scolastici
when we contemplate the information society and globalisation , when we consider the speed at which technology is changing our society , it becomes obvious that we must guarantee a school education that enables young people to stay abreast of these developments . formazione
we should like to take this opportunity to stress the need for an awareness campaign in the member states in order to overcome ignorance and educate the public about hemp grown for fibre ; in greece , for example , shops selling hemp fibre have been shut down by the police and small undertakings have gone out of business . vendevano
from this point of view , if we want to be really effective , we must prevent further conflicts and to do so , we must genuinely aid the development of education , the local economy and local democracy . istruzione
this would , of course , be a wonderful example of a europe which does not only hold forth internally , but also takes steps externally . we , all the european member states together , are very much in favour of the eighteen years , swift conclusion by signature and effective , coordinated action by the different countries where matters such as education and the re-integration of child soldiers are concerned . istruzione
such a policy would only be a factor in progress , however , if it were based on an education policy within the various states which aims to earmark greater resources for public education accessible to all . educazione
introducing the laws of the market into education , however , means keeping the best quality for a minority and allowing the quality for the majority to deteriorate . educazione
we therefore voted in favour of the amendments warning against allowing the market to play too great a part in education . educazione
furthermore , the so-called stability of the euro is financed by large cuts in unemployment benefits and in provisions for education , health care , housing and public transport . istruzione
the karas report mainly intends to instil more confidence in the euro among the public at large by , inter alia , involving sports associations and education . scuola
still on the subject of item 3 , ' human rights ' , i have received two identical requests from the technical group of independent members and the group of the european people ' s party to replace the sub-item entitled ' turkish bombing in northern iraq ' with a new sub-item entitled ' higher education and universities in macedonia ' . insegnamento
also welcome was information on the many small-scale condom and safe sex empowerment education programmes that have proved their worth in stemming the spread of hiv / aids . educazione
and , by imf dictate , poor countries are cutting public expenditure , in particular on education and health . istruzione
similarly , a concerted effort must be made to develop integrated educational , preventive , treatment and welfare programmes for developing countries , at least until the vaccine is safe to use , which is what we are all hoping for . educazione
so what we could say is that we can ensure that the employment dg will collaborate with other dgs , in particular the internal market , education , culture and enterprise dgs , to present an integrated approach for this mechanism . istruzione
this would be a centre to gather information and intelligence from all possible partners and actors , business itself , institutions of higher and further education , the employment services both public and private , the social partners from all relevant actors and again i would say to mr chichester , we are not saying here that governments should try to predict change . istruzione
the stress will be on modernising the organisation of work , education for lifelong learning and raising the employment rate , especially for women . educazione
it is therefore possible to estimate that the percentage of young people in education at 16 is approximately 90 % and at 18 approximately 60 % . scolarizzazione
reliable statistics are not yet available for cyprus and malta , and eurostat has not yet begun to collaborate with turkey on educational statistics , but it is , understandably , not a simple matter where retrospective data is concerned . istruzione
if she requires further details , the honourable member can also consult a collection entitled " key data on education in the european union " , produced by eurydice in collaboration with eurostat and published by the commission in french , german and english . istruzione
finally , on the subject of the education of all european citizens , you should remember that it is up to every member state and every candidate country to ensure that this objective is achieved . scolarizzazione
in fact , i have consulted the statistics and i have consulted the information provided by the european foundation for education , and i am surprised by the rosy picture they paint of the situation in the countries of the east . istruzione
it is clear that , beyond subsidiarity , even beyond formal legitimacy , there is a moral legitimacy , which is based on our commitment to ensure that in the rural areas , in the new europe , in the new countries which are going to join us , not a single child should remain without access to education or be deprived of the right to education which they deserve . istruzione
mr president , i should like to take advantage of the question by mrs gutiérrez-cortines to touch on an aspect of tertiary education in candidate countries which affects young people not from these countries but from other member states of the european union , such as greece , who attend universities in candidate countries in large numbers . istruzione
my question to the president-in-office is this : is there any thought , are there any prospects , are there any plans to extend the scope of the directive on the mutual recognition of tertiary education diplomas which applies to the fifteen to the candidate countries ? istruzione
on 9 november 2000 , there will be a public debate on young people and europe as part of the education and youth council . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0209 / 2000 ) by mr veltroni , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the communication from the commission to the council , the european parliament , the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions - principles and guidelines for the community 's audiovisual policy in the digital age [ com ( 1999 ) 657 - c5-0144 / 2000 - 2000 / 2087 ( cos ) ] istruzione
however , the debate generated in parliament , which has looked at different points of view and has pulled out all the stops , as did the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , in order to find a common point of agreement with the result that the report was adopted unanimously , proposes a limited number of nevertheless important supplements . cultura
mr president , mr veltroni ' s excellent report received firm support in parliament ' s committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , and the same seems to be happening here , too , in plenary . istruzione
mr president , as chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , i would also like to personally acknowledge the extremely valuable work carried out by mr veltroni . cultura
the next item is the report ( a5-0199 / 2000 ) by mr heaton-harris , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the report from the commission : " survey into the socio-economic background of erasmus students " [ com ( 2000 ) 4 - c5-0146 / 2000 - 2000 / 2089 ( cos ) ] . istruzione
if you had trouble getting on a higher education course in austria for example , because you were of a certain race , this place would have been in a complete uproar . ad
it happens not only , thank heavens , where cultural and educational matters are concerned but also in many other areas . istruzione
on the contrary , the programme is instead used by students whose parents have both a high level of education and a corresponding level of income . istruzione
i have asked the ministers for education , each in their own country , to take the necessary steps to grant supplements and advantages for erasmus students in order to offer those who are not fortunate enough to have a benevolent father or generous grandmother the chance to travel too . istruzione
i also urge each one of you to contact the minister for education in your country so that he will do all he can to remedy this financial problem . istruzione
furthermore , i shall consider this question in a moment as the french presidency wishes to develop a real action plan to foster mobility and together with the minister , mr jacques lang , i have just set a specific meeting of the ministers for education on the theme of mobility . istruzione
we want to help mauritius and guinea develop fisheries management , as well as offer financial support in the fields of education and research . formazione
what is more , 46 % of the total aid package is now to be spent on the financial counterpart for specific measures such as scientific and technical research and the monitoring and inspection of fishing activities , as well as on supporting technical training and further education in the sphere of fisheries and on supporting participation in the work of international organisations . formazione
this would mean that children or parents joining members here would have the same rights as eu citizens in the educational , employment and social spheres . istruzione
for students , the right of residence is subject to the condition that the student is enrolled at a recognised educational establishment and that he is covered by sickness insurance . fruizione
it is also only right that , following death or divorce for example , relatives should have an automatic right of residence in the host country , just as they should be given the right to work and receive an education in that country . studiare
the veltroni report on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport is certainly an improvement on the commission communication on the ' principles and guidelines for the community ' s audiovisual policy in the digital age ' . cultura
we now hope that the commission and the member states will take the necessary steps to make the erasmus programme more accessible to students from economically less well-off groups , particularly by optimising coordination between national financial support for higher education and erasmus grants , with a view to promoting social equality in access to the programme and the widest possible take-up . istruzione
the commission is also pursuing action in the social and educational field with a view to improving the situation of children . istruzione
child labour exists everywhere : among immigrants or third-country nationals , among all those young people who drop out of education before they reach the age of majority , who are exploited , underpaid and untrained , thereby constituting a serious problem of exploitation and undeclared work because they do not have a qualification which can be used to ensure that they are adequately paid . formazione
sport at the highest level is the stuff of dreams ; it contributes to the development of mass sports and , through them , to social education . educativo
to be absolutely precise , it is a matter of recognising that sport is rooted in the everyday practice of millions of men , women and children , in the commitment of hundreds of thousands of volunteers ; that it is an irreplaceable instrument of informal education , of social inclusion , of access to citizenship ; that sport is , above all , a means by which the individual can grow and flourish and can encounter other people in a spirit of mutual respect . istruzione
specific measures should be taken to protect the health of young athletes , especially to prevent any recourse to performance-enhancing drugs , and to ensure that they complete their education and vocational training . scolarizzazione
i hope it will continue to be a field of dreams , just as i hope that it will keep giving young people the educational and integrative framework they need - in short , that it will remain a school of life for our children . educativo
this report invites the sporting community , the member states and the european union to pool their efforts in order to ensure that sport , in its new economic environment , will continue to act as an instrument of education and integration on the basis of its values of fair play , equal opportunities and the pursuit of merit . educativo
sport needs a new definition : indeed , it should be considered as an activity that is an integral part of the education and training of young people , free time and the integration of socially excluded and disabled people . educazione
in short , sport must be an essential factor in promoting the education and integration of all social classes . educazione
we need to try to improve the role played by sport and the role of the teaching of physical education in the curricula of schools . educazione
these clubs invariably need to make major investments in training and education without sufficient backing or compensation . formazione
that is why there is a need to establish a vast education programme to reinstate the true values of sport and to make it , once again , a school of life and an example for our youngest generations . educazione
i think we all agree on the role and importance of sport which , at both competitive and amateur level , is an excellent tool for the education and social integration of both players and spectators . educativo
as regards the reports , i would like to say that , in view of the big business sport has become , the social and educational importance of popular sport needs to be highlighted . educativa
mr president , sport , like culture , education and health , is gradually being hijacked by commercialisation and the so-called law of the market . istruzione
the council presidency has said that sport is education for life . scuola
sport is a part of youth work , a part of education policy , a part of leisure activity , a part of health policy , a part of international understanding , a part of the information industry , and a part of economic affairs and of competition . istruzione
above all , sport must be regarded as an educational and social activity that encourages team spirit , solidarity and loyalty and helps combat racism and xenophobia . educativa
the most important point is to educate and support all democratic forces , all the independent media , the administration , the judiciary , and young politicians , especially those in local government , so that russia becomes a partner with whom we can safely live together in eurasia . media
finally , mr president , i do believe that europe should resume the provision of semi-structural aid , especially in the areas of education and health care . istruzione
we therefore need a generous and coordinated policy of development cooperation , especially in the field of education . istruzione
lastly , and above all , there is the lack of any genuine environmental education that goes well beyond the necessary prevention and awareness-raising campaigns . educazione
the next item is the report ( a5-0200 / 2000 ) by mr gutiérrez-cortines , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the commission report to the council , the european parliament , the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions on the implementation , results and overall assessment of the european year of lifelong learning ( 1996 ) , submitted pursuant to article 8 of european parliament and council decision 2493 / 95 / ec [ com ( 1999 ) 447 - c5-0205 / 1999 istruzione
the report has shown , first of all , that when money is invested in education , that money is multiplied . istruzione
that is , money invested in education gives the best results as it is multiplied and does not lead to fraud , or anything like that . istruzione
so , we are asking for the educational objectives to be clearly distinguished and regulated . istruzione
obviously , education for the integration of immigrants is not the same as training for new qualifications , training for a first job or retraining , or many other types . istruzione
what we cannot have is europe paying so little attention to education and the education funds being used for other purposes . istruzione
so , we are living in an aristocratic europe , which does not want to concern itself with education , which has become somewhat conceited about being european . istruzione
therefore , a europe that only takes care of its own interests , a europe of subsidies , a europe with teachers who only want to reduce their teaching hours , a europe that contemplates and confuses trade union policy with educational policy is a worrying europe . istruzione
i would like to draw attention to this situation , and i believe that we must rethink our attitude towards education , as we are talking about people and our future . istruzione
i also think , however , that we ought again to use this morning ' s discussion to raise awareness once more and to make people aware of education again . formazione
in many congresses , seminars and pr events , there was constructive discussion in all areas of society of the necessity and opportunities for rethinking education in the direction of lifelong learning . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the traditional concept of education was that students would cease learning when they left school . istruzione
it is true that a small elite would continue to create , pass on or acquire new knowledge and ideas , but for the great majority , leaving school meant the end of formal education . apprendimento
lifelong learning and training has therefore become an indispensable factor that states , educational bodies and the public themselves can no longer underestimate . istruzione
the line between people ' s first educational experiences and later opportunities has now been crossed . istruzione
education ... istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to express the liberal group ' s support for the report by mrs cristina gutiérrez-cortines , which , as she herself mentioned in the introduction to her report , is not , and should not be , considered to be purely a formality , a summary of the application of the european year of learning in 1996 , but rather as an analysis that serves to make a series of proposals on what the standing of education should be in its various fields , including the fields of lifelong learning istruzione
to be precise , the key element in the process to achieve this level of competence lies in training , education and in a society with levels of excellence that lay the necessary foundations for progress to be made in the most technologically developed and advanced fields of scientific and technological innovation . istruzione
the report by mrs cristina gutiérrez-cortines , and she has also mentioned this today , shows the imbalances that still exist in the field of education between the level of the european union and national level , that is , on the one hand we want action in education at european union level , but on the other , the member states do not want to give up their competences and establish true cooperation on an educational level . istruzione
finally , i therefore recommend that you pay particular attention to points 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 23 and 24 , which constitute a good guide for the achievement of these higher levels of education at european union level . insegnamento
mr president , first of all , i should like to congratulate our rapporteur on her excellent work and also on the commendable way in which she cooperated in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . cultura
it is mainly the early phases of life which , right into our own time , have been , and remain , the time for education and training . istruzione
the importance of lifelong learning cannot , however , be limited to the spheres of education and training policy alone . istruzione
we must stress the importance of the fact that lifelong learning also involves an all-round educational element and not just a professional one . nozioni
we need lifelong learning and all-round educational knowledge , so that we can counter the attempt by the european union to create a european totalitarian state and be its politburo . nozioni
i have been at the receiving end of such systems , both as a university teacher and when i was involved in an educational and social charity . universitario
my constituency has just come through a serious crisis in its educational assessment , partly due to a lack of proper consultation with classroom teachers . scolastico
subsidiarity matters , especially in a field like education and lifelong learning , and we forget that at our peril . istruzione
it demands new thinking on educational policy and calls for financial resources to be prioritised . istruzione
in our education systems , we specialise in the contrary , that is to say self-enclosed educational courses , limited by time and with heavy emphasis upon the final examination . istruzione
it is no longer enough to educate for the immediate needs of the workplace . formare
now , it is a matter of educating people for life . qualificare
we need to allocate much greater resources to education than we have done up until now , both to the workplace and to the public education system , as well as to other areas . insegnamento
there must be money to pay for the costs of education and also to replace income in the form of wages , especially in the case of those who need to study full-time . istruzione
because access to money is always a problem , i think that quantitative objectives are required in connection with expenditure on adult education . istruzione
i think we could call upon the swedish government to propose just such quantitative objectives for lifelong adult education . istruzione
this cannot help but be reflected also in the implementation of the adult education component , grundvik , which forms part of socrates . grundvik
it is justifiable that the report adopted by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport should contain a request to the commission to apply the notion of further education , not only at the level of advanced know-how and skills and universities , but also in traditional professions , particularly the craftsmen trades . istruzione
the reason is often that the young teenager is discouraged from learning by the rigidities of an education system that sticks to established lines and tries to fit square pegs into round holes . scolastico
i voted in favour because i believe that tax advantages for professional and private education must be placed centre-stage so that educational sponsorship , in particular , becomes a possibility , too . formazione
incentives must be created so that , in order to take some of the pressure off the system , foundations can take over educational establishments and sponsorship can be broadly based . istruzione
every year , we ought to devise and evaluate training and further education syllabuses for our officials and politicians to enable us to measure how we are meeting our own needs for professional development . formazione
however , the model being promoted by the european union merely attempts to patch over the shortcomings in an education system which turns out disposable workers who are unable to keep up with developments in the productive process . istruzione
it is now acknowledged that education and training should be a lifelong process and so , throughout these summit meetings , the commission and the member states have been encouraged to define coherent strategies and practical measures in order to make lifelong education and training accessible to all . NULL
the purpose of this year was to make european citizens aware of new concepts in academic and vocational education and to conduct joint discussions with all the operators involved in the role and the stakes of education and training at the dawn of the twenty-first century . insegnamento
they should also speedily implement action programmes and specific measures in the context of a lifelong education and training strategy . istruzione
that is why we need a white paper on transport policy which seeks to readjust modes of transport , to improve the trans-european networks , to eliminate points of congestion , to promote the railways , river transport , short haul sea shipping , to promote effective and less polluting urban transport , with the rationalisation of the use of the traditional car and the promotion of innovative research projects into clean fuels , and to improve the awareness and education of drivers . educazione
the requirements for integrating environmental considerations include extensive method development work and demonstration projects , as well as education and training , both of the commission ' s staff and of affected personnel in the recipient countries . formazione
mrs schleicher , it would be particularly tragic if children were to suffer because it is impossible to receive an education . frequentare
the social polarisation of society , state withdrawal from social and educational establishments and the increasingly fierce competition within the labour market , provide a fertile breeding ground for racism and xenophobia . educative
because of the duplication that now exists between this directive and the proposal for a directive on the creation of a general framework promoting equal treatment in employment and work - the directive on discrimination - racial discrimination was withdrawn from its scope , but let me remind you that the scope of this proposal for a directive is a great deal more limited than that of the directive previously adopted , which covers not only the sectors of employment and work but also social protection , welfare benefits and education , as well as access to goods and services istruzione
if a society wishes to call itself truly civilised , it has a duty to track down , prohibit , punish and eradicate racism by means of education and prosecution . istruzione
in europe , we must make massive investments in education , prevention and combating job insecurity , and we must reaffirm the fact that non-european residents have the same rights as european residents . istruzione
the sad thing is that the proponents of racial violence are young people up to the age of 20 , most of whom have not completed their education or who do not have a profession . scuola
we cannot , however , discuss penalties without discussing crime prevention , and clearly we must implement programmes for educational and information purposes , directed , in particular , at the citizens of our own states but also at the populations of third countries . educativi
these problems could be addressed by revising the banks ' humiliating lending criteria and by making full use of associations of enterprises and chambers which promote technological development programmes and school education programmes . formazione
the leaders will therefore decide on other initiatives to increase the exchange of students between the regions , to modernise educational structures , to intensify cooperation in the development of human resources and exchange points of view on recent socio-political events . docenti
are free education and free access to a job centre fundamental rights on the same footing as the right to life or human dignity ? insegnamento
on subjects as basic as women ' s rights , immigrants ' rights , the right to education , the right to accommodation , the right to employment or a decent wage , this charter is often inadequate and occasionally retrogressive . istruzione
in our opinion , efforts to abolish all discrimination against the roma community must be based on a raft of positive measures which have , in part , been launched by the hungarian government as part of a medium-term action plan which is supported by the phare programme , particularly in the field of education and in specific programmes to improve employment and housing . istruzione
we must bring down the iron curtain that exists among us , as getting rid of social and educational inequality is a much more important condition than all the weight of the votes of the commission or the council . intellettuali
mr president , the reason for this amendment concerns the fact that recital c ) highlights the persistence of segregation in children ' s education and serious discrimination in the various sectors of hungarian civil society , from the economy to the public sector , which in its seriousness does not correspond to my perception of the current situation , which i have had the opportunity to observe as rapporteur and during my visits there . istruzione
the various structural adjustment plans demand forced privatisations in all strategic sectors : finance , insurance , industry , education , and public services , etc . , and impose budgetary restrictions . istruzione
these communities make vital contributions to society in terms of social facilities such as nurseries , hospitals and educational institutions . formazione
need i point out in this house that the principle role , particularly in terms of education , belongs to governments . istruzione
given an identical curriculum vitae , identical education and identical career , a young person with a french sounding name has four to five times the chance of being recruited than a young person with a north african sounding name , and twice that of a young person with a portuguese or spanish sounding name . formazione
in france , for example , men are not allowed to teach in primary education . that is a case of blatant discrimination . scuole
it is almost acceptable in its original form because , essentially , it is directed at something fundamental , that is , educating european society in the value of the human being , of whatever type . educare
we must support amendment no 37 by the committee on employment and social affairs , which also exempts any restrictions on the religion or faith of persons who come directly into contact with members of that faith in education , social welfare or health care , for example , teachers in denominational schools , doctors and nurses in hospitals and hospices , visitors to inmates in prison , counsellors and carers for children , old people , teenagers and married couples , where these socially desirable services are provided by religious bodies . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5 ­ 0258 / 2000 ) by mrs angelilli , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the communication from the commission to the council , the european parliament and the economic and social committee : study on parental control of television broadcasting ( com ( 1999 ) 371 - c5 ­ 0324 / 1999 - 1999 / 2210 ( cos ) ) . istruzione
youth violence is the result of a build-up of several factors , such as experiencing violence in the family , suffering serious social disadvantages , having poor chances for the future because of lack of education , which leads to frustration , which in turn finds its outlet in violence . formativi
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport has therefore called in so many words for the programme and provider responsibility to be established . questo
finally , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport also considered it important to urge the commission to extend all youth protection measures to multimedia offerings of all kinds , since images of violence and other harmful content are certainly no longer confined to conventional television . istruzione
that is an educational and social task . educativo
that being said , these devices must not , and cannot , exonerate broadcasters and educators from fulfilling their responsibilities . educatori
we have to ensure that the experiences of young people - students and others in the educational world - are positive . scuola
nothing will be more damaging to their developing views , than if a report such as this fails to make progress or if it fails to deliver greater mobility or if it fails to at least start to demolish the barriers that confront educational mobility today . istruzione
and why in 1996 did the commission publish a green paper - education , training and research - if there was no legal base for it ? istruzione
as is apparent from the report by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , there are still many thresholds , and during my work visits in my country , i hear many complaints every time , not only about the obstacles to mobility , but also about the implementation level , the red-tape involved in applications , the number of bodies which carry out the same inspections and late payments . cultura
i hope that the main amendments adopted by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport will be received positively by the council , as they deserve to be , and that legislation is speedily brought into effect . istruzione
when it comes to student and teacher mobility , experience shows that the real problems of mobility are not found so much in the area of educational administration , but with the social , tax and immigration authorities . istruzione
regarding our own problems in the education sector , we cannot steer away from the difficulties there are in approving study credits . istruzione
last saturday , i was in paris for a council of ministers for education , exclusively on the issue of mobility . istruzione
in november , the ministers of education are going to take a decision not only on this recommendation , which is a small step in the right direction , but also on an action plan to be implemented in order to facilitate mobility and turn this into a reality . istruzione
our heads of state and of government and the regional and national governments have realised that education has a role to play if we want to develop the economic and social sides of the european union . istruzione
since we know that quality employment that provides rights is a fundamental factor in guaranteeing equality between men and women and in guaranteeing women the same kind of independence as men , it is crucial that we study the causes of this situation and adopt the necessary measures to overcome it , specifically through policies on employment , training , education and on infrastructures for supporting the family and children , giving priority to this issue at a practical level and not just making declarations of intent . istruzione
mr president , on that last vote , i would just like to inform the house that the commission issued a press release yesterday and commissioner reding spoke last night to the effect that , as regards the report we have just passed and agreed on mobility for teachers , students , academics , others involved in education , and helping them to move around europe to study , to work and everything else related to the education field , the commission will not accept the amendments which ask them to do something to enforce these arrangements . educativo
report ( a5-0258 / 2000 ) by mr angelilli , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the commission communication ' study on parental control of television broadcasting ( com ( 1999 ) 371 - c5 ­ 0324 / 1999 - 1999 / 2210 ( cos ) ) istruzione
the two-fold approach of education and examinations for master craftsmen diplomas or certificates is prerequisite to future economic success . formazione
mobility and life-long learning must go hand in hand with assuring a high standard of education for our young students and working people . formazione
so there is a need to strengthen national and regional awareness-raising campaigns on the protection of minors in the media context , involving families and the education world . istruzione
mr president , today , just as and even more so than in the past , the tragic military success of the taliban has meant that hundreds of thousands of women are subject to severe repression and are denied medical assistance , education , the possibility of supporting themselves and the freedom of movement . istruzione
other members have already spoken of a million displaced people , a million people mutilated by landmines , thousands of women deprived of their most basic rights , such as the right to education , health , work , or to move around freely : it must be terrible for many of these women , who are accustomed to education , to a secular way of life , to be confined to that area with no freedom . istruzione
b5-0782 / 2000 , by mr haarbyr , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , on macedonia : law on higher education and universities ; insegnamento
b5-0786 / 2000 , by mrs pack and others , on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on fyrom : law on higher education and universities ; insegnamento
b5-0788 / 2000 , by mr lagendijk and others , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , law on higher education and universities in macedonia . insegnamento
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i think this resolution is important because it refers to a positive decision by the macedonian government , and unfortunately not by all the political forces of macedonia , on the law on higher education which will at last allow young people from minorities , in particular the albanian minority , to study in their mother tongue . istruzione
therefore , we are all delighted that a genuinely sound solution is perhaps at last to be found to this problem of higher education . istruzione
mr president , it makes a nice change in this parliament to be able to reflect on positive developments in south-eastern europe , and very often the subject is macedonia where , despite all the problems this country has to deal with , the two largest groups of the population co-exist in peace , even form a coalition government and have now adopted a new act on higher education . istruzione
at long last , the albanians now have the opportunity to attend university courses in their own language and within the official education system of macedonia . istruzione
as far as i am concerned , it proves to all neighbouring countries that education does not only have to spread hatred , as is often the case these days , but that it can also serve as a cradle for a peaceful , multi-ethnic society . istruzione
it attracts a new class of students to higher education . istruzione
in time , the university should also be funded by taxpayers ' money only . after all , the albanian speakers pay taxes and are just as entitled to a share when it comes to paying for education . istruzione
i , myself , was educated at a university which was a ' free university ' , free from church and state influence , yet government-funded . NULL
i have to say that i still believe this to be a great bonus and it also proves that the state respects the country ' s own particular educational sphere . istruzione
that is why the commission has repeatedly urged the macedonian government to resolve the outstanding problem of higher education in the albanian language . istruzione
it is the familiar 5-pronged strategy of participation of women in economic life , at the decision-making centres , in social policy , in civil society and in human rights , together with the new model of gender equality for the mass media and education . istruzione
mr president , right at the start i would like to thank jutta haug , as budget rapporteur , for the cooperation she demonstrated in dealing with appropriations relating to culture , youth , education and communication in the budget . istruzione
we in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport tried to remain within the framework of the proposed appropriations , so that we ourselves might set out priorities as befits a special committee . cultura
it is important to see that the committee on budgets took a positive attitude towards the request of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport to have the commission give an account of the financing of organisations hitherto , so that we might establish fairer and more open rules for this . erogati
this is why we have ensured that the aid for education and health care is doubled , and that is necessary to ensure that the aid ends up with the people who need it the most . formazione
the educational aspect lies in the fact that we shall all be better able to see what we are getting for our money . pedagogico
what impact could this information society have on the development of your regions , particularly in the field of e-commerce , administration , distance education , telemedicine , whose very positive and very tangible effects i saw in the azores ? istruzione
this means that the member states have to invest more in education and training , multilingualism , mobility and communication . istruzione
i hope too that we will be able to reinforce a flourishing economic relationship with hong kong , with strengthened cooperation in other areas , such as education and the environment . istruzione
some countries still spend more on debt repayment than on health and education combined , and yet the people suffering from this diversion of resources are certainly not those who had any benefit from the original loans that were given . istruzione
this is why the commission , in the area of community action for civil protection in the period 2000-2004 , is developing initiatives in close collaboration with member states to prevent catastrophes and educate the public . informare
so we must continue to invest in the education of all people , young and old alike . istruzione
i have to say that despite approving of the contents of the explanatory statement on page 20 , and thus of the need for initiatives for programmes concerning education , poverty alleviation and the capacity-building of democratic institutions , the proposal unfortunately makes no reference to this point . istruzione
to do this we need to be active in the context of education in particular . formazione
i would like to stress that this is an important focus , which must be brought more to the fore in the information and information campaigns , because it cannot be emphasised enough that entrepreneurship and an entrepreneurial climate are both of key significance , and that this is the reason why particular attention must be paid to the education and training of young people , as well as to providing permanent training to staff of smes . formazione
in the european union , education and teaching is structured according to the principle of subsidiarity , with the result that the laws of the member states differ . istruzione
otherwise , this problem , which is political , not legal in nature , will arise again and could occur in other states of the european union where laws governing university career paths and education are different from elsewhere . istruzione
i assume that the italian educational authorities are already fully appraised of the criticism , but the impression i am getting is that this has not convinced them of the need to do things differently from now on . istruzione
obviously education still comes under subsidiarity but , within the framework of the treaties , the freedom of movement of workers and the ban on discrimination apply to everyone , although we - and i in particular , coming as i do from a highly federalist state - support the principle of subsidiarity as a principle of order in our dealings with the european union and do what we can so that powers are divided as quickly as possible between the levels in europe in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity . istruzione
i say that also as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education , media and sport : the internal economic market needs the internal educational market . istruzione
in the meantime , members of the house should know that the president of the association of the lettori was last week visited in his classroom by the anti-terrorist police to check if he was planning any violent demonstration against the minister of education . istruzione
in fact , if it were possible to amend the charter , if it were admitted that the charter does not provide for duties and does not provide fully for rights , things would be easier : the charter does not go far enough in protecting the natural family or safeguarding children ; it disregards the need for rules to regulate every new global information technology ; it discriminates between private and public education ; with regard to safeguarding the environment , it disregards the protection of health and animal rights ; it is too general with regard to consumer istruzione
article 14 recognises the right to education but interprets it simply as being a right to free attendance applicable only to compulsory education . istruzione
i should like to mention a number of economic criteria , such as the high rate of inflation which was over 100 % and which is still over 50 % , the high national debt as the result of the strain on the national budget from military expenditure and the military conflict with the pkk , high real interest rates , the continuing predominance of the public sector , huge regional differences in turkey , a prosperity differential within turkey of 1 : 10 , which the european union will never be able to bring under control , different educational superava
i am thinking in particular of public services , more especially in the areas of water , education , health , public transport and housing . istruzione
one of them is that liberalisation , a single market , cannot be established without taking care of some important aspects , such as people and culture or education . istruzione
europe needs to think outside the principle of subsidiarity or go beyond it and realise that it needs to provide a great deal of aid in order to raise the level in the recipient countries , among both men and women , not only of basic education but also of minimum education , which in europe is considered to be for all citizens . istruzione
in addition , there are several measures - i am referring particularly to the cards programme - that should go beyond reconstruction and extend to training , education and the reconstruction of civil society in close collaboration with ngos . istruzione
the fact that the amendments expressed as an opinion by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport have been accepted and that unanimity has been achieved is , in my opinion , an important factor which this house should note and take into consideration . cultura
without education and training there is nothing , which is why i am delighted that the members of all the committees have helped me to table this proposed amendment . istruzione
i really do hope that the french minister for education , jacques lang , will be able to persuade his cabinet to ensure that the french government does not oppose the inclusion of the objective of education in the cards programme in the next coreper . istruzione
i should like him to tell me if he supports the addition of another objective to the objectives listed in the cards programme , namely support for education and training in south-east europe . educazione
the report that was adopted by the turkish cabinet on 21 september as a reform programme contains several planned amendments to the law , such as the inclusion of measures in the civil code that are designed to enhance effective equality between men and women in social and educational fields , ways to better combat domestic violence by training judges that specialise in family matters and , lastly , measures to prevent people that have committed crimes of honour from serving reduced sentences . socioeducativi
in the social and cultural field , leaders recognised the vital importance of better educational links with specific initiatives for promoting mutual awareness , including an enhancement of inter-university cooperation and electronic networking between schools . didattico
the kurds are displaced , bombarded and suppressed . their language is banned from use in administration , education and the media . istruzione
we support the various elements of the programme , such as a multidimensional approach to this phenomenon , measures on health , education , housing , cohesion and complementarity with other related policies and the involvement of both non-governmental organisations and the very people who are subject to social exclusion . istruzione
madam president , i am totally convinced that the union in its entirety lacks the political , moral and educational authority to talk about the quality and safety of food . pedagogica
but i also believe that we should not forget education , because energy efficiency and energy conservation are undeniably important subjects for the future , in just the same way as making use of an efficient infrastructure . formazione
there are many issues on the table to set to work on , for example , police education or the training of military personnel . there is certainly cause for increasing understanding of the fact that rape really is an atrocity that cannot be accepted , just as we cannot accept torture either . formazione
we need to educate people and to expand and improve the basic framework that already exists in some countries , so as to provide incentives to phase out the present grey economy . approfondire
the statement by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , too , in fact goes farther than the commission had proposed . cultura
naturally enough , it has also been the task of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport to emphasise that the language in the rules must be as clear , simple and understandable as possible . in the same way , we have also pointed out that openness and transparency are the best tools for solving the problems which may arise as a result of cultural and linguistic differences between the member states , on this issue too . cultura
we must therefore adopt proactive measures to provide social protection and access to public services in the field of health , education , housing and so on . istruzione
quality jobs , health care , housing and education are indeed basic rights , which , if they were binding upon employers and states , would be able to offer protection against social exclusion . NULL
i fully endorse this innovative measure that has benefited many young people in particular , through strong action on truancy and school exclusion , sleeping rough , teenage pregnancy and providing support to 16-18 year olds not in education , employment or training . scolastiche
with regard to human rights , we have , since 1990 , been supporting the cooperation programmes in favour of respect for human rights by means of education and raising awareness in this area . formazione
the commission recognises other priorities with regard to emergencies , which are closely related to issues such as health or education , especially in rural areas , and this is fundamental to this process being carried out in an open and democratic manner . istruzione
as i see it , it sets an example of how things should be done in the european union , and it demonstrates that by taking various measures , for example in the field of democracy , support for the free press , and in the field of education , conflict prevention policy can help us to keep the lid on the situation . istruzione
by amending article 133 of the treaty of amsterdam , europe would extend the qualified majority voting currently in force in the council in trade matters to other areas such as public services , intellectual property , health and education . educazione
it is impossible to conceive of a unified european union without convergence in the health sector and in the education and other sectors . istruzione
secondly , it gives me great pleasure to note that there is support from the whole of parliament , right across the political spectrum , for the concrete objectives for tackling poverty , as have been proposed by the committee on development and cooperation in the 2001 budget , partly on the basis of the historical data provided by the european commission ; in particular , the doubling of the budgets for basic education and healthcare in the regional programmes for latin america , asia , africa and the european development fund , amounting to a total of around eur istruzione
the need for a social agenda covering employment , health , education , the environment and rights was mentioned , but nothing concrete was specified , not even the barriers to be overcome or how to overcome them to guarantee justice and freedom . istruzione
but that is because , that is mainly because none of the heads of government has the courage to lead and educate public opinion pro-actively , rather than running along behind it . educare
the core tacis programme , worth eur 34 million , focuses on education , the rule of law , democracy and civil society development , including regional media freedom , protection of individual rights and support to self-government . istruzione
these commitments concern access to education , reducing maternal mortality and under-five child mortality , and combating transmissible diseases , especially aids . istruzione
common position adopted by the council with a view to adopting a decision of the european parliament and of the council on the implementation of a training programme for professionals in the european audiovisual programme industry ( media - training ) ( 2001-2005 ) [ 10939 / 2 / 2000 c5-0616 / 2000 - 1999 / 0275 ( cod ) ] committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport istruzione
i think it would be very helpful , as the commission prepares this new document on transatlantic relations , if we in parliament could be given a document which analyses the progress which has been made so far in this relationship in looking at , for example , the success of the eu educational centres , success in terms of policy cooperation on such matters as aids , immigration , aid development issues and even on foreign policy questions such as work on transatlantic houses in ukraine . formazione
another area relates to the aforementioned eu educational centres , which i believe have been highly successful . formazione
we would like to add educational services to that . istruzione
subject : eu funding for the palestinian education system it appears that a large number of school books issued by the palestinian authority contain anti-semitic statements and incitement to hatred of jews that would result in prosecution for ' incitement to racial hatred ' , in any eu member state . istruzione
under the 1993 oslo agreements , the union and the fifteen provide large-scale funding for the palestinian education system . istruzione
assistance to the educational system is focused mainly on infrastructure , equipment for schools and direct assistance for school expenses , for example , salaries . NULL
those are a few passages from the palestinian schoolbooks used to teach children in the territories , an education service , moreover , which we ourselves are funding to a large extent . istruzione
as you said , commissioner , particularly where wages are concerned , the european union is funding a form of education which is , in reality , being twisted into anti-semitic propaganda . istruzione
i have asked you about the commission ' s participation in educational programmes , and you avoided the question . istruzione
we reject any attempt to use the educational system to promote intolerance or hatred . istruzione
i very much hope that in every country in the region we will find that educational services promote tolerance rather than intolerance . istruzione
directive 89 / 48 / eec pertains to higher-education diplomas awarded on completion of professional education and training of at least three years ' duration . formazione
a french university and a british university have entered into a contract with an educational establishment in greece and students from france , britain or any other country study in those institutions in greece . universitario
citizens are involved because content relating to the arts , education , sport , tourism and so on , seems to me to be just as important . educativi
for that reason , the objective behind public subsidies for the eu ' s content industry must also be the achievement of high levels of education and culture in all its diversity . poliedrico
it is imperative that we offer our assistance here as a matter of urgency ; we must develop career profiles , so that the education system can produce suitably qualified people , we must press ahead with the development of ' learning entertainment ' , and in the field of health care , we must try to offer structures that will guarantee us good health into our old age . formazione
for all the communication problems between the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and committee on industry , external trade , research and industry , our aim was ultimately the same , namely to secure a speedy , smooth and efficient decision . istruzione
that is why i am campaigning very vigorously for parliament and its committees - the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy and the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport - to undertake a thorough analysis of the potential effects of this new form of cooperation between public and private funding bodies on the preservation of cultural diversity in europe . istruzione
the rapporteur , mrs gill , has succeeded in bringing together the different opinions in a balanced manner , with an important contribution from mrs fraisse and the committee on committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . cultura
within the spanish state , the basque region enjoys very broad autonomy , with its own government and parliament , full control of its taxation , bilingual educational competences , two of its own television channels , one in the basque language , etc . scolastico
for that reason , we should endorse the call for the responsible authorities at national , regional and local levels to ensure , by their own efforts and with the aid of all available eu support mechanisms , that the same terms and conditions are created throughout the eu for the acquisition of modern information technology by educational establishments . formazione
i consider it especially important that schools and other educational establishments should be involved with these new forms of technology , and i hope they will find a suitable way to make their voices heard here . formazione
80 % of tunisians are homeowners , a third of the budget goes on social payments and another third goes on education . istruzione
perhaps - and i say this as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport - sport and exercise should have been given more emphasis to keep ageing people fit and healthy - but that is something i am sure the rapporteur is well aware of . istruzione
another important area is , of course , further education and training . formazione
quality evaluation in school education insegnamento
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a5-0375 / 2000 ) , by mrs sanders-ten holte , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the council common position for adopting a european parliament and council recommendation on european cooperation in quality evaluation in school education [ 11540 / 1 / 2000 - c5-0565 / 2000 - 2000 / 0022 ( cod ) ] . istruzione
mr president , the quality of education is high on the political agenda of every member state , and that comes as no surprise . istruzione
education must and can help here , and all these new developments offer education opportunities and challenges , because education will undergo a sea of change , and that is only the way children are taught , and how they are taught to learn . NULL
that is why it is so important that the eu member states join forces and want to work together on future-orientated education , each according to their own tradition but , let there be no mistake , with a common goal in mind . istruzione
initially , i found the commission proposal somewhat vague and very non-committal , given the huge importance of sound education , and the council was suffering from stage fright : whatever you do , do not touch our autonomy in education . istruzione
however , in the course of the discussions , they came to share parliament ' s opinion that the quality of education should be monitored seriously and in a structured manner by , among other things , setting up sound , efficient quality evaluation systems for primary education , secondary education and secondary vocational training . istruzione
this , too , has now been included , and this is important for the support structure of evaluation processes and improvements in education . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , mrs peijs , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to begin by thanking mrs sanders-ten holte for the work she has done and i welcome the fruitful cooperation that has developed between parliament , the council and the commission , the outcome of which is the text that has just been presented to us , a text which , i hope , will make a real contribution towards promoting the high quality education throughout europe we aspire to . istruzione
on the contrary , this form of evaluation should allow each establishment , however different in terms of its students or the methods or resources used , to meet all the risks of dropping out , to improve the intrinsic quality of education for everyone and to accept all pupils of all abilities by offering education which is tailored to the students ' requirements and by allowing everyone to discover their own personal development needs . insegnamento
we certainly all agree here in this chamber that education is of vital importance and that an educated workforce is the cornerstone of europe 's future prosperity . istruzione
we also all agree that education is rightly a matter for the individual member states and the regions . istruzione
as a former lecturer myself , i would have welcomed a clear idea of how british teaching and educational standards compared to those of other european countries . istruzione
european comparisons will show up , one hopes , strengths but also weaknesses that are currently hidden by evaluation systems limited to a single educational system . istruzione
one of the main aims of education is to provide for the world of work as well as providing a cultural base for europe 's young people . istruzione
the possibility of comparing education systems across borders will , i hope , lead to improvements across european teaching establishments as schools learn from others outside their immediate view . NULL
i would like to see whether there are differences in the pattern of the school day , whether this varies in different parts of europe , and whether this offers ways of improving education . istruzione
then there is the use of compulsory sports activities : does this help in the educational system of different countries ? istruzione
we would all be interested to know how the educational systems achieve competence in two modern languages in addition to the mother tongue . istruzione
the opinion of those within the educational system is often lost within the large civil service machines and bureaucracies which run schools . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , education is assuming an ever more important role in the european strategy . istruzione
the conclusions of the lisbon summit emphasised the importance of education both in improving competitiveness and preventing exclusion . scolastica
it is only natural that the quality of school education should receive attention also at union level , although the organisation of education itself is the responsibility of the member states . insegnamento
we need europe-wide cooperation and encouragement in all areas of education . istruzione
systematic quality evaluation in education is still in its infancy in many eu countries . insegnamento
in finland , for example , there were legal provisions introduced on it as part of national educational legislation just two years ago . scolastico
education cannot just be looked at from the limited point of view of competitiveness . NULL
education has a major part to play in building an equal and integrated society . istruzione
well-organised education means that national resources are being put to the best possible use . scolastico
in my opinion , schools must be developed in such a way that all children starting their compulsory education can achieve success . scuola
it is a positive sign that a common position on the quality evaluation of school education is ready to be approved so quickly . insegnamento
but it is exactly because education is so important in the passing on , not only of knowledge and in the acquisition of skills , but it is also in the passing on of cultural heritage and in the integration of the individual into the social fabric that sound education is vital . istruzione
parents know that education requires a huge effort from children and students , but at the same time they expect to see results . istruzione
what it did lead to in flanders is a high level of self-evaluation in the schools . they sensed of their own accords that they needed to make a stand in the world of education . istruzione
in flanders , quality monitoring used to be a bit of a taboo subject , for example , for it was feared that this would breed hostility in the different educational networks . we now see that the opposite is true . inimicizie
the desire for quality monitoring in education has opened up the door to this large european community and to the job market of this european community . quality monitoring has thus increasingly become a common area of concern . di
today , i can show you the results of an enquiry which was held across the flemish education system to check whether both primary and secondary education meet the common standards . scolastico
after all , each school , each educational network , wants to come out of this enquiry smelling of roses , but at the same time , each parent wants their children to attend good schools . scuola
i welcome the report and consider european cooperation in quality evaluation in school education to be important in this age of information . insegnamento
the european education systems must become attuned to the information society . istruzione
what constitutes a good school education these days ? formazione
i believe it is the role of education in terms of the self-realisation of the individual and his or her participation in a democratic , socially just and tolerant society that is crucial to the definition of a high quality education . istruzione
everyone is entitled to a good school education , and that goes for foreign nationals and groups on the fringe of society too . formazione
they are particularly at risk of social marginalisation because they are not as well educated . istruzione
i call upon the member states of the european union to ensure that everyone receives the same standard of education . istruzione
after all , schools , associations , and organisations can learn from one another by exchanging information and experiences and so find exemplary solutions to providing a good education . formazione
i am committed to the idea of providing a good education , as a way of preventing unemployment and social exclusion . scolastica
a high-quality education is an investment in the future , for the sake of social progress , a peaceful world and tolerance . istruzione
mr president , today we are discussing a draft recommendation to the member states on quality evaluation in education which may bring some worthwhile innovations to the working methods of the european union and a project which has already made good progress at grass roots level . insegnamento
as far back as 1998 , at a conference in prague attended by 26 european countries , the national ministers for education agreed to implement a system of common indicators for their methods and results . istruzione
first of all , they had to establish a common language and then compare results in order to share experiences , whilst leaving each member state with full responsibility for its own education system . istruzione
as regards motives , on the one hand , education is obviously a key factor in the age of the information and knowledge society , for both human development and economic competitiveness . istruzione
the advantages of doing this seem particularly obvious in the case of france , which has a very inflexible education system that would benefit from being more responsive to the needs of the ' education consumer ' . istruzione
as regards the methodological issues , on the other hand , the new cooperation in evaluation of education systems could , in fact , lead the way to a new , wholly beneficial , method . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i said by way of introduction , back in the debate held on 5 july on " quality evaluation in school education " that the foundations for the future of young people are laid in classrooms , but not just in classrooms . insegnamento
there are no two ways about it , education , i.e. training and further education , must take centre stage in all policy areas . istruzione
education is not an end in itself but is the key to our being able to hold our own in the modern age , not just in economic terms but also at a personal level . NULL
the transition to the knowledge-based society , the globalisation of the economy , social , democratic and environmental change , together with far-reaching changes in the world of work , due not least to the new technologies : these are the big challenges we face in the third millennium , and they also require renewed efforts in the educational field . istruzione
so again , i welcome the fact that this report has come before the house , because its aim is both to improve school education and the quality evaluation thereof . insegnamento
quality comparisons - be they internal or external - generate competition , and if the quality of education in european schools is enhanced as a result , and the three-fold challenge posed by the information society , globalisation and rapid scientific and technological change is taken into account , then this report will have achieved its goal of giving renewed impetus to efforts in the field of education , and a major step forward will have been taken at european level . formazione
permit me though , on a final note , to say something that is fundamental to the future of education , since i have just come from an educational symposium , the federal conference of the austrian people ' s party . istruzione
there is more to education than equipping people for employment . istruzione
this entails imparting fundamental knowledge , skills and competences , communicating values , and educating people in music , creative subjects , health and sport . educazione
secondly , a sound knowledge base , which imparts important material and leaves out what is unimportant , still forms the basis for education in the twenty-first century . istruzione
quality , as we have been hearing , can be a problematic concept in education , especially when one looks at any form of assessment . istruzione
there are many international studies which have thrown up difficulties , however , when it comes to making straight comparisons , because of differences in curriculum , approach and the underlying assumptions about what constitutes a good education . istruzione
it is essential not to confuse education with training . istruzione
the primary purpose of education is not to prepare people for the job market but to prepare them for a life which is fulfilling in every way . NULL
so when we are assessing the quality of education , we want to see if we can develop people who have self-esteem and confidence , who can communicate effectively , who can look behind the information for the hidden message , who can question , who can work as part of a team and independently , and who are creative , resourceful and have an appreciation of the wider world and their responsibility to it . istruzione
i also think that when we are looking at the quality of education we need to see if it is delivering real equality of opportunity for all of those within the system or whether it is doing , as society does , so much to exclude people on grounds of a poor background or their colour or whatever . istruzione
i am glad to see that we are recognising the importance of involving pupils themselves in the development and assessment of our educational system . istruzione
after all , education properly done is a collaborative adventure and we know we have a lot to learn from each other . istruzione
mr president , evaluation in general and evaluation in school education in particular are not a mere formality . istruzione
collaboration on the part of the member states in evaluating school education is becoming an important tool for intervening in the member states ' education systems , the aim being to promote an education model which is a far cry from a universal , quantitatively and qualitatively broad general education . istruzione
this policy results in cutbacks in general education for the benefit of training which produces disposable labour ; it even results in general education being replaced by an endless process of life-long learning . istruzione
it also results in the weaker - and generally poor - students being shifted out of mainstream education into second-class training , as is the case in greece , where the number of sixth form students has fallen by 35 % in a few years following the so-called education reform . istruzione
in addition , the system of self-evaluation shifts the government 's responsibility for the quality of education on to teachers , pupils and parents . istruzione
if we were truly interested in the quality of education , we would not be concentrating on evaluation mechanisms but on improving the standard of education for everyone . istruzione
mr president , i welcome this document and fully support the european parliament and council decision to promote cooperation and quality evaluation in school education . istruzione
i also fully agree with better integration between parents , pupils and teachers and the many community players who rightly want to play a role in education and its development and achieve , as a result , the idea of the school as the community . istruzione
i welcome the report , it is a positive paper and one that we can build on to create better educational networks within the european union . istruzione
today ' s business is to examine the draft recommendation on quality evaluation of school education . istruzione
you have before you a draft recommendation which , as some of you have mentioned , relates to a key issue at the heart of our political priorities , to wit , can we guarantee improvements in the quality of school education and , if so , how do we go about it so that the european union can give this a bit of a nudge in the right direction , without interfering in european systems which are , and remain , the responsibility of the national ministers for education ? istruzione
you are aware that we have already made considerable progress towards this goal , since the launch of the major pilot project to evaluate the quality of school education took place at the beginning of the 1997 academic year . over 100 secondary schools in 18 countries took part in this project . insegnamento
we cannot afford ourselves the luxury of 20 % , at the very least , of pupils being left by the wayside because they have not received the education they need to be able to do well in society . istruzione
ladies and gentlemen , together with the ministers for education , we are making these proposals on quality analysis to enable us to give this opportunity to all young people , because if they receive a high quality education then it is likely that they will be able to do well in society and be able to find a job . istruzione
that is why i would once again like to thank mrs sanders-ten holte , the rapporteur , as well as the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and all the members who have assisted us in this work .  
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0382 / 2000 ) by mrs de veyrac , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the application in the eu countries of the convention for the protection of the world cultural and natural heritage [ 2000 / 2036 ( ini ) ] istruzione
mr president , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport deserves our congratulations on its initiative to draft this report on how we can protect our cultural and natural heritage in the european union , as does the rapporteur for the ideas and measures which she recommends , the majority of which i agree with . istruzione
education and training in all professions involved in protecting , preserving and promoting cultural and natural heritage are also important , as are raising pupils ' and young people 's awareness and developing a movement of voluntary activities which can also make a decisive contribution . NULL
we certainly have nothing against " european cooperation in quality evaluation of school education " , but it is a well known fact that the quality of education depends on the resources made available to state schools . insegnamento
in order to move towards harmonisation in europe , we first need to align ourselves with the countries that allocate the most resources to education . scolastica
even in those countries , however , there is a tendency to cut back on the resources allocated to education and , more generally , to public services in favour of other budgetary expenditure , mainly aid and grants given to corporations or , rather , their owners . istruzione
this means that educational training in the field of information technology is also changing all the time . formazione
that is why the european union must respond in a coordinated and structured manner so as to guarantee that the best educational methods in the field of information technology are available to all our students . didattici
this will ensure a higher quality of education and will also ensure that a stronger foundation is laid to entice new information technology industries to be set up and located within the territories of the european union . istruzione
cooperation in the field of education has been a proven success within the european union in recent years . nel
i would strongly urge the education ministers from within the eu to put in place a system which eliminates any element of inequality with regard to the administration of the erasmus programme . NULL
since signing the oslo agreement , the european union and its member states have , to a great extent , subsidised the palestinian education system . scolastico
the eu is , among other things , providing aid to the palestinian education system . istruzione
the commission should contact in particular the ministers of health and education in the northern ireland assembly , ms de brun and mr martin mcguinness . istruzione
i mention that because we use education and health programmes to combat cancer and the anderstown news recently revealed the deep involvement of the ira in illicit cigarette smuggling . educativi
this means that people can take up residence in malmö and have access to health care , child care , education and everything else , at the same time as paying all their tax to the danish state . formazione
on 9 november 2000 the education council adopted its common position on this proposal . istruzione
we can do more on education and information . educazione
in an enlarged and more diverse union , clear and legally binding targets , as well as education and methods for measuring , monitoring and calculating results , become more and more important . formazione
efforts must be concentrated on providing support - moral , educational and financial . formazione
in this context , the opinion of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport seems to me highly appropriate when it states that young farmers are not a very homogeneous group . istruzione
the main objectives of the humanitarian aid are multi-sector care of refugees , feeding , education , health care for children and finally , public health , water and sanitation in the camps . istruzione
there is also the need to provide for the training and education of all these refugees , even though they are in an anomalous situation in their lives , precisely so that these years should not be wasted years . istruzione
therefore , not only is it essential to give humanitarian food aid , but education programmes and health programmes are also needed so that these tragic years for this people will not be wasted years but can be the starting point for better times and especially for the permanent reconciliation of the burundian people . istruzione
the state is functioning ineffectively in very many ways , especially in the finance and education sectors . istruzione
we were able to confirm this for ourselves during our visit to this still young country . we saw the widespread poverty and the problems facing health and education but also some possibilities that are opening up , such as initiatives arising from cooperation , which are taking place at every level , either under the auspices of the government or which are being implemented by ngos , the interesting use of microcredit , even though it benefits limited numbers of people , and the role and the particularly difficult situation of women . istruzione
it contains many important tasks of a not entirely pressing nature , such as providing education , monitoring elections or clearing mines . formazione
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , having been asked to give its opinion on this subject , did not wish to focus on aspects which fell within the remits of other committees . istruzione
we therefore chose to highlight the issues associated with education , training and information policies and the social and cultural life of young farmers . istruzione
we note that young farmers experience problems resulting from education and training that is often poorly suited to their needs . istruzione
the european union must encourage , through its socrates and leonardo programmes , measures to strengthen education and training facilities for young farmers in order to raise their skills to the required level . istruzione
in my view that makes it clear that road safety cannot be improved to the required level by individual , selective measures but only by a whole raft of measures , which include road user education , speed limits , alcohol limits , better road infrastructure , traffic control systems , improved vehicle safety standards , stricter checks on observance of road traffic rules and also constant assessment of vehicles on the roads . educazione
finally , there is the matter of education and the situation of children . istruzione
just as mrs schierhuber said , we need to have road safety education . educazione
it was not until the twentieth century that women acquired the right to access education , the sciences , the arts and paid employment and that they were finally recognised as beings with political rights . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , despite the fact that the number of women in education , employment and politics has increased and continues to increase , it is clear that there are still great problems and inequalities in the social sectors under discussion . istruzione
one important area we need to tackle is education and training . istruzione
so , right from the outset , when we are educating young people , we need to counteract these entrenched social images . educare
the first type of policy is mainstreaming equal opportunities in the economy and employment , in social systems and social protection and in education systems and the cultural identity of our societies . scolastici
we are in favour of mainstreaming measures in business , in public institutions , in education , training and culture . educazione
real participation by women cannot be achieved with quotas for their participation in institutions which fight against their interests and promote part-time work , the privatisation of health , welfare and education , longer working hours and a later retirement age . scuola
the report , quite rightly , points out that education is an essential tool in combating stereotypes and in equal training for children of both sexes from the earliest age . educazione
additionally , the rapporteur does not do justice to the principle of subsidiarity when he asks for community action in the field of education , technology and resources for the commission . istruzione
they must prove that they have adequate resources and , depending on the circumstances , produce either a document to certify that they have been accepted in an educational or research establishment , or a valid employment contract . didattica
i also want just briefly to ask whether the future debate will also cover all other policy areas in the european union which are important for regional growth - education , research and social policy - so that it is possible to make use of everyone ' s ability to get involved and contribute to regional growth . formazione
mr president , as draftsperson of the opinion of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport on the barcelona process , i would like to communicate some of the concerns and suggestions which have been unanimously approved in committee . cultura
at the same time we wish to draw attention to education . istruzione
we believe that if a mediterranean trade area does not deal with the issue of education , it will become an area of mediterranean colonisation . istruzione
therefore , the only way that there can be a social scheme capable of being incorporated into the business world and the western world is through education . istruzione
furthermore , the only way in which we can spread our ideas about human rights is by creating a better trained and better educated population . istruzione
we need to look to the internal social structures of the countries involved , the universities , the educational institutions , the museums , the cultural field , and society itself , so that we can rely on it for future development . educative
immigration , its causes and consequences - which are sometimes terrible and irreparable - business , agricultural and fishing exchanges , social , technical , educational and university exchanges , aspects of common development , such as those in the energy sector , and the essential democratising political aspects which the european union must promote in those countries all require the creation of new mechanisms and instruments which , in a decentralised fashion , would respond to these needs , which are local but which have widespread repercussions . formativi
if we continue drawing monthly payments from the special cash facility in order to meet the current administrative needs of the palestinian authority , including payment of civil servants ' salaries , education , health and other public services , funds will very soon run out . istruzione
on the other hand , i believe that we must be aware that we are faced with a national conflict , handed down from history , which has impregnated the education systems of some countries and has promoted hate amongst the younger generations , which means that we clearly cannot expect a magic solution and that we must confront the problem with perseverance . educativi
we would like to export our values , such as democracy , respect for human rights , education and tolerance . educazione
i want to make it clear that the commission rejects any attempt to use the educational system to promote intolerance or hatred . educativo
the commission has had nothing to do with textbooks and we deplore any promotion of intolerance particularly among young people and particularly through the education system . educativo
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0005 / 2001 ) by mrs o 'toole , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on new frontiers in book production : electronic publishing and printing on demand [ 2000 / 2037 ( ini ) ] istruzione
but all the member states should facilitate access for the young to books and encourage them to read during their education , because it is they who represent the future of the european union and there can be no future without books , be they in hard or soft copy . istruzione
digital technology can do nothing for culture and education unless it is accessible . istruzione
the e-learning initiative , which i launched in may of last year , relates to the infrastructure of the education system , because any future action in that field depends on a sound educational infrastructure . istruzione
the commission is also funding pilot projects and will continue to do so , especially under minerva , part of the socrates programme , which is devoted specifically to the use of technology in education and which , along with the leonardo programme for vocational education , is one of the cornerstones of our activity . istruzione
i am very receptive to the idea of discussing this with interested parties in the framework of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport with a view to finding the solutions that will best serve the interests of books , reading and cultural diversity . cultura
report ( a5-0005 / 2001 ) by mrs o ' toole , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on new frontiers in book production : electronic publishing and printing on demand [ 2000 / 2037 ( ini ) ] istruzione
i would like to recall the difficulties we had in agreeing the stability and growth pact here at all , and that there was a big question mark hanging over whether investment in education should be added to the budget deficit . formazione
the fact of the matter is that one in five people in this world do not have access to clean drinking water , primary health care or primary education . istruzione
it is of the utmost importance to our socialist group for the commission to actually take steps now in its work programme for this year in order to instruct the eu delegations in the regions , and our counterparts , with whom we jointly do business , as well as our own service . we also want the commission to make additional staff available for the purpose of acquiring expertise in health care and education , so that we can actually make rapid progress in this respect too . istruzione
in denmark , the country i come from , we have a very well developed tradition of youth and adult education , and this must not be interfered with . informazione
these principles comprise , firstly , remuneration for those who are entitled to remuneration for creative works and for new ideas ; secondly , the right of access to those works ; thirdly , the rights of libraries and other institutions , educational institutions in particular , to make use of these works for research purposes ; and fourthly the introduction of a number of exceptions to the copyright legislation to ensure that people with disabilities will not be unfairly discriminated against and to ensure that educational institutions can continue . istruzione
the exceptions which currently exist in article 5 mean that the generous provisions on exceptions that we have in the uk will continue to help vulnerable users and ensure that schools , libraries and research and education institutions can benefit from private copying . istruzione
the common position represents the views of an entire cross-section of diverging interests : the creative and artistic communities , the academic , educational and scientific communities and also consumer groups and bodies representing socially disadvantaged users . istruzione
are we right in our view that european added value can be created if actions in the member states are interlinked with community initiatives and with community education , training and further education programmes ? istruzione
action to bolster employment must focus too on where best to obtain added value , in other words , education and training , research , the adoption of new technology as a tool of growth and , in particular , as one of sustainable growth . istruzione
equality of education means that people must have the skills that are required for the jobs that are going to be available . istruzione
also fundamental are elements like education and training , business incentives and also public investment , essential for job quality . istruzione
we need more educated , suitably trained workers in all leading-edge sectors . istruita
another important point which i should like to highlight is the free movement of students , teachers , instructors and researchers , in order to strengthen the role of education in the nascent knowledge-based european society . istruzione
i would like to emphasise two points in particular : education policy in a knowledge-based society , which is incredibly important , and , as i have said , the significance of tackling the challenges with regard to demographic development right now . istruzione
secondly , there is the role of education and training . istruzione
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport was notified of the agreement only a few weeks before the negotiations with the american authorities . accordo
in the vote , we have also attached importance to no unnecessary restrictions being placed upon education , research and library work , two of the cornerstones of a modern democracy . istruzione
for the new programming period we must have new indicators that reflect the growing complexity of our societies and our regions ' economies : the unemployment rate , especially one referring to young women and the long-term unemployed ; a region ' s dependence on sectors in crisis , such as steel-making or fisheries ; a low level of worker qualification ; a lack of occupational training or education ; limited economic diversification ; the demographic situation ; poor penetration of new technologies ; or poor integration of women in society in the least developed regions , which is a istruzione
quantum leaps need to be made in education and training . istruzione
that is why all our demands are targeted at life-long learning and at restructuring the education systems along the right lines . istruzione
this means advances in innovation , education , training , liberalisation , and also adequate regulation , and of course the whole system of social protection . NULL
i can put it as brutally as today ' s media : 120 children die of cold , barefoot , in temperatures fifteen degrees below zero ; over 10 million , almost 11 million women survive without a right to health care , without a right to education , without a right to work , in subhuman conditions . istruzione
there even appear to be signs of changes to electoral law and to certain aspects of public administration and the classification of civil servants , the health system and higher education . insegnamento
macau does boast a sound education system but its economic dependence on gambling and textiles , and its failure to attract high-tech industries do not augur well for the future employment prospects of the young population . istruzione
if that implies that education and health might be covered without safeguards , this is an area of further concern . istruzione
i am sure members will recall that in the european parliament in 1999 , in our response to the approach to the millennium round , we made a specific demand that health and education be excluded from the revision of the gats . istruzione
it would therefore be inconsistent to include education and health in the eu / mexico agreement as sectors that could be liberalised . istruzione
if the european union wants to achieve this goal , then more investment in research , technological development , innovation and education is essential , both in the member states as well as at european level . istruzione
as well as the creation of a european research area , we also have need of a european educational area , since a dynamic knowledge-based economy , which was talked about so much in lisbon , requires not only high quality education at the same level in all member states , but also mobility amongst researchers and students . istruzione
greater harmony between higher education and researcher training is necessary as well . formazione
i am speaking today on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which unanimously adopted a report , part of which has been incorporated into the report by the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy ; i want to emphasise the word " part " . istruzione
let me conclude by saying that over and above the european research area , which i believe will be a structural component of the next framework programme , we will also have to create links between the research areas and the whole field of university education . universitario
we are moving away from a sort of information society hopefully to one of education , culture and values , and these guidelines really do speak of a european research area . informazione
it is a question of further liberalisation , a more favourable business climate and better education and further education . istruzione
these are the principles which must , in france , underlie the reform of the social welfare system and the educational system . educativo
this currently amounts to approximately eur 1 million for fuel and for educational and humanitarian programmes . istruzione
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport has called unanimously in its opinions on the various reports for care to be taken in all regulations on electronic communications networks and services so as to ensure that no conditions are attached to access which might , in the final analysis , have an adverse effect on the broad range of content . esame
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport also sees a need for harmonisation measures within the internal market , but in a wider sense than the commission , which wants to consolidate its powers here . istruzione
fourthly , it would be a very significant step if the member states that have benefited greatly from those auctions were prepared to boost demand by stimulating the need for 3g , for example in the field of e-governance projects , and to do more in areas such as education , in-service training of teachers , etc . istruzione
in december 1999 , the commission launched a draft directive on the right of family reunification which , among other matters , gives family members the right to immediate access to education , vocational training and employment . istruzione
if the essential tasks - maintenance of the rule of law , health care , education , infrastructure - are not effectively carried out , participation in the free-market economy is not really feasible . istruzione
it is our social task to try to make them operational and primary education and health care play a large part in this . istruzione
the underlying idea is that anyone who has no chance of basic education or health care in his own country , has no chance of personal development and therefore of getting a decent start . istruzione
the eu has a key responsibility , for example , in promoting access to education for all , especially girls . istruzione
in with practical ideas to promote real development : development of human resources , so that indigenous people acquire technical skills ; development of vocational skills for rural production , so that people can grow , harvest , process , package and sell their goods for added value with which they can then buy their education , health and homes ; building capacity through transfer of technology to smes , promoting use of sustainable energy , application of information technology , enhancing awareness of social education , health and human rights . istruzione
why is it , as mr gemelli asked , that there are more poor people , fewer educated people and new illnesses , and that the conditions of children , babies and women have deteriorated . scolarizzati
i should like to underline my vote in favour with a strong , loud call for the elderly and pensioners in europe to be granted free access to television channels , both public and private , without having to pay anything if they are not well-off , because television is a form of culture , education and also company for the elderly . istruzione
i therefore call upon the president to champion a protest to the israeli government and to ask mr solana to authorise an immediate intervention to bring about the reopening of the occupied territories and put an end to the collective punishments inflicted on the palestinian people , and to bring about the reopening of birzeit and its university and the restoration of this people 's right to education and life . studio
firstly , paragraph 22 on the question of services , calling for gatt agreements not to restrict the scope of the member states to approve rules which recognise the specific nature of the provision of public services , particularly in the areas of education , health and culture . istruzione
in the sectors related to government and to public services of health , education and culture , we must and we shall therefore safeguard our legislative prerogatives , our social and cultural identity and our high levels of consumer safety and protection . insegnamento
mr president , commissioner monti , as chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , it is my duty tonight to explain our motive for tabling this question . cultura
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank the chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , mr gargani , for clearly illustrating the question on a subject to which the commission , too , attaches the utmost importance . cultura
first of all - point one - the communication on information policy planned by the commission will be presented before the end of the summer and will then be presented to the interinstitutional committee , the parliamentary committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , of which you are chairman , mr gargani , and the parliamentary committee on budgets . cultura
the information is too centralised , it is all prepared in brussels and it is not directed at target groups according , for example , to gender , age , geographical considerations and the level of education of population groups . istruzione
young people should be put into education and adults given the opportunity to work as quickly as possible , so they can be seen as active and useful participants in society . scuola
the code of conduct is intended to ensure that the clubs offering training actually take proper charge of these young people and do not train them simply as sportsmen but offer them an all-round education and preparation for life , for of course not everyone who has received sports training will become football stars or even have a professional career in the game . formazione
i always have to consider aspects such as education , health and culture as well ; in other words , all the other components that are included in the treaty . istruzione
i would also like to thank commissioner reding and commissioner monti , who , this very morning , together with the italian sports writers ' association and the supporters ' association , allowed me to put forward the idea of establishing a european sports committee and maybe subsequently a european sports agency , which would have the task of promoting healthy sporting activity and dealing at european level with different issues related to culture , education , the free movement of persons , non-discrimination and the fight against violence , racism and doping . educazione
that is also why the european year of languages falls under the umbrella of education . istruzione
i very consciously placed this event within the sector including education , training , linguistic diversity and the learning of several languages , because this area affects most people . istruzione
as some of you have said - mr chichester and mr beysen , amongst others - the key is education and making people aware of how we must be really careful in using energy , because even though we may be able to pay for it there are certain costs beyond the price of the energy itself that we must never lose sight of . educare
the road to full employment and increased competitiveness encompasses financial and social reforms such as increased education and lifelong learning , greater equality and modernised social security , strong welfare and quality at work . istruzione
we must have educational establishments maintained by the state , but we also need private ones so that a competition situation may develop , based both on the students and the choice of different educational approaches . NULL
if confidence goes , the strong economy goes too , and who will then give us guarantees of better jobs , better education and greater social cohesion ? istruzione
the union must continue to implement uniform and rights-led programmes of education relating to new information technologies , so that all citizens of the union can be properly integrated into the workplace . istruzione
first , those who are unskilled and lack the necessary training or educational qualifications must be given new opportunities . istruzione
at the same time , raising quality within education through independent schools and increased competition is being thwarted - exactly contrary to the intentions in lisbon . scolastico
we need to step up efforts in education and training . istruzione
now more than ever , the member states need to get on and reform their education and training plans , which should be geared to the challenges of these new technologies and the increasing need for mobility . istruzione
but we must also back and reform our education systems so that the lack of expertise threatening us does not in fact become a reality . istruzione
the report , on the other hand , instructs the member states even on financial support , tax measures , education and immigration . istruzione
the explicit call for a more flexible labour market , a labour market that must have the necessary human capital with the best possible education and training to satisfy the demands of the international knowledge economy , which presupposes consistent investment in the fields of education and new technologies , is particularly important if we are to achieve the ambitious objective of becoming the locomotive of the world economy in this decade like the american economy was in the 1990s . formazione
here we have women who are denied access to employment and education and who are excluded from public life . insegnamento
what is also shocking is the complete neglect of the national health care system and of education by niyazov 's regime . educazione
in 1999 , the commission took steps to re-orientate its cooperation with zimbabwe in favour of social sector actions - health , education and aids , democracy and support to civil society . istruzione
such participation cannot depend on whether people have enough money to buy a top-of-the-range computer and use it for their children 's education . we must make absolutely sure to involve everyone . formazione
in the field of culture , we will have to fully support the enhancement of educational and professional skills . scolastiche
each member state of the european union is cutting the redistributed share of its expenditure in their budgets by sacrificing public services , hospitals , education , transport and by drastically limiting social expenditure so as to generate greater profits for large companies . istruzione
this control extends to many areas , as the eu budget is very substantial - it amounted to eur 84 billion in 1999 - and above all it covers a wide variety of activities , ranging from support for olive oil , nuts and school milk to student exchanges ; from the development of petrol-saving cars to space research or information on the euro , from support for educating women in africa to the restructuring of the fishing fleet or to food aid after an earthquake or after a civil war . istruzione
as mr blak 's resolution states in paragraph 8 , point 19 - and i thank him for this - when 880 million people world-wide lack any access to health services , just 1 % of the commission 's external assistance budget went to health in 1999 and we do not have any figures at all for education . istruzione
yes , quite clearly , when the community action plan in response to our parliamentary resolution on the 1998 discharge said : " since health and education will receive more emphasis , the implication is that a greater amount of financing than in the past would be dedicated to these sectors . " educazione
your so-called reservation against the output targets properly voted by parliament precisely to increase spending on basic health and education is contrary to the agreed budget . istruzione
when we see someone with a disability , instead of focusing on the disability , let us treat everyone as equal , focus on their ability and give them the tools of information , of training , of education and of opportunity to really show how much ability they actually have . istruzione
the report also stresses the need for a sense of responsibility with regard to equal treatment in the labour market , vocational training and education . istruzione
we must also overcome inequalities ; there are still inequalities between the member states and within the member states themselves , and the rapporteur and the committee on the environment remind us that these inequalities must be overcome , and place great emphasis on the ongoing training of doctors and health staff , but also on the health education and training of schoolchildren . istruzione
we shall raise standards of health in the european union , not by directives , but by research , education and the identification and dissemination of good practice . educazione
last wednesday , the commission adopted the elearning action plan , which lays down specific measures on teacher training and partnerships between educational establishments , companies and industries . scolastici
mr solbes mira , substantial public investment is necessary to meet the lisbon objectives , particularly on education and training , but also , for example , on transport and the rational use of energy . istruzione
what the previous government unfortunately failed to take into account was the question of higher education for these people and the need to resolve the problem of tetovo university . istruzione
in addition , there is a series of calls which go against the principle of subsidiarity , such as recommendations for school education programmes , quality standards applicable to health and training and further training . scolastici
finally , what is interesting is that the requirements of people with disabilities have been commercialised in all areas , e.g. in education , on the market for technical aids , in securing cheap labour etc . istruzione
as far as special education and training are concerned , apart from a few generally positive but non-binding proposals relating mainly to tertiary education , the text is based on the unscientific approach of placing pupils with disabilities in mainstream schools , ostensibly with a view to integrating them into society as a whole . NULL
all the integration approach does is to cut social spending , shift the financial burden onto the family and provide the disabled with a second-rate education . formativo
we have a duty not just to pontificate about rights , but to actively encourage access to education , training , employment and opportunity . istruzione
following the luxembourg charter on education for all , first priority should be given to parents where education is concerned , so as to give them the means of having a real choice , while respecting their family values and traditions . istruzione
and all the while , stockholm was busy setting specifications for social and education policy ! istruzione
as far as social and education policy per se are concerned , we should again abide strictly by the principle of subsidiarity and leave it to the member states to put flesh on the bones of these concepts . NULL
however , we know nothing about how this will work - nothing about how the system will be designed , nothing about quota systems or green cards , whether these openings and solutions are only to apply to those who are highly educated or whether they will also cover those with few qualifications . istruiti
many ldcs , such as zambia for example , where i was recently , are still spending twice as much on debt servicing as they are on health and education . istruzione
the effectiveness of its development policy is measured by practical action , and there are avenues which still need to be explored as a matter of urgency , such as debt cancellation , the need for urgent action to recognise the right of countries hit by aids to manufacture and sell the necessary medicines , the need for high-quality public education services to contribute to the crucial development of human capabilities , and the need to help these countries to become self-sufficient in food . formazione
at present , a sustainable debt is defined in the hipc initiative on the basis of non-documented sustainability values , and most of those countries that have obtained debt relief are spending more on debt repayment than on health and education . istruzione
as mr howitt mentioned , thematic cooperation must include education and the fight against poverty . istruzione
i hope that we shall be able to see a significant increase in the eu ' s contribution to high-quality education for women and girls . istruzione
so it is all the more incomprehensible that after the admirable way the kosovo crisis was handled , when the entire macedonian people , both slavic macedonians and albanians , genuinely accepted the refugees in a truly commendable way , that just at this moment when albanians are occupying key ministerial posts , when the law on higher education has been passed , when the fate of the university of tetovo has been resolved with assistance from us and with the help of other states through additional funding , and the academic year can actually start , that just at istruzione
there are federalistic solutions - and i refer to the case of belgium , for example , which invented the concept of community federalism , in which , for matters more directly related to the relationship between the citizens and their institution , which may include culture , education and even health , it would be possible to conceive of a federalism which would not bring about territorial division in macedonia but which would provide the substantial albanian minority with institutions to represent it too and , therefore , with autonomous control at least over the areas which concern it educazione
this assistance includes help for educational programmes , reconciliation schemes , the provision of shelters for refugees , constructing border crossing-points as well as supporting infrastructure projects such as the building of roads and the clearing of the danube river of pollutants . educativi
we have seen examples of the educational contribution made by catholic priests , particularly in the regions : the contribution of the church and of the local and regional press must be encouraged and supported . pedagogico
one of them features in article 6 and refers to the need to train and educate staff working for the competent authorities , staff that work in laboratories , people who rear animals and those who sell them . istruzione
i thus agree with the many speakers , headed by the rapporteur mr katiforis , who have shed light on the need for public investment in education , research , environmental improvements and the like . istruzione
if the member states , as well as the european institutions , stopped giving such huge amounts to large employers , the resultant savings would enable public services to be developed and would , at the same time , reduce unemployment through the consequent taking on of staff in public hospitals , transport and public education systems , whilst maintaining a surplus budget . istruzione
the aim is to provide highly advanced connectivity and services in europe 's national research and education networks at a level that allows them to play a leading role in cutting-edge research allowing the géant to involve from 2.5 gigabits to 10 gigabits per second and thereafter to 100 gigabits per second in the coming years . istruzione
this is the same local education authority that , until last week , was failing to provide any education or school places to 20 children in the same area . scolastico
will the president please write to the british government to clarify how this sits with the charter of fundamental rights of the european union , especially article 14 ( 3 ) , the right to education , which i believe specifically covers lucy payne 's case and the concerns of many other parents across northamptonshire . istruzione
this can only be done if the people are governed and educated in the majority language of their part of the country . educata
in northern europe these turn out to be people with low educational attainment and lower incomes . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the recommendation for second reading ( a5-0115 / 2001 ) , by mr evans , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the common position adopted by the council with a view to adopting a european parliament and council directive on mobility within the community for students , persons undergoing training , young volunteers , teachers and trainers [ 13258 / 1 / 2000 - c5-0029 / 2001 - 2000 / 0021 ( cod ) ] istruzione
as a result of this report we will be taking a few , albeit tentative , steps towards creating mobility for those in education , teachers , students , academics and others , so that they can actually move from one country to another within the european union , make that a reality and take a first step forward . istruzione
in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport the report was unanimously approved , and i should like to compliment the rapporteur , mr evans . cultura
this is a great day for education policy throughout europe . istruzione
the adoption of this recommendation must inevitably lead to greater mobility of students and others in education , and the mobility of students is of the utmost importance for the continued development of the european union . formazione
the more people that move to another country for a period - whether for education or for work purposes - the greater will be the understanding between our peoples at a human , cultural and professional level . studio
in this connection , it might be asked whether the eu ' s education programmes are adequate . istruzione
however , by continuing the debate on the recommendation , i think that we are nevertheless progressing along the lines proposed at the lisbon and nice summits , which recommended that education and training policies should play a major role in european economic growth and social renewal , and which therefore made mobility one of the key elements of those policies . istruzione
new technologies in tomorrow 's education istruzione
mr president , the report which i have drafted as rapporteur for the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport is based on a commission text published in january 2000 entitled " designing tomorrow ' s education : promoting innovation with new technologies " . cultura
one : the european union is not the driving force in the world here ; it is lagging a long way behind , especially behind the united states ; educational establishments are under-equipped in information and education technologies and , in this sense , we need to sound an alarm so that they go into top gear . insegnamento
four : it is important that we help to provide the means needed so that these technologies can be easily disseminated , which means cheaper access , special measures such as preferential charges , tax incentives for equipping educational establishments and intervention to reduce telecommunications prices , especially the cost of accessing the internet . insegnamento
five : we must not confine these technologies to primary , secondary and tertiary and traditional forms of education ; we must also consider adults , lifelong learning and all the people outside the formal education cycle and process , as well as taking account of the huge role of these technologies in combating unemployment . istruzione
nine : due to the rapid advances and changes in these technologies , we must study questions of budget , technological infrastructure and educational continuity . evolvono
mr president , i am sure across this house , and between parliament , the commission and the council , we all agree education is important . istruzione
president kennedy said of america : " our progress as a union can be no swifter than our progress in education . " istruzione
i am sure we also all agree that education 's prime responsibility lies with , and within , the member states . istruzione
we should not forget that prime responsibility for education rests with students and scholars themselves . istruzione
the very existence of this debate shows that in the european parliament , and indeed with the commission and the council , we have been pushing for more attention to be paid to the role of europe in education . istruzione
the prosperity of our continent depends upon the level of education offered to our citizens . istruzione
i am sure that with commissioner reding and her team future commission activity in response to the increased priority for education agreed at the lisbon and stockholm summits will be better than that detailed in my report . istruzione
can we ask the member states to insist that nobody goes into higher education , unless they have a qualification in a modern language other than their own ? istruzione
we support , of course , educational exchanges of erasmus , socrates and so on in the european educational institute in florence , but not enough students get the opportunity to experience europe . erasmo
a correct interpretation of the principle of subsidiarity : the e-learning action plan has succeeded in finding a niche in the sensitive debate on the use made by the states of their national education systems , demonstrating that the term ' european educational area ' is a realistic , positive concept in which we must have confidence without fear of undermining the cultural identities of our countries . istruzione
in any case , before turning to any specific aspects , i am anxious to thank the commission , particularly commissioner reding and her collaborators , for their willingness to help , and the members of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , the committee on budgets and the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities for their extremely valuable contributions in recent months . cultura
well then , if we do not now place european teachers in a position to make proper , realistic use of new technologies , we will be turning them into pseudo-virgils , that is virgils who will not be capable of guiding dante - the dante who is each of their pupils - along the path which will lead him to purification and knowledge , because they do not have access to the new metaphors , the new structures , the new digital technologies that can provide an educational system which is , at last , free from the constraints istruzione
we will have to find a way to explain why this progression is necessary within the union 's education systems and how very necessary it is . educativi
in this major debate on education we have added a question to the commission and the council - unfortunately the council is unable to be present - because we believe that now , when everyone is suddenly talking about a european educational area , the european parliament that has always talked about it and fought for it , but which has always been blocked by the council of ministers , cannot simply look on while it , the elected representative of the citizens , is bypassed in matters which are very important and which we have been advocating for a NULL
so i hope that the heads of government , having realised that education is tremendously important in the european union , far more important than many still think , will spend more money on it . istruzione
( nl ) mr president , madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i expect i am stating the obvious when i say that education and training are becoming increasingly important in a modern knowledge economy , if we in europe are to continue to compete with industrialised parts of the world . istruzione
firstly : in education more attention should undoubtedly be paid to training in information technology both for pupils and for teachers . istruzione
we still lag far behind the united states as regards the use of information potential in education and business . istruzione
in the light of recent job losses across europe , retraining and education will be even more important in helping to adapt the skills of workers to enable them to find new jobs . istruzione
through informal and non-credited learning it can also be a very effective way of involving both adults and young people in the most disadvantaged areas , who are those most threatened by social exclusion and poverty but who often have very negative attitudes towards formal education and so are least likely to benefit from it . istruzione
i hope future reports will be more positive and can be useful tools in themselves for those working in education . istruzione
i should like to thank mr gargani , who is represented today by mrs doris pack , for his oral question concerning the specific future objectives of our education and training systems . istruzione
she said that the european parliament was the originator of every campaign to ensure that education is something other than a regional and national element and to ensure not only that the european dimension of education should be a matter for discussion , but that its beneficial effects should be recognised . istruzione
it is true that the european council in lisbon asked the education council , and not the commission , to give general thought to the specific future objectives of our education systems and to submit a report to the european council in spring 2001 . istruzione
the heads of state and government took the decisions at the european summit in stockholm , on 23 and 24 march 2001 , on the basis of the text adopted by the education council on 12 february . istruzione
the next education council , due to take place on 29 november 2001 , is already preparing for the barcelona summit . istruzione
under the spanish presidency , and therefore in the very near future , before the barcelona summit , there will be another meeting of the education council . istruzione
firstly , i should like to say that the ambitious goal socrates has pursued for years , the creation of a european educational area , is now almost reality - and i hope it will soon be embodied in the texts . istruzione
the council , the councils of feira , lisbon , stockholm and now also of nice , have stressed the importance and role of education and training in society and for the knowledge society . istruzione
i should like to underline that today education and training are , first of all , the european union ' s most important political priorities ; secondly , they are a political challenge and an economic challenge , because we all know that without education and training we cannot offer young people training places . istruzione
then it is always the commission or parliament or whoever that come in for criticism , but never the people who with great pomp and ceremony announce to the great councils how important training and education are . istruzione
the european union has , in fact , always been mean in the budgets for education . istruzione
my fourth point is this : in view of the debate on enlargement and the forthcoming intergovernmental conference , we need our work in this european union to be genuinely visible , we need a european educational area that is visible to the citizen . istruzione
we need the directives , we need ambitious objectives , we need measures , we need action programmes , with their own funding , of course , and if we do all that in education , then we shall not need so many commission and parliament information campaigns any more because we shall have reached the citizen where he is . formazione
the fact that today we are holding here this combined debate on the new technologies and mobility in education , shows that the european union is really willing to work seriously towards this and in so doing we underline that importance . istruzione
one final point i should like to raise is : in the report on the future objectives of education and educational systems , there are extensive references to the use of ict . istruzione
although it was agreed in stockholm that in education and other fields the method of open coordination would be used , it testifies to a great lack of democracy and transparency if that implies that the council sends the reports to member states without parliament having any say . istruzione
mr president , teaching and learning for a knowledge-based society , a citizens ' society , european added value and other similarly pompous expressions of dubious import are sprinkled liberally through the reports under discussion in a bid to conceal the real substance of the reactionary , anti-educational reforms of the education systems advocated in the white paper . istruzione
in greece , huge demonstrations by students , pupils and teachers against this reactionary policy to dumb down education have given rise to an explosive situation , rectors have resigned and universities have been occupied or even closed . istruzione
the trend towards mass education in the 60s , 70s and 80s has now been replaced by a new model in keeping with the latest demands of big business , which wants a constant supply of cheap , semi-skilled labour and a small , highly-qualified elite . massificazione
educational establishments are called on to become more responsive to fast changes on the job market . istruzione
abandoning wider subjects and , in general terms , a wider education in favour of skills which will make them employable deprives children - especially children from working class homes - of the rudimentary knowledge they need in order to function as active , thinking citizens and , as factors of social progress . istruzione
big business is trying to penetrate education , mainly in the aim of creating new profitable business activities , witness the reference to the famous link between schools and companies . istruzione
mr president , the people of the european union must fight and overturn this anti-educational policy , they must secure their basic right to a free , high-quality , universal state education which is sensitive both to the productive requirements of each country and to individual vocations and talents . istruzione
mr president , i would firstly like to congratulate the commission , the college of commissioners and , especially , mrs reding , for the work they are doing to break down the barriers caused by restriction and the principle of subsidiarity , with a view to creating joint programmes which move beyond this very concrete world in which the education system is developing . educativo
culture and education are the main victims , since they become confined within their own borders . istruzione
furthermore , the principle of subsidiarity is being wrongly interpreted and , in my judgment , is largely being distorted by states and many regions which use it to increase their own power and - it must be said - to enable the state apparatus to exercise control over thought and the education system . istruzione
of course the state must provide free education for all , but it must not exercise absolute control . istruzione
well , in education we are endeavouring to prevent our cultural knowledge from travelling beyond the border and the result is clearly a broken and fragmented project . istruzione
is it not strange that we should be debating education here and do not breathe a word about the bologna declaration on the eve of the prague summit . istruzione
what is the debate when we are discussing education ? istruzione
i wish that the education ministries in all the member states would toil over a number of concrete objectives in order to convert them into policy , then we would have a true european educational area . istruzione
i am scarcely , if ever , addressed as an mep on european educational policy , except in respect of bologna . istruzione
i would ask you urgently , commissioner , to take joint responsibility with us for it , because the bologna declaration is not just about a number of concrete objectives , but also about the democratisation of education and lifelong learning . istruzione
having no direct jurisdiction over education in the member states , how will the commission ensure that these goals are being met and that member states ' governments will provide schools with the necessary equipment to realise these aims ? istruzione
it is equally important to make training and education in the information society available to all individuals throughout their lives to realise job opportunities and for personal development as well . istruzione
secondly , education , as this example also shows , is not an end in itself , but education from school to lifelong learning to catering for the new stage in life that is old age is the prerequisite for achieving our goal of a knowledge-based economy that is number one in the world . formazione
education policy is therefore the key to the success of economic policy . istruzione
education policy is the prerequisite for today ' s young people holding their own on tomorrow ' s labour market and for our fulfilling our role as europe in worldwide competition . istruzione
the ethical question of their benefit is , like their handling , an important task for educational policy . istruzione
for that reason it is natural that education should play a prominent role in the union ' s strategy . istruzione
good social policy will not prevent exclusion if the issues of equality of education and its high quality are ignored . istruzione
investing in education and its availability will mean that the human resources that exist will be made effective use of . istruzione
at the same time , education should help young people and adults too to discover their strengths and to achieve success . istruzione
in february the eu ministers for education adopted a report on the concrete objectives of educational systems in the member states . istruzione
although education is covered by the principle of subsidiarity , not only does improved competitiveness need to be taken into greater consideration in the educational policy of different countries but also the point of view of individuals . istruzione
european educational policy must be developed in such a way that it supports the movement of union citizens and their mutual interaction . istruzione
mr president , it seems to me that we have overlooked the obvious in the procedures applied to the subject of the future objectives of education systems and to a previous subject , i.e. the quality of school education based on indicators . educativi
what we have overlooked is the enormous interest of the committee on culture and education in these matters , which will be crucial over the next decade and which are crucial to the future of europe . cultura
as you know , the european parliament closely monitors and supports every single initiative and action on the part of the commission , be it e-learning , student mobility , language learning or the quality of education systems . istruzione
we feel that the open coordination method proposed in lisbon will help to promote the numerous new ideas needed in europe in order to improve education and flexibly promote best practices . istruzione
mr president , in europe today , education has increased in importance beyond all recognition . istruzione
that is why it is important at this juncture in the european parliament that when we speak about education we make sure that it is all-inclusive . istruzione
of course , we must pay due attention to people who are at present within the formal education system , and improving the erasmus and the escola programmes and other similar programmes is vitally important . istruzione
so , over the next ten years - as my colleague has said - the area we should focus on is ensuring that people now in middle age are given the tools of knowledge , information and education in order to be able to live in the altered world which will be coming about . istruzione
on the recognition of educational qualifications , i am well aware that much remains to be done , but the system of credits within universities has started to work . da
with regard to investment in education , this is an area in which i would let subsidiarity prevail , and i share the regrets of those members who say that fine words should be followed up with budgetary resources . istruzione
the commission can encourage , it can push , it can come up with ideas , but when it comes to implementation on the ground , that is up to the ministers for education , not to mention the trades unions and the social partners . istruzione
i should like to draw your attention , ladies and gentlemen , to the studies made of the quality of primary and secondary education . istruzione
could you have imagined , in 1995 , that ministers would ever have agreed to let strangers come and check up on their quality levels in education ? insegnamento
they are not intended to replace national education , but rather to solve social problems , and the results are excellent . istruzione
as you know , from now on education ministers will be taking part in debates on social issues , on the same footing as ministers for social affairs and ecofin . istruzione
the views of the education ministers have been expressed in the demands they have addressed to the european council . istruzione
exchanging scientific information , enhancing the services provided by libraries , creating an accessible european educational network and specific services , these are all essential measures to combat social exclusion . insegnamento
on this subject i should like to quote a phrase used by mr rocard , the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs , when he reiterated the argument that a radical reorganisation of education is called for in terms of physical space , time and substance . insegnamento
though policy decisions have to be taken by those who are responsible for policy-making , the implementation of those decisions could well be the result of interaction between the knowledge of the private sector and the educational knowledge of the public sector . pedagogico
specific projects implemented under our socrates and leonardo programmes have generated many of the features that we are now finding in our education systems . educativi
of course we need stability , but , as you well know , we also need more extensive investments in education and science . istruzione
chancellor brown , no doubt with the general election of 7 june in mind , decided to promise considerable increases in public spending , particularly on health and education , threatening , without tax rises , to breach the stability and growth pact agreements and to raise the proportions spent by the public sector beyond the desirable current 38 % level of gdp . istruzione
let me therefore re-emphasise that , compared with other regions of the world , we invest too little in research and development and in education and training , and even in the realm of infrastructural investments , which this house has so often commended and demanded , we are still lagging behind . istruzione
i strongly support the implementation of broader educational programmes designed to prevent young people from taking up smoking . educativi
this offers educational opportunities and encourages people to take on active role in society across europe . istruzione
such a scheme can inspire civic values , is highly educational and an excellent advertisement for the european union among its most important citizens , the young . educativo
new technology in european education should not create a fresh divide between the national languages and a privileged language of communication . istruzione
even today , it is still a requirement for education and government to be in the citizen ' s own language in all the regions where the language border does not coincide with the country ' s border , or with the internal borders of autonomous regions . istruzione
education falls within the competence of the member states and we reject any attempt to change this established fact . istruzione
to call this division of responsibilities into question is to support the increasing array of liberal-market choices appearing in education issues . istruzione
on the other hand , information and ict technologies must support the right to common , public education for all , which is of a high level and good quality . istruzione
financial investment in this area will not achieve this if all the funds ploughed into education for the last 15 years are also drastically reduced . istruzione
the issue of new technologies and their application in education naturally generates considerable interest and is extremely important . istruzione
we urgently need to redistribute work by devising every possible means of shortening employees ' working hours , to ensure that everyone who earns an income from employment is integrated on an equitable basis into national insurance and pension schemes , to show greater commitment to education and training and to alter the course of public investment policy . istruzione
information , education and health promotion are critical in the fight against under-age binge drinking , as are health promotion policies targeted at children , parents , teachers and carers , better labelling on alcohol products , integration of adolescent policies . educazione
townhill primary school in dunfermline , where i live , summed up the need for more education when it found that most children in the class were not aware of the health and social problems associated with alcohol misuse . educazione
in conclusion , the need for joint action on education and research is critical in the fight against binge drinking by children and adolescents . educazione
such warnings would not constitute consumer education ; they would be more likely to confuse or even mislead consumers . informazione
whether a ban on sponsorship would actually have an educational impact is a moot question . pedagogica
i think that we should stick to the proposed approach which is , at this stage , to intensify health promotion and education efforts and to bring the producers and retailers to act responsibly . educazione
next , improving access to and quality of education and finally putting the case for children 's rights and training law enforcement officials and judicial authorities . istruzione
we are trying to deal with poverty , insufficient education and training , insufficient institutional capacity to apply national laws even where they exist . istruzione
the association agreement currently under negotiation with algeria sets out among the priorities in the social and cultural field the promotion of the role of women in economic and social development and the improvement of women 's access to education and training . istruzione
for 2001 we are preparing an education and health infrastructure rehabilitation project and a vocational training reform programme . istruzione
given that greece also has a very high level of unemployment , almost non-existent provision for training and the lowest education spending in the eu , factors which are directly linked to poverty , does the commission consider that it is possible meaningfully to address the basic causes of poverty merely by giving social assistance to the poor ? istruzione
we should also remember that , with regard to the use of structural funds and in particular in relation to the european social fund , there are also certain specific measures for combating poverty and social exclusion , and in this respect some of the operative programmes for greece and also some of the regional programmes include measures on employment , education , health and welfare . istruzione
the problem is not so much about access as about supply-side constraints , about issues concerning infrastructure , education and training . istruzione
in conclusion i am gratified that our text on the need throughout the whole region for education geared to tolerance and mutual respect , has found support in other groups . istruzione
children and adolescents are particularly receptive to the messages transmitted to them and the appropriate educational action could therefore produce practical results . pedagogia
the fight against alcoholism among minors should be based on education towards healthy living , information , persuasion and the active participation of the producers and retailers of alcoholic products . educazione
and then , just when we have important ministers of albanian origin with important portfolios , just when a real solution has been found to the question of albanian education and the problem of tetovo university , at that precise moment , hostilities break out . istruzione
thirdly , more certainly needs to be done in the area of education and training . istruzione
in that declaration , parliament calls on the council and the commission to strengthen their efforts to promote education , remembrance and research about the holocaust , to encourage the study of the holocaust in all its dimensions , to encourage appropriate forms of holocaust remembrance , including an annual european day of holocaust remembrance , and to take all the necessary steps to facilitate the opening of archives to ensure that all documents bearing on the holocaust are available to researchers . insegnamento
with regard to the issue of educating people about the holocaust and raising their awareness of it , i would just remind mr sacrédeus of the answer which was given to a written question from mr colom i naval in march 2000 and which i know that you too have had the opportunity to study . lennart
those member states which are involved in the international working party to promote remembrance , education and research in connection with the holocaust have followed the recommendations of the committee of government representatives and representatives of voluntary organisations , to the effect that annual days of holocaust remembrance should be established on a unilateral and national basis . insegnamento
the transatlantic agenda reveals the special interest that exists in an in-depth agreement between the usa and the european union on the major world economic issues , as is particularly evident in relation to monetarist and neo-liberal policies , policies of centralisation and concentration of wealth and exploitation of workers and peoples , showing greater concern for issues of interest to economic groups and multinationals and neglecting social issues , including health and education , the environment , development and cultural diversity . istruzione
we must not , however , forget the great opportunities we have : research is expanding , we have an increasing focus on education and lifelong learning , skills are growing and being passed on , new technology is being developed , efficient solutions are becoming more common , the problems within agriculture and fishing are breeding new ideas and new solutions and political will is strengthening . istruzione
research , education , democracy and participation are all preconditions for taking joint responsibility . istruzione
third , the external budget is constantly underspent while those in need suffer poverty , malnutrition , hunger , disease , underdevelopment and loss of education and life-quality opportunities . istruzione
with regard to the content given to the principle of discrimination i am grateful to the rapporteur that my amendment , which was intended to broaden the concept by including alongside the workplace admission to work and to a profession , as well as the training and education which lead to a position , was immediately accepted . istruzione
it is completely intolerable that even today in many sectors , even in the public sector , the average earnings of women are lower than those of men with equivalent education and experience . studi
old-fashioned and artificial structures must not be allowed to impede an individual ' s professional , educational or career development or personal growth , irrespective of their gender . carriera
there is the important problem of information , which several speakers have already touched on ; the information which jobseekers need to be given on their rights , labour market conditions , accommodation , their children 's education , their pension rights and the facility to transfer their rights if they return home . scuola
this brings us to issues of education and training within the family . formazione
these are primarily the most important government bodies , but also education and health care could become far more efficient by using the new technologies . istruzione
also , it is , in fact , absurd to talk about technological development and the information society in countries where even the most basic education infrastructure is not in place , especially outside the capitals . scolastica
therefore , the success of globalisation requires these isolated areas to be linked to the rest of the world as well as a real investment in the education and health of their inhabitants . istruzione
this foundation is a guaranteed right for everyone to have a basic education and a worthwhile existence . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0122 / 2001 ) by mr aparicio sánchez , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the commission report to the council , the european parliament and the economic and social committee on the implementation of council regulation ( eec ) no 3911 / 92 on the export of cultural goods and council directive 93 / 7 / eec on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a member state ( com ( 2000 ) 325 - c5-0509 istruzione
the debate in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport on the implementation of the regulation on the export of cultural goods and the directive on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a member state was wide-ranging and exhaustive , although the absence of a direct personal contribution by the commissioner responsible for culture , mrs viviane reding , was regretted , as were the gaps and inconsistencies in the report from the directorate-general for education and culture . cultura
mr president , it is clear from both the commission communication and the report by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport that some member states are unwilling to apply the regulation on the export of cultural goods and the directive on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed . cultura
report ( a5-0122 / 2001 ) by mr aparicio sánchez , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the report from the commission to the council , the european parliament and the economic and social committee on the implementation of council regulation ( eec ) no 3911 / 92 on the export of cultural goods and council directive 93 / 7 / eec on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a member state [ com ( 2000 ) 325 - c5-0509 / 2000 - istruzione
you are already committing an offence if you give your children sex education , if other people can see your children naked or if the children can see their parents naked . nudi
we see the development of an external service as an instrument to strengthen the eu 's foreign policy , although of course we still have to educate our national services in some respects . educare
this is particularly true of operations aimed at improving the education and health of afghan women . istruzione
madam president , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport takes a positive view of the commission ' s draft directive and the sensible report by mr harbour , whom i congratulate . istruzione
i feel that it would be appropriate if , without introducing unwanted censorship , cultural programmes were also to be made which would be educational for viewers and serve the community as a whole , so that we had something to watch other than violent films and spectacles which do nothing but destroy the values that the elderly still have but which young people , i regret to say , have lost . istruzione
usually , ngos also provide their female patients with elementary hygiene education . istruzione
this kind of programme entails the participation of women from a variety of socio-economic classes , from educated to illiterate women , each using their knowledge and / or all manual abilities . colte
clearly , for many afghans - women and men , educated and uneducated - the activities we support are a valuable , and by and large the only , form of assistance . colti
the only way to proceed is , naturally , prevention with a mixture of support initiatives for those already affected and preventive initiatives , partly in the form of information and education and partly in the form of efforts to find a vaccine . informazione
protection of minorities through safeguards against discrimination , access to education in minority languages and preservation of minority cultures have always been an important element of eu conditionality in our relations with croatia . istruzione
what perhaps is just as vital as this need for rapid communication and coordination is for citizens to be trained and educated to protect themselves . autoprotezione
it is a political project and not just a financial product and i therefore believe that we should involve education policy , small and medium-sized enterprises and consumers more in information policy . formazione
does the commissioner agree that this will lead to the revolution we have been pressing for , with a shift away from a concentration on initial education and training towards continuing training and lifelong learning ? istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mrs niebler has done a brilliant job with this very difficult subject , which i had to deal with on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . cultura
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , whose unanimous opinion i am presenting here , has , amongst other things , considered how it can be guaranteed that adequate transmission capacity is reserved for content addressed to the general public . NULL
the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy has not entirely taken on board the views of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport in this respect , as we would have wished , but it does recognise the principle of freedom of speech , and this is a key reason why we are willing to vote for the report as it stands . istruzione
in order for there to be genuine freedom to speak one ' s own language , we must ensure that new generations are educated in that cultural context , that the traditions and history of that minority are included in school curricula . educate
when we have still not been capable of laying the foundations of genuine integration , which include education , housing , healthcare and the mutual respect for our cultures , there is still much to be done in the field of immigration and asylum . istruzione
this also applies to the right of children to education . istruzione
however , i regret that mr wuori ' s report does not refer to the situation of one of the most violated fundamental rights and the most forgotten : the right to education , to receiving essential basic training as a means for escaping the underdevelopment and poverty which so many children and adults are condemned to living in because they are not guaranteed this fundamental right . istruzione
in fact , according to unicef data , 130 million children have never been to school and a further 150 million have started primary education but have left it before becoming fully literate . scuola
does a child born in poverty have the human right to receive basic education and appropriate vaccines to protect him from killer diseases ? istruzione
i urge every colleague concerned with human rights to visit , unannounced and informally , any peasant in any poor country and ask him about our views on human rights , political freedom , economic freedom , religious freedom , free access to education and health services . istruzione
this has already happened in the case of the informal tourism council which took place last weekend in bruges , and it will also happen in the case of the education and scientific research councils , and some of the other councils too . istruzione
theoretically , the g8 governments are committed to achieving the un development targets by 2015 , including universal primary education . istruzione
over a year ago , at the world education forum in dakar , those same governments promised that no country serious about achieving education for all should fail for lack of resources . istruzione
due to a lack of political commitment , the international agreements , such as universal access to primary education and basic health care by 2015 , will not be achieved . istruzione
even in 2001 , 130 million children never attend school and another 150 million children start primary education only to stop it before they can read and write . frequentarla
most of all it has ensured the presence of the international community in the delicate transition from humanitarian aid to long-term development - a point raised by mr deva - by rebuilding homes and schools , ensuring access to drinking water and irrigation , improving health and education services , setting up credit facilities and restoring economic activity . scolastici
as far as content is concerned there should be especial emphasis on the fact that as regards free access to education for all children and guaranteed health care provision , binding agreements should be made . istruzione
the minimum to be demanded at the conference in september is every child ' s right to education , every child ' s right to leisure , and every child ' s right to be informed of his or her rights . istruzione
the parents who , like their children , never received an education , are by definition the people who are living in poverty and debt . istruzione
the rugmark foundation is helping children whose parents work in carpet factories to obtain educational qualifications . istruzione
while there is no specific community competence in children 's matters , the european commission recognises children as a particularly vulnerable group within the overarching policy focus on poverty and vulnerability , and the concerns about children as well as about human rights and gender issues are an integral part of our development policy objective of poverty eradication , especially in social sectors such as education and health . istruzione
now it is my turn to repeat myself and to say that i will keep repeating this here : abolish the third world debt , enable men and women to live in dignity at last and assign this money to education and health , which are at the very basis of this country ' s resurgence - this is what is important . istruzione
they have no education , no access to health care , no employment and no shelter . istruzione
the commission shares the european parliament 's view that south africa / eu cooperation should seek to redress the existing inequalities inherited from the apartheid era and to work to improve the living conditions of the population with programmes targeting employment , health , education and housing . istruzione
the answer again is no , and i confirm that generations of young palestinians continue to receive education instilling martyrdom and hatred , which is funded by the european commission . educazione
i maintain all that i said about education in palestine . istruzione
as one of the leaders and front runners for enlargement , it has proved itself capable of throwing off the yoke of totalitarian communism and building a new market-based economy , creating new opportunities in education , improving its infrastructure and industrial capacity and developing its tourism and agriculture . istruzione
it is worth noting that by june 2001 malta had closed negotiations on over 17 different chapters , including important issues ranging from education and training to telecommunications , fisheries and consumer protection . istruzione
however , it is clear that education remains within the competence of the member states . istruzione
one of the things i noticed throughout the acp-eu partnership debate was the lack of emphasis on education . istruzione
the importance of education cannot be underlined enough . istruzione
it is extremely important that , in the tackling of poverty reduction , education is given a high priority . istruzione
we will continue road building - big roads , small roads - but education and health are the next two items on the list of priorities . istruzione
we will be continuing a high-intensity effort on education . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0281 / 2001 ) by mr ruffolo , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on cultural cooperation in the european union [ 2000 / 2323 ( ini ) ] . istruzione
we desperately need to draft a common cultural policy and common education policy if we are to rekindle the soul of europe , which has been choked by economic expediency and covered in a thick layer of bureaucratic dust at all levels , regional , local , national and even european , for far too long . istruzione
the fundamental concern of these citizens today is that their children receive a pluralist and open education in their schools ; that they may safely walk the streets of their towns ; that they may be able to publicly express what they think ; that they may be able to exercise their right to a free vote ; that they may be able to hold a position representing their people , without endangering their lives or those of their families . formazione
in addition to these measures , it also makes a great deal of sense to prevent terrorism through education , social and other policies to encourage citizens , especially young people , to value dialogue and reject all forms of violence . formative
report ( a5-0281 / 2001 ) by mr ruffolo , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on cultural cooperation in the european union ( 2000 / 2323 ( ini ) ) istruzione
to achieve this , member states must continue to conduct education and social policies that aim to combat all forms of social , economic and cultural exclusion . formative
were they all able to receive an education that suited their abilities ? studi
in around thirty chapters , from agriculture to taxation , via the environment , smes , education and transport , the laws of the candidate countries , their administrations , their sociologies and even their morals are being closely examined with a police-style scrutiny that must remind these former countries suffused with a proletarian morality of heavy-handed practices that have still not been forgotten . istruzione
one in five people who live in this global village still have no access to education or health care . istruzione
however , according to the latest eurostat figures , there is a growing fear that a lot of people will use this opportunity to increase the prices of goods and services and that this will mainly hit the most vulnerable groups of consumers such as the elderly , the young , the poorly educated , immigrants and the mentally handicapped . istruzione
we should think about the type of education and training we can offer in this field , e.g. at colleges of higher education and through university departments . formazione
in conclusion , i do believe that work needs to be done to educate and inform citizens of their right to petition , because this is one of their rights . educazione
with regard to the impact of this situation on development cooperation , we hope to be able to maintain the programmes that the community funds in zimbabwe , particularly in the health and education sectors , given the humanitarian and social nature of these programmes , in order not to penalise the population , which is already being heavily affected by the economic crisis . istruzione
basic education in developing countries istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5 ­ 0278 / 2001 ) by mrs kinnock , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , on basic education in developing countries in the context of the united nations general assembly special session on children in september 2001 [ 2001 / 2030 ( ini ) ] . istruzione
let me set out what the targets are : free and compulsory education for all , halving adult illiteracy by 2015 , eliminating gender disparities in primary and secondary schools by 2005 and extending learning opportunities for adults and young people and improvements in the quality of education provided . istruzione
in these schools too the quality of their education is often affected by the fact that they are not taught in their own language . istruzione
developing countries themselves take insufficient interest in the importance of education . istruzione
i would like to hear how he intends to improve coordination of the national indicative programmes for cotonou and about our involvement in the steering committee working on education in africa . istruzione
meeting the target of universal primary education looks extremely difficult . istruzione
i would like to know from the commission how its work in trying to achieve these targets includes ngos and civil society and all those people who are involved in the global education campaign . istruzione
according to the global education campaign , the targets on education would require usd 8 billion a year . istruzione
i believe that the proposals in this report , together with the resolution which we approved at the last part-session in july , represent the best contribution this parliament could have made to the united nations general assembly special session on children , because there is no question , unfortunately , that education is still the great unresolved issue within development cooperation , despite the formal declarations and the commitments given at the various international conferences which have addressed this issue . istruzione
the conviction that , by not dealing vigorously with the issue of education in the developing countries , we will not only fail to eradicate poverty , but that the gap between the rich and poor countries will increase , has certainly led us to place education at the centre of the global strategy for eradicating poverty . istruzione
in this respect , we have to recognise that the dakar conference on education for all represented a great step forward , but it is a step which will take us nowhere if action is not taken and if , in accordance with the decisions at dakar , we do not quickly adopt a concrete world initiative directed towards creating strategies and mobilising the resources required to provide effective support for the efforts made on a national level - as one of the dakar commitments states . istruzione
the european union , as the main donor and insofar as it has made solidarity and the defence of human rights an essential dimension of its international action , has the responsibility to promote these strategies in close coordination with the other donors , including the monetary fund and the world bank and with the participation of civil society and , with them , policies aimed at overcoming the obstacles which deny children access to a quality education . istruzione
and the european union has the moral and political obligation to provide the financial resources necessary to achieve free education for all between now and 2015 . istruzione
however , achieving this objective will also require us to urgently either cancel or restructure the debts of the developing countries in exchange for the funds made available as a result being directed to education programmes . istruzione
it will require making the developing countries themselves responsible and encouraging them , through persuasive measures if necessary , to fulfil the commitments given in dakar and to give absolute priority to education . istruzione
above all , it will require an increase in financial contributions and the allocation of at least 8 % of official aid to development and to basic education , in line with the views of the people promoting the campaign for education for all . istruzione
i will end by saying that only in this way will it be possible for millions of children to exercise their fundamental right to education , an education which will allow them to open the doors to progress and one day become free men and women . istruzione
the text gives figures which are often so scandalous that they should provide little comfort for our consciences , because , at the end of the day , they demonstrate the incoherence of almost all of us who believe that the education of children is important for the success of any development process . istruzione
there are plenty of declarations recognising that child education in the under-developed world is one of the main conditions if those countries are to be able to begin to free themselves from the situation of justice and backwardness they are in . NULL
incoherence and irresponsibility on the part of the developed countries which , despite their promises , have not only failed to increase their programmes in favour of education and care for children in the developing world , but in fact have reduced their efforts in that area . istruzione
and incoherence and irresponsibility on the part of the countries of the south which , apart from very few exceptions , are still neglecting the education of their youngest citizens in the face of other priorities such as military expenditure which , in the majority of cases , is still above what is invested in education . istruzione
what does the practice of education in the developing countries teach us ? istruzione
above all , that good primary education is still far from being granted the priority status that it deserves . istruzione
good , free education is essential for development . istruzione
up to now , the european union has paid far too little attention to education . istruzione
the cause for the shortfall in educational facilities lies not only with the donors . istruzione
it is outrageous that in africa twice as much money should be spent on military equipment as on education . istruzione
the basic rights of children will only be respected if adults draw the right political lessons from failing educational practice . istruzione
i share her scepticism about the great conferences where people in expensive suits and large expense accounts meet to talk about priorities that they afterwards immediately forget , while the education budgets of the poorest countries are falling and the number of children condemned to illiteracy continues to rise . istruzione
i will therefore restrict myself to a few suggestions relating to that primary education in mrs kinnock ' s report , which are particularly pertinent . istruzione
that education must be free . istruzione
children must not be excluded because they cannot afford primary education ; otherwise they are condemned to the street , condemned to exploitation through child labour , and so on . istruzione
we are far too inclined to sit on the sidelines with our expensive specialists and our expensive ngos , while we , in fact , give far too little support to the meagre educational facilities in those countries themselves . istruzione
there are depressing educational deficits here and women and children are deprived of even the most rudimentary basic education . istruzione
the government of mali which , as you know , is a bitterly poor country in the sahel , has imposed an ambitious political programme which courageously tackles decentralisation and comprehensive education reforms . istruzione
children in mali , boys and girls , are to receive a good school education , where possible in their regional or ethnic dialect . formazione
this is an enormous challenge in education policy and is being extremely well supported by numerous donor organisations . istruzione
the numerous local and regional stations which have started up in mali , as in other developing countries , could easily be used for decentralised education plans , even if the tapes used are produced centrally . didattici
in africa , customised electronic methods and mobile schools could go a long way towards rectifying the education deficit . istruzione
the commission has also decided to put development policy , especially the education and health sectors , at the top of its agenda in 2002 . istruzione
the commission has also stepped up support in the education sector and focused measures on basic education , especially primary school education , in recent years . istruzione
in addition , most programmes to promote primary school education contain special clauses for the benefit of girls , in order to counter gender-based drawbacks . istruzione
as far as the specific considerations and recommendations which relate to the community are concerned , i have the following to say : first , the education sector is instrumental in the strategy to fight poverty , which is the overriding aim of the community 's development policy . istruzione
the commission shares the view that clear objectives need to be defined , that education aspects need to be included in the fight against poverty and that civil society needs to be involved . istruzione
secondly , the community made a formal undertaking in dakar last year by backing the vision of the world declaration on education for all based on the universal declaration of human rights and the convention on the rights of the child , which states that education is a human right . istruzione
this means that the community has also subscribed to the call for countries seriously committed to education not to be impeded in implementing this objective by a lack of funds . istruzione
the commission shares the view of the european parliament that better coordination and more complementarity between community measures and national projects , with the help of the group of experts on education , and more intensive cooperation with unesco and the association for the development of education in africa are of paramount importance in improving the effectiveness of community aid . istruzione
the commission is therefore stepping up its collaboration with unesco , especially by supporting unesco in coordinating education for all partners . istruzione
as far as the difficult question of setting up a global fund for basic education is concerned , the commission feels , given the commission procedure for programming and implementing aid , that this sort of fund is not a practicable solution . istruzione
education targets for children , especially girls , will not be met until women have an equal status in the family and in the various societies . istruzione
it is also taking gender-specific questions into account in all special education programmes . istruzione
these troubles are even more keenly felt in developing countries , even where education is compulsory . scolarizzazione
the report claims that solving the education crisis is one of the most effective strategies for breaking the poverty cycle . educazione
without breaking the poverty cycle , in other words without stopping the pillaging of poor countries and the impoverishment of their working populations , even the most well-intentioned speeches will remain speeches , and millions of children in poor countries will continue to be deprived of even a minimum education . istruzione
if one takes that a step further and says that the balance of the sexes or the standard of education of men and women are to be counted as general criteria , then - if i may say so - things get a bit jumbled . istruzione
information , education and increased awareness are , therefore , essential factors in relation to the disastrous consequences for women ' s lives , even though most of them are not even aware of what these may be . NULL
in addition to the various education and information , humanitarian , social and health initiatives and initiatives supporting non-governmental organisations , in particular , our committee feels that it must single out one in particular : the appeal to the member states to ensure that female genital mutilation is prosecuted through the rigorous application of existing provisions laying down the right to health and personal integrity as a fundamental right , and the rigorous application of the provisions of the penal code which ban any deliberate action violating this right . formazione
my government in germany has already allocated dm 3.8 million for education work and projects . 8
a great deal of persuasion , public information and educational work is required from all of us and a change of attitude is needed in society as a whole . persuasione
however , over and above the legislative framework , current european union programmes can be used as a basis for supporting action and campaigns to recognise the problem , mobilise society and increase public awareness and , of course , to inform and educate hospital staff . ospedaliero
as far as our relations with the third world are concerned , we have already made a serious effort to ensure that development aid is predicated on respect for human rights by governments , especially in this area , and to take account of governments ' efforts to apply policies to educate , train , raise awareness and support women and families . istruzione
we need to analyse gross and net salaries in the public and private sectors and that means a breakdown by age , education , profession , economic activity , type of work and employment status . istruzione
for this reason , conservatives have abstained , as we feel , from an international perspective , that more diplomatic pressure should be brought to bear against those countries in which the practice of female genital mutilation is still allowed , and that world-wide education and diplomatic initiatives would be the best means to employ in order to put an end to the procedure . scolarizzazione
an effective european democracy requires discussions across linguistic and national borders , together with an education system and media adapted in the light of these . scuola
if we adopt this report we can start to establish minimum basic rights , as the minister and the commissioner have said , for refugees , for access to welfare , housing , education , health care - things that we in the privileged world take for granted . istruzione
it should also be clear to us , as i stated at the beginning of my report , that we cannot counter demographic trends by means of immigration alone , but that the only really good and meaningful approach is , of course , an enhanced education policy and family policy . formazione
moreover , we also believe that people should receive more education in the camps so that they do not fall victim to radicalism and crime . istruzione
we must insist on the need for the major educational programmes which are the foundations of our culture , and of multiculturalism , in particular : there must be schooling and education starting with foreign children , especially , irrespective of their legal position . educativi
in my opinion , we must establish a substantial educational and cultural programme , a major part of which promotes communication between cultures , for that would be the first step along a path which will certainly bring about the sort of integration we desire . educativo
the 1963 constitution states that liberty is a natural right of each human being - this right has no limitations except the liberty of others , but freedom of thought and expression is invaluable - that every afghan has a right to print and publish ideas , that education is a right of every afghan and shall be provided , free of charge , by the state , and that work is a right of every afghan who has the capability to do it . istruzione
what a far cry this is from the tragedy existing in afghanistan today , where women are beaten , denied education , kept at home as slaves and with one in eight dying in childbirth . istruirsi
however , it is very encouraging to see that the local staff is continuing to distribute food - if the food has not been taken over by the taliban - and is still running health clinics and providing education where it is possible . insegnare
as the commissioner knows , i have raised this matter on numerous occasions , i should just like to inform him that the minister of education 's public response is that i am asking the wrong questions of the wrong commissioner and obtaining the wrong replies . istruzione
whether the educational system is absurd is a qualification i must leave for mr hatzidakis . istruzione
as such , the lion ' s share of the 220 articles of the action programme consist of preventive , educational and protective measures which aim to eradicate racism at all levels , as well as strategies which endeavour to attain out-and-out equality of all people worldwide . educative
other measures aim to educate people to respect human rights , change their mentality and to grant non-discriminating access to education . educazione
it sends out a clear message , as the minister explained , about combating racism at worldwide level and , of course , every country made a commitment to national action plans , national action plans on legislation , the bases of political parties , education , employment and social and cultural life . istruzione
roma and gypsy children must be given the same education as other children . istruzione
computer equipment is sold worldwide and the educative , awareness-raising aspects of seeing the energy star logo on computers is worthwhile . energy
we ought in future to provide an experience primarily with a european content , putting our european values , our european knowledge at centre stage on the internet and in our education and learning programmes as well as being ready to engage in international competition . formazione
specifically , it means changing our systems of education . istruzione
in this connection , it is not the international orientation or the mobility of education and research itself , but the results , that deserve recognition . formazione
the ambitious objectives of lisbon also threaten to remain so much rhetoric , and will perish like worldly honour , if the success of the european union in global competition is not based on a high level of education and research . istruzione
all we need to do is to create the prerequisite conditions in our education systems , for example , in the form of a special business model which young businesses can then adopt . educativi
i would also like to say that i share the rapporteur ' s opinion in underlining the importance of education and training , something that has been noted by other speakers . istruzione
the union should : first , invest in education and training , as has been said here a few times ; second , improve its performance in the high-tech sectors and promote entrepreneurship ; third , help to step up business research and development by encouraging member states to introduce or increase the necessary incentives ; and finally , promote the use of technologies in all sectors of the economy , including public administrations . NULL
other countries that might have gone the same way have in fact done the opposite , such as tunisia : in fact , it would not take much to change the course in that country , which has a ruling class , a cultured class , an education system , and which recognises the rights of women , the equal rights of men and women . istruzione
it is often the best educated and the most privileged who manage to enter europe , often at the expense of useful roles they could be playing in their countries of origin . istruiti
i doubt whether all the people who voted for paragraph 35 could have read it , because it restricts the right of residence , accommodation and education . istruzione
the rapporteur has identified three key sectors in which community intervention and member states ' commitment are necessary . these are the creation of entrepreneurship at the educational level , the promotion of the training of workers , and the promotion of innovation among small and medium-sized enterprises ( smes ) . educativo
to supplement these measures the report rightly calls for more high quality education . istruzione
in times of recession , increasing public expenditure on investment in new capacity and in education and training are essential . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0286 / 2001 ) by mrs hieronymi , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the third report of the commission to the council , the european parliament and the economic and social committee , on the application of directive 89 / 552 / cee ' television without frontiers ' ( com ( 2001 ) 9 - c5-0190 / 2001 - 2001 / 2086 ( cos ) ) . istruzione
with its complementary mix then of private and public service broadcasters , the european audiovisual model guarantees pluralism of information , cultural diversity and access for all to information , education , entertainment and the arts . istruzione
that offers ample scope for in-depth investment in education , r & d and healthcare . istruzione
is it because public services have been improved , the number of hospitals has increased , additional hospital staff have been hired , public transport and national education have been developed , sufficient social housing has been built ? istruzione
it has always sheltered its education system , its banks , its railway , its airlines , its postal service , its telephone networks and its housing associations from the cold wind of competition . scuola
first of all , prevention involves education and information campaigns , particularly aimed at at-risk groups , such as women and young people , conducted on the ground by influential local figures . NULL
the report draws specific attention to the triangle of poverty , health and education , no part of which can be ignored without action in the other two areas coming to nothing . istruzione
some of us have already observed that we must persuade the governments in these countries to spend more on this area of healthcare and education , and i naturally underline this political demand as well . istruzione
yet it would be cynical in the extreme if we failed to point out that the structural adjustment programmes which must be undertaken by these countries to secure loans and funding from the international financial institutions now require them to spend less on prevention , public health and education . istruzione
education is crucial to prevent people being infected with hiv in the first place , but access to drugs really does make a difference . istruzione
this means providing information and sex education for children and young people , for without a change in sexual behaviour , the problem cannot be mastered . educazione
first and foremost , i must thank both our rapporteur in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , mrs hieronymi and the whole of the committee for the high-quality work they put before us and their interesting reaction to the third report from the commission to the council , the ep and the esc on the application of directive 89 / 522 / eec " television without frontiers " , whose main objective is to put a legal framework in place to promote the free movement of audiovisual broadcasting services within the single istruzione
it is equally important that we give priority to the access of young people to the labour market as well as to lifelong learning , which will require an increase in public and private spending in the fields of education , research and development , along with , of course , the respective structural reforms , so that the effective transition to a knowledge-based society can go ahead . educazione
the acceptance that health is a " global public good " , as the report rightly points out , cannot be reconciled with the fact that a large proportion of the world 's population is deprived of access to education , housing , employment , food , safe drinking water , conditions of hygiene and health services . istruzione
it is insulting and hypocritical to state that the " global public good " of health is being hit particularly hard in underdeveloped countries , while at the same time imposing structural changes on these countries by reducing expenditure on the public service sector , especially the health and education sectors . istruzione
within the former federal socialist republic of yugoslavia , the albanian language was the language of administration and education . insegnamento
it is in this spirit that today , on behalf of my group , i am presenting this resolution , which asks the member states to develop real strategies aimed at equal access for all to fundamental rights such as education , housing and healthcare as well as culture and sustainable employment . istruzione
we need urgent action to supply essential drugs and equipment , to strengthen water-quality control , to support and monitor nutrition programmes , to train health workers and conduct health education programmes . educazione
however , it is education , above all , which will be the basis for and a key element of all the development projects - for one thing is clear : these democratic elections are an extremely important step for the country 's future . di
for east timor 's further institutional development , it is also important for the eu to participate in the arrangements for the presidential elections and the necessary voter education . formazione
it is a very poor country , has an economy to rebuild , a state to organise and health , education and social protection systems to create . educativo
furthermore , the council established a new open method of coordination which encourages member states to work together to improve the impact on social inclusion of policies in fields such as social protection , employment , health , housing and education . istruzione
i believe that , now , of all times , when we are already finding that bottlenecks in certain trades result from too little training and development in the past , such a national right to continuing education would represent the dictates of the hour . professionale
there is , i believe , an additional need for more intensive cooperation between enterprises and institutions of higher education than hitherto , in order to facilitate more effective knowledge transfer and more speedily initiate entrepreneurial innovation than has previously been the case . istruzione
there is a lack of access to training , vocational and continuing education , retraining and , of course , work itself . istruzione
we have , on the one hand , the demand for preventative health education , and , on the other , the need to promote tobacco growing . informazione
mr president , the budget of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport contains three important new features : istruzione
this applies not only to cultivated and highly educated people , but also to those who perform very simple work . evolute
we all know that military action on its own will not bring a sustainable solution in the region and that we will need to invest in democratic institutions , in a civil society , in socio-economic and ecological reforms , in the fight against drugs and poverty and in sound education . istruzione
we want simplification of procedures , integration of the cycle of cooperation , transparency in management , assessment in such important sectors as health and education . istruzione
training and education are essential ways in which eu member states can jointly boost the eu 's employment rate . istruzione
time and again in member states , investment in education and training has proved to be successful and when coordinated at a pan-european level , this would be amplified . istruzione
today , it is also a strong state fighting for the education of its people . istruzione
on this subject i would like to remind mrs uca , with a heavy heart , that 30 % of women in turkey do not go to school , nor are allowed to do so , so in this way they miss out on an education . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0351 / 2001 ) by mr vander taelen , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on achieving better circulation of european films in the internal market and the candidate countries . istruzione
we know very well that this cannot merely be achieved by conserving european films , but , as several of my fellow members have already said , this comes from providing education on the diversity of european works and on what european works represent for future generations . educazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i , too , would like to start by thanking not only the rapporteur for this initiative , as all of you have done , but also the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which has backed his initiative so strongly . cultura
in the various member states of the european union , this includes supplying the public with services in the fields of energy , water , waste disposal , transport , telecommunications , post , media , finance and insurance , a basic social , educational and training system , social services , external and internal security , a judiciary and a system of registration . istruzione
education , health , public transport , postal services , telecommunications , water and energy supply , and refuse collection must remain public services which must not generate profits ... istruzione
like education and welfare provisions , public transport is more a core task of the government than it is part of the market . istruzione
this is my second task : ensuring that , in future , we have enough children ' s films suitable for that age , films that are positive and are both educational and imaginative . educativi
all sorts of organisations have lobbied , local councils have discussed language education , in short , there has been huge enthusiasm in all our member states and this enthusiasm has also made itself felt at government level . insegnamento
i shall be attending the education council on 29 november , and on that occasion we will be discussing the best way to follow up the european year of languages , because it is not enough to have launched an action and for that action to have been received with great enthusiasm on the part of the public ; this action also needs to be followed up . istruzione
this is why i conveyed to the education ministers all the discussions that took place in all the institutional frameworks , of which there were many , in order to tell them : ' here you are , europe ' s citizens and their representatives want the linguistic element to become an important part of the education system ' . NULL
on the basis of all the reports available , at the end of november , the ministers will have to decide and adopt a resolution , and then i shall ensure that this resolution is followed up with deeds , in other words that these ministers will make sure that their national or regional education systems , depending on the country , will provide the greatest possible range of languages , and from as early an age as possible . istruzione
with regard to what i believe is your second question , the content of education provided by schools in arab countries , if i have understood correctly , i must , of course , tell you that the union has no competence at all to interfere in the content of school curricula of third countries . insegnamento
therefore , any pricing policy must be based , above all , on a realistic examination of the social and other conditions in which the commodity of water is to be used , but also on a user education campaign that raises awareness and particularly focuses on water saving measures . educazione
we , the members of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , were very concerned that research should not be confined to an elite . rather , when it comes to building the european research area , research should be shared amongst younger researchers , a range of relevant institutions , and universities . cultura
the committee on women ' s rights and equal opportunities has an interest in this subject , but so does the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . cultura
in 1999 , 66 % of the research workers in the state sector and 72 % of those in higher education were men . universitario
only in portuguese higher education , with 53 % , was a balance achieved . universitario
in the social and cultural field , mr president , we are proposing an emphatic and ambitious development cooperation policy in the social , culture , education , emigration , internal affairs and justice fields , with a whole series of concrete initiatives , that i will not explain here right now for lack of time . istruzione
the creation of a single eu-latin american transatlantic assembly will be most welcome ; it must have the broadest remit , including , particularly , the fight against poverty and social exclusion , and the fight against drugs and organised crime , and it must also focus greatly on the basic sector of education , culture and free trade which , as the previous speaker pointed out , must come about without generating inequalities . istruzione
i would like to quote directly from paragraph 27 , which " calls for the new common strategy to make education , health and culture its priorities and to provide for targeted measures in support of those latin american countries which require them , with particular attention paid to ethnic minorities and indigenous groups " . istruzione
the few words the report contains on " health , education and the fight against abject poverty " , " the fight against drugs " and " protection of the environment " , some of the objectives that the european union claims it is promoting in that part of the world , are nothing more than a smokescreen for considerably more disreputable intentions . istruzione
the first is the education of the security forces in the human rights sector . formazione
the commission is monitoring the problems within the specific framework of human rights , but it cannot intervene in the education of security forces for human rights unless the nigerian government asks it to do so . formazione
this means that one european in ten encounters barriers not just in the field of work but also in access to public transport , buildings , private services , education and training - in other words , in all areas of daily life . istruzione
the second important factor are the special policies on education and employment . formazione
access to the job market depends on education and we need to focus on this . istruzione
we are worried by the hypocrisy of all this interest being expressed in people with disabilities by the various institutions of the european union because it is the very policy of the european union , with its capitalist restructuring , privatisation of health , welfare and education and undermining of workers ' rights and social insurance , which is to blame . scuola
how many of these children have special schools or special classes and the special equipment needed for them to acquire an education ? studiare
in greece , only 7 % of disabled children attend special schools , while 185 000 disabled children are not even in the education system . scuola
and yet not one åu text , including the one under debate , so much as mentions free national health , welfare and special education , even for these people . gratuite
nowhere does it suggest that the technical assistance needed for education , vocational rehabilitation or daily life should be provided free of charge . istruzione
once again mr president , i would like to call for the cancellation of third world debt and for this money to be allocated to education , prevention and health . this is the right way to combat aids in the long term . istruzione
what is happening in our schools and providing access in education is very important , but we must look to new ways of bringing in the middle-aged and the aged into the process . istruzione
i very much welcome the fact that not only the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , whose views i am conveying here , but also the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy have unanimously indicated that it is simply not enough for us just to talk about attempting to avoid the danger of a digital divide in the european union . istruzione
others have mentioned the conclusions of the lisbon summit but there are other needs for a conclusion : the needs of industry for early clarity about the new rules , the need of european citizens for cheap , efficient competitive telecommunication services , the needs of european union businesses for education , for research , for societal applications . istruzione
i am speaking in my capacity as rapporteur of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , with responsibility for consideration of the authorisation and radio spectrum directives , and also as my group 's shadow rapporteur on the framework directive . istruzione
public money should go to public services , to health , education , and public transport , which could and should create many more useful jobs for everyone than these start-ups , which swallow up money without showing how they are of use to society . istruzione
in preparation for the meeting in valencia in april , the commission will table proposals for improving the functioning of the euro-mediterranean partnership , particularly in the fields of education and culture . educativo
the european union is supporting public health and it is supporting education . istruzione
the committee on budgets has repeated the proposal by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which was agreed in parliament ' s first reading , for an appropriation of five million euros for preparatory actions for a community policy in the field of sport . istruzione
it would also be very much in harmony with preparations for the physical education theme year . educazione
in this regard , in addition to the programmes which are currently being implemented to support cooperation in cultural heritage , audiovisual activities and youth exchanges , the commission is examining the feasibility of extending the tempus programme for higher education to the mediterranean region . istruzione
parents are persuaded that a new and better life awaits their offspring in europe and send them off to live with distant family and friends in order to receive an education . istruzione
it gives a priority to equitable growth and better access to education . istruzione
i must say , though , that further and continuing education is certainly a good start across national boundaries , but i have great difficulty with training in healthcare , medicine , and so on , becoming a matter for the european community . formazione
at the same time , it is important to proceed with the measures referred to in this house : full access to education and healthcare for women and young girls . istruzione
in that way , they will achieve the dignity and receive the education that they require . istruzione
women were once , in the 1960s and 1970s , welcomed by the government of king mohammed zahir shah as full participating members of society in their professions , in higher education and in politics . educazione
the european union must concern itself as directly as possible with imposing order in the distribution of humanitarian aid and establishing speedy measures and structures so that girls and women may receive education and healthcare . educativi
all of this will be overseen by the un which has a constitutional role , recognised in the provisional agreement , to monitor the conduct of the interim authority and the emergency loya jirga , as well as providing for the development and implementation of a programme of human rights education to promote respect for and understanding of human rights in afghanistan . educazione
on the other hand - and we have seen illustrations of this throughout the afternoon - if we do not take into consideration the fact that today three quarters of the earth 's population is living in the most absolute poverty ; if today we do not cancel the debt of developing countries and if we do not discipline ourselves to invest in health , education and infrastructure , i am convinced that , once again , we will have failed to learn the lessons of history , as recent as it is . istruzione
this trend continues where access to basic and higher education is concerned . istruzione
one other problem is the fact that education is extremely politicised . istruzione
i would also like to thank the rapporteur , maybe in writing , for his efforts and for the overview reflecting the contributions made by the committee on employment and social affairs , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , as well as the opinion of the economic and social committee . istruzione
finally , i should like to say that we in the european people 's party are ready to suggest an own initiative report on lesser-used languages at the next meeting of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
one in five people in this world do not have access to basic education or basic health care . istruzione
employment rates can also be maintained by improving skills , education and individuals ' mobility within europe and between production sectors . istruzione
third , education , training and research . istruzione
education , training and research really are the keys to economic renewal , sustainable growth and job creation . NULL
what will your position be on the commitments given through the united nations programmes on education and health for all ? educazione
i know many member states include driver education in their basic education system , but for those that do not , this directive will make it possible for all drivers to receive proper training . formazione
in the committee on development and cooperation we have on countless occasions stressed the need to plough resources into basic health and basic education if we are serious about poverty reduction . istruzione
as the european parliament has no powers to amend this text , it is essential to work to get the most out of it , so that aid can make a real contribution to the well-being of the people of the acp countries , as regards their food , health , educational requirements , etc . " istruzione
this approach too was the result of an excessive desire to educate , to make fishermen understand that if there are no fish they will not be able to continue to make a living . pedagogico
if drivers had enjoyed extensive education , this was not deemed relevant to this job . formazione
this made their profession appealing to many who found it difficult to stay in education and who were pleased to be able to earn their own income at a young age and in a relatively independent capacity . istruzione
a high-quality system of maritime education and training is vital to the future of eu seafaring . istruzione
the existing community funds should be used to supplement existing funding from national and regional budgets for maritime education and training . istruzione
the report makes no reference whatsoever to these serious problems ; it merely regurgitates the usual wish-lists or , worse , proposes applying the good old sub-standard , fragmented training programmes , which are tailored to the needs of the shipping market , and networking educational institutions and companies . formativi
in our opinion , if seafarers step up their fight at national and international level , if seafarers join forces with seafarers from third countries and overturn these policies under the banner of " an equal day 's pay for an equal day 's work " , if seafarers are recruited subject to vested insurance rights , collective agreements and compulsory national insurance and if state education and training for seafarers is brought up to standard ( for example by upgrading state-run naval schools ) , this will go a long way towards resolving the problems of the training and istruzione
we must urge all member states to educate our own citizens much more fully as to the benefits and positive advantages of having an integrated society . edotti
i welcome these regulations because they are in step with the granting of an ordered sequence of privileges along the lines of : access to employment , education , social security and integration , and this is also to be embraced . formazione
in the information society , economic growth and an improved standard of living are not only the results of constructing new roads and factories , but also of education , innovation , new technology , e-commerce and the development of other knowledge-intensive sectors . formazione
that applies , then , to communication not only in the traditional sense of roads , connecting links and the availability of energy-efficient transport systems for goods and people , but also in the sense of telecommunications , it , e-commerce , education , increased knowledge and support for new technology . formazione
finally , we suggest that revenue from tobacco taxes should be used to fund education , preventive measures and centres where smokers can kick the habit and obtain treatment . seminari
on the other hand , once this status has been granted , the individual will be guaranteed a set of rights , such as the right to work , to education , social security , healthcare and access to goods and services , etc . , thereby making this a real instrument for integration into the society in which the individual lives . istruzione
the host member state is obliged to grant to third-country nationals and their families , under the right to family reunion , the same rights as those granted to nationals , whether this is in terms of education , professional training , social protection , social assistance or tax . istruzione
as representative of the pensioners ' party , i would like to take this opportunity to call upon parliament , in addition to allowing the movement of people who wish to visit our beautiful european countries , to do everything possible to make it easier for those elderly people who have worked for a lifetime and now , at last , have the time to dedicate to healthy , intelligent , educational , cultural travel round the beautiful sights there are to see in europe . istruttivo
we all know that sort of destruction of infrastructure , health and education services , people 's livelihood and jobs destroys hope and any prospect of political stability and security . scolastici
through them we can guarantee education for all . istruzione
according to this communication , greek indicators concerning entrepreneurial expenditure on r & d , access to the internet , lifelong learning and public spending on education are the lowest of all the member states . istruzione
it is true , as the honourable member says in his question , that greece 's indicators on matters such as entrepreneurial expenditure on research and development , access to the internet , lifelong learning and public spending on education are lower than those of other member states . istruzione
spending on education and research and technology has risen , while other indicators have remained stable and have not changed . istruzione
in 2001 more than 50 % of the projects directed at health , education and refugee care had specific and significant gender components . educativi
ngos generally organise elementary hygiene education for women . educazione
in the context of the 2002 budget , the commission has supported a benchmark that 35 % of spending in development assistance committee group 1 countries , including macroeconomic assistance with social sector conditionality , is allocated to social infrastructure , mainly education and health . istruzione
education and training systems istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0017 / 2002 ) by mrs martens , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the commission communication on the draft detailed work programme for the follow-up of the report on the concrete objectives of education and training systems ( com ( 2001 ) 501 - c5-0601 / 2001 - 2001 / 2251 ( cos ) ) . istruzione
madam commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to emphasise the importance of this report , which underlines the fact that the role of education does not consist merely of preparing young people for employment - even if employment also underpins society and is a means of gauging inclusion and economic and social reproduction . istruzione
we must , therefore , also discuss the definition of the gaps that we want to fill with our education and training policies . istruzione
i feel that it is important - as the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy has also pointed out - that this report should address the issue of education not just in terms of professional training , of the development of skills which will increase our citizens ' chances of finding high quality work , but also in terms of more general education , of which school education is part in a wider sense , directing it towards a humanistic culture which - although it does not directly provide professional formazione
this is the line taken in both the report ' s declarations of principle and its practical recommendations : it focuses especially on the need to root and ground these recommendations in the changes currently taking place in the world of communications and in new teaching methods and , above all , to facilitate the climate and conditions necessary for the need for a higher level of quantity and quality of education for all to be met . istruzione
to this framework we need to add a top priority action plan to assess and intervene with appropriate , effective tools in the tensions which can develop in the worlds of education and work where there are cases of discrimination , with the common desire to fight racism and intolerance . scolastico
but what we have to ask ourselves is , what sort of benchmark is it if , when it comes to the crunch , we shy away from a real policy of educational convergence at european level . istruzione
this is why europe , as the world ' s largest donor of development cooperation and as the largest international trading power , must be prepared to throw its weight into the balance , building on the successes achieved at doha , with a view to reaching authentic binding agreements in monterrey about aid , education , health care and far-reaching debt relief . istruzione
how do we go about doubling the current level of aid given by industrialised countries to achieve the required usd 50 billion a year , as recommended in several of the preparatory reports for the monterrey conference , so that we can meet the most basic requirements of developing countries , particularly in terms of education and health ? istruzione
the protection of detained or imprisoned persons features in the international human rights instruments and the national indicative programme for egypt for 2000 to 2004 , which comprises a financial package worth eur 351 million and also provides support for the development of civil society , education and for increasing social protection and the rights of the most disadvantaged and marginalised groups in egyptian society . istruzione
the total exclusion of women from the afghan education system is well known ; by depriving them of education they have been completely denied access to all the assets of society . educativo
that applies especially in the fields of education , research , employment and transport . istruzione
it is crucially important to investigate what practical programmes we can offer to secure better education for women so that they themselves will also be in a position to do more to promote equality . istruzione
they must be encouraged to acquire their own political identity and for this purpose , they must be given the opportunity , via education and awareness-raising , of making up for an unfair disadvantage that has built up over the centuries . formazione
they must also be seen - provided they gain access to education - as fully-fledged partners in the labour market and in politics . istruzione
i ask myself why women are barred from education in many countries . istruzione
particularly in rural areas , up to 60 % of women are excluded from education , even from being taught about reproductive health . istruzione
and , at the heart of these measures , there must be measures for women and for involving women in education , the job market and social and economic life . scuola
this matter , which i consider to be serious , commissioner , should also be addressed through integrated policies associating social , and cultural and educational objectives , and should be discussed at policy level to increase awareness of this phenomenon . educativi
this fight against illiteracy must be incorporated into other union policies and must be taken into account whenever we talk about education and training . istruzione
illiteracy , understood to mean either a lack of basic education or ' returning ' illiteracy , is causing an increasing divide between those who are privileged and enjoy relative security and those who are disadvantaged and marginalised , who do not have access to work , who are in danger of isolation and do not participate in social life . apprendimento
european legislation , though , is limited in this task to measures of development and support , as general and vocational education falls within the remit of the member states , and that is where it should stay . istruzione
the member states ' sole duty is to make real the right to education which is now also enshrined in article 14 of the charter of fundamental rights . istruzione
there is another commission document on the issue , which has been referred to the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport - on that famous subject ' lifelong learning ' - but this is a question of learning not the languages of other states but our own . cultura
that being so , it is of course quite deplorable that we see society actually disintegrating and that we have in our society a new grouping which is weak in social and educational terms . istruzione
i wish to address a second aspect of this topic , the issue of to what extent it is possible to compensate for differences between the various member states in education , training , schooling , and the current state of knowledge . educazione
my first point is that the lisbon council in 2000 called for the commission to draft a report on the specific future objectives of education and training systems . istruzione
i must stress here that we need to respect the principle of subsidiarity and take particular care in our approach to education , which is a strictly national matter . scolastici
we must work towards a more progressive system in which workers are entitled to keep as much of their earned income as possible and there is better provision of services in the social sphere in areas such as housing , health and education through the national exchequer . istruzione
in order to do this , the number of debt restructuring operations that favour the education and primary health care sectors should be dramatically increased , along the lines of the ' debt-reducing and development contracts ' ( c2d ) implemented by france . istruzione
it demonstrates that they are disadvantaged economically , that they are disadvantaged in terms of health and , perhaps most significantly , in terms of education , with the levels of literacy among women in some mediterranean countries way below that of men . istruzione
for example , the meda programme so far has no lines particularly dedicated to the education of women , to improving the health care of women . istruzione
i feel that the references made to teachers and trainers are only useful if we safeguard a genuine recruitment policy in national education , because this is a public service remit . istruzione
there is a need for intensive intellectual engagement here , which requires that state education be made a priority . istruzione
people whose good education at school has gained them self-confidence and the capacity for critical judgement will also be in a position to resist all kinds of dictatorship and all forms of manipulation . formazione
i believe that the commissioner and the european union have an incredibly important task when it comes to promoting a form of education in these schools that is based upon the ideas of love and of love of one ' s neighbour and does not see other religions or other political outlooks with the eyes of hatred , for it is in these madrassas and other islamicist contexts that hatred is disseminated . insegnamento
i would call upon mrs diamantopoulou to do everything she can to ensure that it is tolerance and the ideas of love and love of one ' s neighbour that come to characterise education in pakistan and , of course , in schools in the middle east too . insegnamento
mr president , on behalf of all members of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , i would like to make a heartfelt plea that we should not , as planned , have a combined debate on culture , education and youth on thursday morning , as these three topics should not be thrown together . istruzione
in the light of this request i propose taking the three reports from the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport in separate debates . istruzione
a bona fide bank will have greater autonomy , a greater capacity to intervene in the private sector and greater flexibility , and , most importantly , it will be in a better position to perform an education role , to get the leaders of the countries of the southern mediterranean to work together with our people . educare
i do not believe that there is a conflict between economic development and sustainable development , nor that we cannot put in place an aggressive taxation policy to create employment , to ensure that business and industry can have a competitive environment in which to succeed and prosper , and that does not necessarily lead to the detriment of social protection , or of investment in social services like education , health and infrastructure development . istruzione
what we bring forward from the lisbon process and the lisbon summit , most importantly of all , is access to education , training , learning and knowledge . istruzione
fourthly , i also agree with other speakers that we must attach importance to strategic development factors : lifelong education and support for small businesses . istruzione
firstly , reform of the education systems . educativi
training and education are at last being given political priority . istruzione
in order to be moved forward , the pupils need greater demands to be made of them , with all-round education as early as possible , and specialisation as late as possible . formazione
the management of unemployment must give way to perceptibly increased employability through training schemes , market-driven continuing education and connection to the internet . professionale
however , the strategic role assumed at lisbon by the research and development policies of promoting education and lifelong learning and increasing the active population and the employment of older workers requires that these goals be part of an economic and social policy developed and decided by a single entity according to an agreed decision-making process , not least using forms of open cooperation . educazione
mr president , often it seems that education plays second fiddle to the issues of market liberalisation , technological innovation and indeed the promotion of telecommunications and entrepreneurial infrastructure . istruzione
however , the bullmann report calls to our attention that all these measures come to absolutely naught if we do not have an educated citizenry that can create , operate and service these sectors . istruiti
therefore , education in the context of a sophisticated manufacturing and entrepreneurial milieu in a society that requires frequent switches in skills basis and a society that requires mobility across borders , becomes a precondition , a predeterminant , of our success in a knowledge economy , not simply one of the results of its successes . NULL
how can we hope to have a competitive , dynamic economy when member states today have substantial proportions of illiteracy , huge inequalities in linguistic capacity , protectionism and discrepancies in occupational and educational qualifications , and numerous financial and legal barriers to mobility . titoli
the changes we need , require fundamental cooperation across member states of a kind that education ministers , vice-chancellors of universities and national qualification agencies find enormously difficult . istruzione
therefore facing these extraordinary difficulties , the one thing at barcelona that would move us forward immensely would be to provide the framework , the joint commitment and a realistic appraisal of the resources required to ensure that we make these fundamental leaps to promote education as the fundamental step in the future of the competitive knowledge economy in europe . istruzione
many of the objectives which you have raised , such as environmental , social , health , educational and quality of life objectives , require economies whose potential grows , and i must remind the european parliament that , over the last ten years , the european economy as a whole has only grown by over 3 % in one year and by less than 3 % in the other years . educativa
this message was repeated by the national security council when it stated that the campaigns requesting kurdish language education have been orchestrated by the pkk with clearly separatist intentions , adding that this party , the pkk , is attempting to take another step in its strategy of politicisation and of creating a kurdish nation . insegnamento
it can nevertheless be stated that in turkey any mention of kurdistan , its flag , or the call for education in the kurdish language , is considered to be collaboration with or support for terrorist activity . insegnamento
during my brief visit to turkey , i therefore underlined our expectation that further steps would be taken in such areas as freedom of association , the use of languages in radio , television and education , the abolition of the death penalty and the introduction of fundamental legal rights in accordance with the case law of the european court of human rights . scolastico
whilst arabic , english , german and chinese may be taught at turkish institutions of higher education , kurdish , the mother tongue of 12 million people , remains barred from the education system . superiori
also the issue of costs for education and training should be factored in , because obviously this is a cost , or should be a cost , in most cases to employers . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0021 / 2002 ) by mrs pack , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the implementation of the socrates programme [ 2000 / 2315 ( ini ) ] . istruzione
education was successful under erasmus , but i think that , embedded in the socrates programme , it has fared even better . NULL
that is one positive finding in this evaluation of the second stage of the european union programme on general education . istruzione
red tape is inevitable in a government programme at any level , but red tape should not be an obstacle to this sort of education programme and should not obstruct its objectives . educazione
the fundamental contribution of socrates to a european education area has been applauded repeatedly and is beyond question . istruzione
we should not forget that socrates is the heartbeat of a european society of knowledge and learning and what worries me is that transnational , that is , intergovernmental cooperation on education might displace the community approach . istruzione
we must not forget that the means and ends of the so-called open method of cooperation with the member states on education would have been more or less unthinkable without the positive experience gained from socrates . istruzione
to sacrifice community education objectives to short-term transnational cooperation would be an unspeakable step backwards . istruzione
so the programme has the chance to make its mark over coming years by promoting mobility , intercultural education and educational diversity . istruzione
we have undoubtedly seen increased cooperation in the field of european education combined with a new commitment to life-long learning and that is heartening . istruzione
even educational exchanges and the system for providing lessons operate as a lever in this direction . NULL
we can certainly say that the main objective of developing european citizenship and , in particular , of improving the quality of the educational systems , has been fully achieved . educativi
mr president , education , education , education - the british prime minister once said this was his priority . volta
the rapporteur even had to fight to get a separate debate on education on our agenda this morning . istruzione
for the single market to flourish and for europe to flourish we need an educated and mobile workforce , confident about crossing national boundaries . istruita
we on the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport hope that the current applicant countries will take full advantage of the opportunities the programme offers . cultura
i would gladly hear more from our member states on this , not just on socrates , but on their responsibility , on what education means for europe . istruzione
i would be glad to engage in a public debate on a european area of education with the people in charge of education . istruzione
i think that every view expressed here is useful on an issue as tricky as education in europe . istruzione
all in all , socrates is addressing in a unique and effective way the need for a greater intra-community action in the field of education thus leading to a greater understanding and sharing of europe 's diverse culture . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0018 / 2002 ) by mr graça moura , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the implementation of the ' culture 2000 ' programme [ 2000 / 2317 ( ini ) ] . istruzione
madam president , i would firstly like to make an observation with regard to all the issues we deal with in the parliamentary committee which i belong to , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
madam president , last year with the european parliament ' s committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , i had the opportunity to visit cracow in poland . istruzione
the next item is a report ( a5-0019 / 2002 ) by mrs gröner on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport on the implementation of the youth programme [ 2000 / 2316 ( ini ) ] . istruzione
the rationale behind the choice of these programmes can be traced back to the decisive consideration that the programmes in question are surely the community 's most important support programmes in the fields of education , youth , and european culture . istruzione
nor should we forget the legislative processes initiated by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
the second strategy is about producing full employment , social integration and lifelong education for all . formazione
mr president , one in five world citizens is denied access to clean drinking water , basic education and basic health care . istruzione
neither is there any room for unilateral action by transnational businesses or superpowers such as the united states or for a unilateral focus on a new arms race at the expense of public provisions including education and health care . istruzione
i think that the committee which examined it should consider the possibilities which , according to this expert , would enable us to organise redistribution from a tobin-type tax , which would make it possible to begin to finance access , throughout the world , to global state assets , the right to water , the right to clean energy for all , the right to education , the right to a future . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0051 / 2002 ) by mr andreasen , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on a new framework for cooperation on activities concerning the information and communication policy of the european union . istruzione
two years ago parliament voted a series of input targets on development aid to ensure that the large amount of spending that takes place through the regional budget lines was actually held to account and to insist that more be focused on social infrastructure , and in particular on basic health and education policies . istruzione
last year , therefore , when we undertook the same discussions , we had further and more intensive deliberations with both external relations commissioners , mr patten and mr nielson , and agreed that a minimum of 35 % of eu external assistance would be focused on social infrastructure , and in particular on basic health and education . istruzione
i feel it would be extremely educational and very interesting . istruttivo
afghanistan , a country where , during the taliban 's reign of terror , women were not allowed to leave their homes , were not allowed to work or receive education , is the most poignant example of a country where fundamentalists , backed by their delusions , oppressed women . scuola
they are victims of violence , social , economic , political and sexual discrimination , psychological and physical abuse , oppression , and are refused all the fundamental rights : equality , access to education and politics , and all in the very name of fundamentalism , which is the antithesis of human rights . istruzione
in fundamentalist societies in particular , women are often denied fundamental rights and freedoms , and often have no access to adequate assistance , health care and education . istruzione
imprisoned behind their chadors , deprived of education and care , subjected to public floggings , they endured an existence beyond the bounds of human dignity in order to survive . burqa
the eleven million afghan women who were banned from all public places , deprived of education , barred from professional activity , deprived of care and exposed to beatings and floggings in the years when the fundamentalist taliban ruled their country have a different story to tell about the origins of fundamentalism . istruzione
social dialogue must also be involved in this policy mix , based on the need to set out the guidelines and financing methods for the continuing education policy . formazione
the report by mr trentin particularly mentions national areas of policy , such as education and labour regulations . istruzione
it is a report that pretends to deal with the economic situation , but , in fact , prescribes in a normative manner , that employment must be promoted through education and flexible labour in the member states . istruzione
education , scientific research and labour policy are mentioned as areas where europe must play a coordinating role in order to achieve the objectives of the lisbon process . istruzione
let it be clear that i fully endorse the objectives of promoting employment , good education and a fair social system . istruzione
as i see it , education is not a form of consumption , but an investment in the future , because we have to develop new products . formazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we all know that disruptions at meetings of this kind are above all the result of a failure to educate the public . denotano
well then , when it comes to smoking , it may well be that we should invest heavily - and this could be part of the committee on agriculture 's proposal - in an educational process which starts with schools . educazione
with regard to the gabon agreement , the european union has earmarked eur 5 million for a four-year period ; 30 % of this is financial compensation and 70 % is spent on education and structural aid for the coastal region . formazione
it is also essential to take specific measures in the areas of education , training and research development if we wish to retain highly competent employees and ensure that our businesses are as competitive as possible . istruzione
without taxes , there would be no universally available education , no health care , public transport or safety on the streets , and anyone suffering from long-term illness or unemployment would be condemned to a life of begging on the streets . istruzione
and as is so often the case , mr president , it is the people that are suffering as a result of this situation , with more than 550 000 malnourished and more than 80 % living below the poverty line , with the health and education systems collapsing and with more than 2 000 people dying every week of aids . scolastico
when we talk about transport , energy or employment , or when we talk about savings and investments or research , or when we talk about education , we are always talking about the citizens . istruzione
this investment particularly needs to go towards education , training and life-long learning . istruzione
they need clarity on aspects such as the future of health care and education , as well as the implications for our service industries in general . istruzione
language education is increasingly in jeopardy . formazione
mr president , i have learned the wisdom and educational value of tempering criticism with praise . pedagogico
mr president , in the interests of furthering our schoolchildren 's education , we should publish the european parliament 's enthusiastic motions for resolution on the various summits , along with the harsh criticism of the summit that was recently expressed by a witness who cannot be reproached , since it was mr javier solana . entusiaste
just as other meps have stated , there is a need for education , the exchange of experiences and the development of common practice . formazione
these measures are not restricted to socio-economic development plans , the reopening of educational establishments or the reestablishment of the public pensions system , but they also extend to the drawing up of a draft constitution which will have to be put to a referendum . insegnamento
although one of the major objectives of the partnership is to improve the economic and social situation of our partner countries , it is now necessary , in addition to this , to satisfy basic and fundamental requirements in terms of health and education . istruzione
the approval of this extension will be obtained at the council of education ministers on 30 may . istruzione
we should be helping communities and civilisation by putting resources into education , health and other important areas where money is needed , instead of using resources to boost the arms industry . istruzione
where is the unequivocal condemnation of an education system which glorifies shahid [ martyrdom ] and teaches a whole generation hatred and murder ? istruzione
anyone meeting chinese delegates nowadays will find a new generation of people , very young people , 30 , 40 , 50 at most , with a good level of education and a good grounding in world affairs and that is most encouraging . istruzione
also from this perspective , unlike others , i am delighted that the barcelona european council of 15 and 16 march 2002 committed , on the one hand , to stepping up efforts to provide mature workers with greater possibilities of remaining in the job market , for example by means of flexible gradual retirement programmes and guaranteeing genuine access to education and life-long training , and , on the other , to gradually increasing the average retirement age in the european union by about five years by 2010 . istruzione
one important new essential is prevention , that is , education about the dangers of asbestos , and the greater responsibility of employers - not only the major employers , but also the small ones , including subcontractors , with atypical employment relationships of course included . informazione
subject : community programme for environmental education istruzione
in your priorities for the european council presidency you said that education would play a major role . istruzione
how do you aim to incorporate the idea of environmental education , not included in the priorities for the ' spanish presidency programme : more europe ' , in your proposals ? istruzione
mr president , i should like to reply to mrs isler béguin that at the moment no proposal has been put to the council on the idea of environmental education alluded to in her question . istruzione
mr president , i was half expecting your response as we are well aware that education is the responsibility of the member states . istruzione
i think this is urgent , as we have been talking about the environment and environmental education for thirty years , and ultimately , this subject is always the responsibility of the member states or the voluntary sector . educazione
i do not need to be convinced of the need to introduce an element of universality in education matters at a european level , in both history and the environment , but i repeat what i said a moment ago : in the union attributions are made only by the treaties and secondary legislation . insegnamento
the rapid development of the audio-visual media has brought many real benefits in terms of education , spreading greater awareness of public affairs around the world , and not least in the field of entertainment . educativi
we also called for greater public awareness , for education campaigns and hotlines to be set up , as already exists in tv broadcasting , so that complaints about illegal or harmful content may be recorded by consumers , particularly by parents . educative
however , i want to point out again at this juncture that instilling awareness in minors themselves , as well as their parents and educators , is still the best way forward . educatori
this is possible by , on the one hand , paying ample attention to media education at school , so that minors can be taught to identify harmful content for themselves , and , on the other hand , by providing educators with a tool , such as the dutch ' viewer guide ' classification system . educazione
i would therefore call on the member states and the commission , when studying best practices , to keep this classification system in mind and , when planning school curricula , to make room for media education too . educazione
and , thirdly , media education is needed not only for children but also for their parents . educazione
secondly , a letter that i received this week informed me of a site funded jointly by the ministry of health and the ministry of education . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0035 / 2002 ) by mrs de sarnez , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , media and sport , on the communication from the commission to the european parliament and the council on strengthening cooperation with third countries in the field of higher education [ com ( 2001 ) 385 - c5-0538 / 2001 - 2001 / 2217 ( cos ) ] . istruzione
my second proposal is that we must move towards harmonising the quality of higher education and the recognition of diplomas and studies . istruzione
thirdly , i propose that a european university label be established , which would be awarded to training modules provided in higher education establishments recognised for the quality of their teaching and of the reception they give to students of third countries . istruzione
language learning is an undisputed factor of mobility and this is why it would be desirable for the member states to systematically establish the teaching of foreign languages in the form of modules in all institutions of higher education and also for teaching of the language of the host country to be made available to foreign students . istruzione
the aim of this report is , therefore , to urge the european union and the member states to take action to make european higher education dynamic , competitive and attractive . istruzione
the competitiveness and attractiveness of european higher education must , of course , start taking shape in the member states first of all . insegnamento
the member states ' ministers of education are aware of this and raise the point at every education council meeting . istruzione
mr president , it has now become clear that an international training market does exist ; the fact that the european union 's involvement in the evolution of the international market in education is very slight and not in keeping with its cultural traditions is something of which the union itself is aware , and the commission was right to raise the matter in its communication . formazione
in addition to the communication 's huge technical content and the many considerations and proposals we are presenting to the commission with a view to strengthening cooperation in the field of higher education , there is another , extremely important issue : the quality of the training provided . istruzione
the draft resolution contains over ten paragraphs on guaranteeing high-quality higher education , but it can clearly go no further , given the technical nature of the suggestions and proposals . istruzione
this is no longer just a technical issue : it is a question of philosophy and education too . filosofico
it is worth trying to set every possible wheel in motion to harness the high-quality human resources available in order to improve the quality of training , so that culture and education become sources of life-giving energy which remains with people throughout their lives . istruzione
as i have said , we have to give an account of ourselves , and i agree with mrs de sarnez that we must increasingly see to it that our education becomes more appealing and more competitive . istruzione
as mrs de sarnez has already said , mobility and the quality of our education are the most important things , and so there are of course a number of things we have to do . formazione
the franco-german college in germany , at which common leaving certificates can be taken , could serve as an example for many other european higher education institutions .  
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , now that we have this report - for which i should like to thank mrs de sarnez - the time is right for the european union to reflect on what it means by the right to education , and more specifically higher education , and how it intends to implement this right . istruzione
our responsibility has to be to see them fully respected and put into practice , because education is not only an individual right ; it is also an essential means of promoting peace - a crucial issue today - and ensuring respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms in general . istruzione
if its potential for building a world of peace is to be realised , education needs to be widely available and made equally accessible to all . istruzione
moreover , millions of those in school today are not able to benefit from high-quality teaching that meets their basic educational needs . formative
making the right to education a reality is now less a question of access to education than of access to adequate training programmes for everyone so as to meet basic needs . insegnamento
from this point of view , the right to higher education is - on our own evidence - not yet a reality , in particular for women . insegnamento
higher education shall , according to the universal declaration of human rights , be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit , but in africa and asia fewer than one person in ten in the age group concerned is in higher education , and the gulf is continuing to widen between these regions on the one hand and europe and north america on the other . NULL
there is no doubt that considerable progress has been made in the last 50 years towards making the right to higher education a reality throughout the world , but we should not forget that this vision , which is laid down in article 26 , is not only quantitative but also qualitative because it encompasses the aims and objectives of education and thus its content . istruzione
mindful of the task which remains to be accomplished - and with repeated thanks to mrs de sarnez for her report - i therefore think that it is essential , as far as those who are still excluded from any form of education are concerned , for us to be aware that it is not a question of choice , but that a great many people do not even know that they have a choice . istruzione
in her thorough report , mrs de sarnez makes the correct assumption that high-quality higher education is required . istruzione
the eu has already set up cooperation programmes with america and with canada , but i should like to fight for cooperation in the field of higher education with the developing countries . istruzione
education in general is the best way of eradicating poverty in the world , and this certainly applies to developing countries . NULL
i would therefore call on the commission , in its incentives policy , to pay extra attention to cooperation in the field of higher education istruzione
collaboration at the academic and cultural level in europe does of course need to be improved , but educational differences in certain areas , which produce different results , form part of member states ' national traditions . vanti
this only becomes dangerous if education fails to reach a certain standard . formazione
in the past , for example , this often led to the situation in which graduates in medicine from one member states were not , because of educational standards , permitted to work in others . formazione
many here will be astonished to learn that , in the twin areas of culture and education , we might even have a few things to learn from the eastern european candidate states . formazione
mr president , first of all , i should like to congratulate mrs de sarnez on her report , which gives a sound and clear overview of the present situation in higher education , the existing programmes and the possible forms of cooperation with third countries in the field of higher education . istruzione
with the advent of the national state , education became increasingly national . istruzione
and this is precisely why cooperation with third countries in the field of higher education is important . istruzione
they observed that politics , training and education towards responsibility belong together . educazione
even if education is a national competence , more harmonisation is possible and necessary . istruzione
i agree with the report that we in europe must work towards a consistent and high level of education , which inevitably goes hand in hand with a command of languages , international recognition of qualifications , a credit transfer system , at least at european level , and more flexible opportunities for students from third countries who study in one member state to also study temporarily in another eu country . istruzione
the initiation of this debate and the excellent report by mrs de sarnez would appear to be extremely important within the european union , particularly in the field of higher education , for they highlight how little europe has been involved thus far . istruzione
however , i feel that the two goals identified for cooperation between the eu and third countries are particularly positive : firstly , the development of high-quality human resources , which can only be achieved through high-quality training or education ; and secondly , the promotion of a world centre of excellence for study , training and research situated in europe . istruzione
for these reasons , i would like to express my support for mrs de sarnez in her call for the creation of a european university label , for improved international student mobility , the promotion of further language learning and , above all , for the harmonisation of higher education that will , without a doubt , have to lead to the recognition of qualifications . insegnamento
the report contains the usual mantras of student and teacher mobility , common curricula and even common diplomas , recognition of teaching modules , training courses and diplomas , all of which are used as a pretext for reducing university studies and education in general to the lowest common denominator . istruzione
and , needless to say , the report reminds us of the bologna and prague declarations spearheading the european union 's intervention in the education systems of european countries , members and non-members alike . istruzione
the communist party of greece is fighting for overall improvements to higher education and for subsidised , free higher education and it is fighting to stop education establishments from being commercialised and run on business lines . istruzione
at the same time , we call on the european commission , in the run up to the elections in nigeria in 2003 , to provide any technical assistance nigeria may need in order to strengthen its legal and democratic structures and for lawyers and the police to be educated within the framework of the cotonou agreement and the resolutions passed by the joint acp-eu joint parliamentary assembly . magistrati
for this reason , the special session of the un general assembly on children , which is about to take place , should result in a firm commitment to transform the obligations arising from the convention on the rights of the child into real action , establishing control mechanisms to supervise the extent to which these obligations are complied with , especially with regard to the fight against abuse , exploitation and violence to which children are subjected and to guarantee children the right to education . istruzione
children 's rights are flouted every day throughout the world , with access being denied to medical care and education , child soldiers , sexual exploitation , crimes against children , trafficking , child labour and malnutrition . scolastiche
insisting that candidate countries , where children already face severe difficulties , reduce public spending , which includes health and education , seems to me to be incompatible with improving the rights of the child . istruzione
our action plan covers four major causes for concern : health , education , protection of childhood and aids / hiv , all of which receive special attention under development cooperation . educazione
children , from this point of view , are an important target group for external aid , especially in sectoral policies such as education and health . educazione
we will of course continue to provide aid for health and education and to strengthen the capabilities of the provincial administrations because , in the final analysis , they will be the ones in charge of setting up and maintaining structures , systems and the social and local fabric . istruzione
it is a project shared by everybody and it must therefore be a response to the challenges in this field , a concrete response , also the adoption of an action plan , which can be channelled by means of the foundation or by some other method , so that the dialogue between cultures and civilisations focuses on three areas which we believe to be fundamental : youth , education and the media . istruzione
what is the security objective of destroying the ministries of education , finance , agriculture , the land registry ? istruzione
as education is one of the most important prerequisites for human development , and above all for the actualisation of human rights , illiteracy in the states of north africa must be done away with . analfabetismo
computers of the palestinian ministry of education were piled up by israeli soldiers and subsequently blown up with grenades . istruzione
along the same lines , i should like to also express my satisfaction that culture , tourism , education , integration between peoples and dialogue were addressed as issues of the utmost priority . istruzione
in my view , to culture , education , tourism and cultural dialogue we can add sustainable development and globalisation , the benefits of which also have an effect in the country that provides these and i think that this is an example of successful coexistence between a world that is in the process of modernising itself and a world that still needs to become part of the change , but which has a great history of its own . NULL
a stable peace can only be achieved on the basis of prosperity , cooperation , economic integration , mobility between the peoples concerned , the exchange of ideas , exchanges between educational systems , the exchange of peoples , and all that the barcelona process entails , in its political , economic , cultural and social aspects , is , therefore , of extreme importance in this regard . educativi
the presence of the historical aspirations which i referred to earlier is clearly reflected in the educational content provided by both sides ; the young people on each side have been trained not in conciliation or in peaceful coexistence , but in hate . educativi
for this reason i would make a particular request to the commission that , in the context of political dialogue and the discussion of the country strategy papers , universal access to education should be considered as a priority issue , because education is indispensable for the development of populations , and without development it will be very difficult for us to talk about full respect for human rights . istruzione
as far as i can see , we have as many violations in the european union itself , such as violations of the right to work , to housing and to free education , health and welfare , as in other countries which the european union supports , such as turkey , israel and others . istruzione
in many cases , there is also a lack of fundamental human rights and social rights , such as the right to proper food , drinking water , education health care and work . istruzione
they have no , or poor , access to education . istruzione
we therefore welcome this prospect and the initial work , which will effectively guarantee rights such as the right to work , to education , health , housing , schooling , vocational training and fundamental rights , all of which are inseparable . istruzione
i acknowledge that integration into local communities is a complex and difficult matter but this is the approach we must pursue , with its consequences in terms of the right to health , education and employment . istruzione
these countries - most of which are located in africa - allocate on average 40 % of their annual budgets to debt servicing , which reduces their investment capacity and therefore their ability to offer their people basic social services such as healthcare and education . istruzione
however , the money that is saved from doing this must be reinvested , not in arms or in anything else , but in social budgets that will first and foremost improve public services , health and education . istruzione
we are quite prepared to pay good money for high-quality government services in the areas of education , health , public transport and the environment , and these should not be compromised by cutbacks . istruzione
we now have a much more positive view on reception conditions , in particular , issues such as more rapid and widespread access to education and vocational training , not just education for children . istruzione
many asylum seekers eventually exhaust every legal avenue open to them and are then excluded from education , income and housing . istruzione
despite these restrictions , it is a step in the right direction if children qualify for compulsory education and learn the language of the country , people can find work promptly , the quality of the housing improves and more account is taken of homosexual partners . scolastico
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0127 / 2002 ) by mr ojeda sanz , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a council decision amending decision 1999 / 311 / ec adopting the third phase of the trans-european cooperation scheme for higher education ( tempus iii ) ( 2000-2006 ) ( com ( 2002 ) 47 - c5-0096 / 2002 - 2002 / 0037 ( cns ) ) . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , i would firstly like to thank the staff for their excellent work and assistance in drawing up this report , and also those responsible in the commission for their willingness to help on this matter and , above all , i would like to show my appreciation for the impressive desire for dialogue shown by my fellow members in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which has enabled us to draw up this report with several important proposals that have been reached by consensus . cultura
this programme was set up in 1990 to meet the need to reform higher education in the central and eastern european countries while also encouraging europe-wide mobility in university studies . istruzione
the second phase of this trans-european cooperation scheme for higher education affected a total of thirteen partner countries for a four-year period and since 1997 the central and eastern european countries preparing for accession have gradually been abandoning the tempus programme to take part in socrates , the community 's general education programme . istruzione
the commission is now proposing to open up tempus iii to the mediterranean partners in order to meet the needs in that region for cooperation in the sphere of higher education . istruzione
in addition , and this is important , by widening the range of participants beyond the traditional academic community to secure the involvement of political leaders and civil society in general , we shall be encouraging a kind of cooperation in higher education that could play a key role in changing attitudes by affording an opportunity for the young generations to compare their respective values and national cultures . istruzione
therefore , i would emphasise the main objectives of the tempus programme as follows : to pave the way for the development of higher education , to respond more effectively to the socio-economic and cultural needs of the eligible countries , and to promote cross-cultural understanding , rapprochement , and the development of flourishing , free civil societies . istruzione
the reform and development of higher education structures associated with tempus iii is primarily , or among other things , to be seen as an opportunity for women . universitarie
one very ambitious objective is to highlight common cultural values through cooperation in higher education . universitario
it would also be encouraging if a ' think tank ' could be created , consisting of members of ngos , educators , administrators , and academics together with citizens from the participating countries . formatori
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0126 / 2002 ) by mrs gröner , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the commission white paper on a new impetus for european youth ( com ( 2001 ) 681 - c5-0110 / 2002 - 2002 / 2050 ( cos ) ) . istruzione
anyone , though , who listened attentively to the young people , heard them speak not only about such issues as education , lifelong learning , mobility , employment , social integration , anti-racism and the combating of xenophobia , but also about other important issues such as equality of opportunity for young women and young men , immigration , addiction to alcohol and other drugs as being important areas calling for action in europe . formazione
we too are called to take measures to accompany and support young people above all , in order to avoid social tensions and also adverse effects on our education systems and the labour market . formazione
it is true that continuing unemployment and the social problems which come with it , often poor standards of education and teaching and insecurity about the future disappoint and alienate youth from the rest of society . istruzione
despite the range of european student exchange programmes , for example , there are huge discrepancies between education systems . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0132 / 2002 ) by mrs pack , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision establishing the european year of education through sport 2004 ( com ( 2001 ) 584 - c5-0497 / 2001 - 2001 / 0244 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
as an initiative , the year of sport or of education through sport is a very good first step , and one that needs to be followed by many more . educazione
the title of ' year of education through sport ' is intended to restrict the events to schools . educazione
education through sport does not only happen in schools , but mainly in clubs and in an immense number of sporting organisations . educazione
the year of education through sport must also , i believe , make an impression on clubs and acknowledge the work they do . NULL
it involved both the schools and every sort of educational organisation , making it possible to spark many initiatives and get many new schemes moving . formative
i therefore welcome the proposal to pronounce 2004 european year of education through sport as an excellent initiative , and i should like to thank mrs pack for the thoroughness with which she has studied the proposal . educazione
in my view , it also emphasises precisely the educational side of sport , something which i very much applaud . educativo
my second point is that i am a member of two parliamentary committees , namely the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , and the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities , both of which have the rather sad or dubious privilege of working long hours on a regular basis . istruzione
education obviously serves as a basis for what may come later , namely performance and competition . NULL
indeed , we would like to take this opportunity to stress how important the initiatives and displays linked to the european year of education through sport will be , taking place as they will be in 2004 , the year when the european championship , the athens olympic games and the paralympic games will all be held as well . educazione
the european year of education through sport will therefore be an extremely important event and we are ready to give it our full attention . appresteremo
i believe that if we want the european year of education through sport - 2004 - to be a success , we must work hard to ensure that it does not end up as just another action that is set up by the eu but which never actually reaches the citizens . educazione
in this regard , and so that this action does not go unnoticed , i think we need to make use of all the institutions at local , regional and national level that have been working for a long time to promote the educational value of sport . educativi
the promotion , dissemination and study of all sciences related to physical activity and sport is the best weapon we have to educate people against intolerance and xenophobia and to support social integration . educare
unquestionably , sport is also of educational importance , as the report mentions . educativo
mr president , when i say that it is a pleasure to speak to you today about the european year of education through sport , i mean this sincerely , because i truly believe that we are nearing our goal and that we have finally made a good start to a process that will lead us to great and important things for our societies , but also , and above all , for the young people in these societies . educazione
in my view , the european year of education through sport is of political , practical and symbolic importance . educazione
it is of political importance , as it demonstrates that the commission is interested in fully harnessing the educational and social values of sport . educative
the european year will take place throughout the union , and i think that the eyes of the whole union will be on this event and it will be a wonderful opportunity to promote the social , educational and cultural values of sport , whilst reminding us of the roots of the games when sport was not simply a business , but was a festival of culture and education . educativi
this was a pilot project launched by the european olympic committees and the ministers for education in the three pilot countries : the netherlands , france and italy , with the support of the european commission . istruzione
on this basis , ladies and gentlemen , with your help , i think that , during the european year of education through sport , we will find many associations , many bodies , many volunteers who are willing to help us . educazione
this is also one of the key objectives of this european year , namely to encourage the educational institutions to work in partnership with sporting organisations . educative
formal training and non-formal education must be combined . istruzione
it is this educational and social dimension in which the community is interested . educativa
the proof of this is the numerous , practical aspects that the fp6 contains , such as human / social research , principles of integrating the issues of the environment , sustainable development , improved mobility , equal opportunities , the role of universities , education and openness to the world . insegnamento
bearing in mind all those who believe that the eu budget is forever growing out of all proportion , it may also be noted , especially for educational purposes , that we now have a budget whose share of the member states ' economies is decreasing . pedagogico
i also feel it is important and urgent that consideration be given to the recommendations of the green paper on corporate social responsibility , in cases of mergers and restructuring , so as to use benchmarking and other procedures to encourage the practice of informing and consulting workers and in order to find solutions based on employability and continuous education as alternatives to structural unemployment . formazione
all this creative accounting must stop ; the commission is already pressing for greater transparency and honesty in figures released by governments and stressing the urgent need to speed up the structural reforms needed , especially in pensions , the liberalisation of markets , especially the job and energy markets , and education standards , if the lisbon targets are to be met . istruzione
mr president , i voted for mrs pack 's report on the european year of education through sport 2004 . educazione
this is an excellent initiative and i fully endorse the goal of highlighting the educational value of sport . educativo
much can be gained from establishing partnerships between sporting organisations and educational establishments . scolastici
for too long sporting activities have come second to so-called formal education . educazione
lastly , once member states begin to co-operate more in this domain and demonstrate how they have mainstreamed sport into their education systems , we will finally come to realise the full potential that sport has to offer . educativi
this sort of transformation cannot be based simply on specific , fragmented measures ; it requires a sea change in community policies : we need to ditch budgetary prudence in favour of employment , we need to ditch privatisation and support state education , we need to ditch the policy of persecution and introduce a support framework for young people in a spiral of drug and alcohol dependency and we need to ditch the idea of fortress europe and start integrating immigrants ' children . istruzione
this proposal intends to guarantee that asylum seekers arriving in our states enjoy a minimum level of rights essential to a dignified life , including housing , free movement , family regrouping , schooling and education for children , access to employment and professional training . istruzione
neither healthcare nor education , as you have just heard , are on this list , and we have not addressed any requests to third countries in either the healthcare or education sectors , and , i must add , we ourselves have no intention , at least at this stage , of making offers in this field . NULL
as i understand it , the commissioner works on the principle of commitment , and i would like to ask him whether he can confirm once more that as far as he is concerned - and this is also a dynamic between the commission and parliament - this commitment in principle means that whatever we do not want to do to ourselves or ask of ourselves - for example in the field of water or in education , health care or other sectors - we will not impose on others either . istruzione
in july 2000 , the european union adopted binding legislation banning racial and ethnic discrimination at the workplace , in education , in the social field , etc . formazione
we also favour the promotion of investment in knowledge , in line with what was laid down in lisbon and barcelona , and we believe that we should not only invest in people , in education , in professional training and in apprenticeships , but also that we should propose a specific objective for research and development of up to 3 % of gdp , a figure that should be reached by 2010 . istruzione
amongst the challenges which the european union and the countries of latin america and the caribbean must face is the need to modernise education systems , to create an economic and social climate favourable to sustainable development and to establish mechanisms for good governance . educativi
in each of the strategic pillars on which this partnership is based , the political , the economic and cooperation in the social , educational and cultural fields , both regions have wanted to take a significant step forward . educativo
education , culture and access to knowledge are undoubtedly important keys to success in the 21st century . istruzione
finally , in the field of education , the commission has approved an ambitious scholarship programme under the name of alban . istruzione
on previous occasions my group has expressed its concern about the destination of certain aid for education . istruzione
i think that promoting education , integrating children into society and strengthening the family , as well as preventing the marginalisation of the weakest members of society , who are children , are some of the most important guidelines for the indicative programmes undertaken with these countries . istruzione
iraqi people are highly talented , most able and , until saddam hussein took over , they had a high standard of education and health and some democracy . istruzione
it is not only on behalf of my group , but also of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport that i can express overall support for mr rothley 's proposal . istruzione
secondly , development is proceeding slowly because , as i see it , we have models for both education and economics that are unduly top-down and reductionist . istruzione
developing food crops and fundamental public services , particularly in the areas of health , education and social protection , is the most likely way that poverty will be reduced because it will create jobs in rural areas . istruzione
concerning education - the union will also increase , over the next five years , the volume of development assistance in education and invite recipient countries to develop supportive policy frameworks and appropriate national budgets . istruzione
we will support the world bank ' education for all ? fast tracking initiative , and strengthen partnerships especially with unesco to build capacity and monitor progress ; we will also give priority to primary education and the closing of the gender gap . istruzione
from this point of view , the fight against hunger and poverty certainly requires us to cancel debt , support education and vocational training , increase technical assistance and encourage investment in these countries which are lagging behind . istruzione
in dispensing that money , we could offer to the children of many third world countries something like the hope that we can give to our own children , something like the life expectancy and opportunities for education . istruzione
the consequence will be that we and other donors provide some sort of basket funding enabling a government to carry out its education policy , its health sector policy , or whatever , rather than donors together deciding on a project . scolastiche
mr president , the preparatory meetings had grouped the issues for the summit into three areas : political dialogue , economic and trade cooperation and cultural , educational and social cooperation . educativa
the session on social policy and cultural and educational cooperation dealt with cultural diversity , the danger of technological backwardness , education , equality and social cohesion , sustainable development and the environment . educativa
in the field of education , which the summit has paid particular attention to , the new alban scholarship programme is of particular importance . istruzione
i believe that this is a milestone which deserves to be highlighted since it will decisively promote educational cooperation between europe and latin america and will allow for the highest-level education for latin american postgraduate students , with all that this implies in terms of aiding the development of these countries and overcoming the almost unilateral relationship between these societies and the united states of america . istruzione
i should also mention the support which the summit gave to the 2002-2004 action plan in the field of higher education with the objectives of improving the quality of education and facilitating the mobility of students . istruzione
in the field of education , the commission has just launched a brand-new scholarship programme , alban , which will allow 4 000 latin american postgraduate students to complete their training in europe . istruzione
in conclusion , mr president , it is my view that the european union , latin america and the caribbean have strengthened their political , economic , cultural , educational and social links . educativi
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the report we are discussing today is the result not only of the work of the committee on employment and social affairs , but also of the major contributions made by both the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , by means of the opinion delivered by mr alyssandrakis , and by the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities , by means of the opinion delivered by mrs swiebel . istruzione
i would remind you , because of their importance , of the main challenges identified in the joint report , which are : to develop an inclusive labour market and promote employment as a right and opportunity for all ; to guarantee an adequate income level and resources to live in human dignity ; to tackle educational disadvantage ; to preserve family solidarity and protect the rights of children ; to ensure good housing for all ; to guarantee equal access to high-quality services ( health , transport , social , care , cultural , recreational and legal ) ; educativi
consequently , the common challenge that community policies and the various national governments face is to ensure that the main mechanisms for the distributive effects of the labour market - the tax system , social security , education , housing , health and other public services - become sufficiently universal to respond to the needs of those who are most exposed to the risks of poverty and social exclusion . istruzione
our committee considers that education , culture and sport are major factors of social inclusion . istruzione
i should point out here that , if these factors are to have a positive effect , they need to operate in a beneficial social environment , an environment , for example , which knows how to make the best of highly skilled graduates of the education system . istruzione
our committee feels that measures to prevent and combat social exclusion in education and culture must be firmly anchored in the public sector . istruzione
more importantly , it considers that a free and public education system is a prerequisite to free accessibility without exclusions and calls on the member states to provide free compulsory education for a minimum of twelve years to all children . istruzione
it also considers that the education system should provide young people not only with basic skills , including digital skills , but also with a profound understanding of society that will enable them to become conscious actors of social progress . istruzione
we also clearly recognise , and this too is an accepted fact , that we need to join forces in the fight against exclusion and coordinate action on employment , health , housing , education and social protection . istruzione
the member states must ensure free access to education , including qualifications in the field of information technology and languages , and must promote lifelong learning . insegnamento
in conclusion , mr president , i am going to state here that one of the amendments proposes abandoning the eight challenges of which mrs figueiredo has spoken , including the rights to work , housing , education and health . istruzione
that is why the meps of the communist party of greece voted against the report , even though it retained a few positive points , including those i referred to in my intervention yesterday ( free , compulsory education for 12 years ) . istruzione
in addition to the political context , we will also continue our technical work to build support for our partnership initiatives , which can bring real benefits to developing countries in terms of poverty reduction , health and educational improvements and environmental protection . istruzione
that means seeing to basic services and health care , providing clean water for all , giving all children basic education , and , if possible , facilitating the participation of adults in educational programmes . istruzione
i will start , though , by saying a bit about education and training . formazione
multidisciplinary research , yes ; a european higher education area , with the synergies that implies for the european research area . istruzione
there is also , as you said , support for the creation of the european higher education area . insegnamento
i think that this idea of science and education has a bearing on our debate on the rules for participation , which is obviously important , but we also think that we need to ensure complementarity with contrasting and similar actions within the thematic priorities . di
other issues left pending from the barcelona european council and which will be addressed by the seville council are : the simplification and improvement of regulations - known as ' better regulation ' ; economic services of general interest - the commission will also present the report that has been requested of it ; energy supply - on which it will present another report ; telecommunications , education , research ; the outermost regions and sustainable development . istruzione
that money should be squandered like this on working premises is intolerable , especially when attempts are being made to cut back on the number of languages used in the work of the european union , which are vital if every citizen is to be able to enter parliament , irrespective of his or her level of education , and every citizen in the european union is to have a full understanding of the work of parliament . istruzione
they often live in appalling conditions with poor housing , a high level of unemployment and low educational standards . istruzione
i know the commission is dealing a lot with this , but we also have to look at how we get the sapard funds into enlargement states to help them build up their infrastructure , including their education systems . istruzione
on a recent visit to poland i found there were lots of problems with education , especially in the rural areas where very often young children were not going on to secondary school because they stayed at home to work on the farms . istruzione
these children are deprived of any chance to acquire a better education at school or play with other children their own age . istruzione
after all , we need to look for alternatives where labour , education , income and education are concerned . istruzione
over and above that , i agree with the ladies who spoke before me that the fight against the causes of child labour - poverty , poor education and inadequate training - has to be stepped up . istruzione
children are an important focal group in the community 's external aid , particularly in sectoral policies such as education and health . istruzione
the community is increasing its support to universal and compulsory primary education in all developing countries as part of its commitments to the " education for all " framework and the millennium development goals for education and gender equality . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0222 / 2002 ) by mr vander taelen , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport on the commission communication on certain legal aspects relating to cinematographic and other audiovisual works ( com ( 2001 ) 534 - c5-0078 / 2002 - 2002 / 2035 ( cos ) ) istruzione
mr president , your few months in the presidency have been long enough to make a caricature of what was agreed under previous presidencies on immigration and asylum , education and women 's employment and sustainable development . istruzione
basically , letting consumers decide for themselves if they want to eat genetically modified food is a problem , because even highly educated people know very little about the possible side effects . istruzione
there is no mention whatsoever of mutual responsibility in a relationship or of the indispensable role of parents and family in sex education , two decisive factors in preventing unwanted pregnancies . educazione
such statistics illustrate that this is a fact that will affect virtually every family sooner or later , particularly in those countries where sexual education and access to contraception remain sub-standard . educazione
every policy-maker must be acutely aware of their educational role and it is exactly for that reason that we must also prevent pregnancy from in future becoming something one either does or does not have insurance for . pedagogico
it would be more respectful to talk about the right to maternity , to informed maternity , about emotional education , but , above all , apart from a number of general and therefore largely acceptable statements , i feel that the entire report is based on the imperative of upholding the right to contraception , particularly emergency contraception - the morning-after pill - and to abortion , for both the member states and the candidate countries . educazione
whilst it is true that abortion , as the report states , must not be encouraged as a method of family planning , it is crucial that a health and social policy be put in place that enables women to resort less to abortion , specifically through the promotion of sexual education and of family planning properly targeting young people , so as to prevent unwanted pregnancies , specifically amongst adolescents . educazione
it takes issues which , when taken individually , are positive , such as the rejection of abortion as a method of family planning , the need to reduce the recourse to abortion and the viewing of sex education in a global and positive way , based on mutual respect and on responsibility . the report , however , confuses these issues with others that either correspond exactly to the opposite doctrine or which lead , as has been proved , to the opposite result . educazione
parliament is imposing on the candidate countries its own time-limited standards regarding abortion , contraception and sexual education concerning free sex . educazione
the educational choices which have to be made on this subject are the responsibility of parents and the family . educative
moreover , one cannot reduce sex education to mere contraception , nor regard abortion as a method of family planning . educazione
on the contrary , sex education is an apprenticeship preparing children for freedom , for responsibility and for respect for their own bodies and those of other people . educazione
it is worth pointing out that statistics show that the number of abortions is very low wherever there is a high level of free reproductive health and contraception services , in countries in which pregnant women facing difficulties , such as unmarried mothers , are given material support and where liberal legislation on the termination of pregnancy is combined with serious and effective sex education and information , especially for young people . educazione
in conclusion , i think that the european union and the council , and the candidate countries , should step up their efforts and should give priority to and formulate an integrated european policy on reproductive health , with the emphasis on prevention , contraception and sex education and information for young people . educazione
we shall be voting in favour of this report because it proposes a policy of encouraging sex education and contraception , because it clearly states that abortion should be legalised , safe and accessible to all , and because it calls on governments to refrain in any case from prosecuting women who have undergone illegal abortions . educazione
this report contains a number of positive elements , in particular with regard to information and prevention of sexually-transmitted diseases , better education in schools and improved access to family planning centres and clinics , in particular for young people . educazione
the report addresses the sensitive issue of sexual and reproductive health and rights , women 's reproductive health and the dissemination of contraceptive practices , it focuses at length on a policy of health and sexual education policy for young people , and , of course , it is also concerned with unwanted pregnancies and abortion . educazione
she does not suggest that the european institutions should take over the competences and responsibilities of the member states , but recommends that they adopt a policy of prevention - sexual education - and reminds us all that sexuality and reproductive health are , first and foremost , women 's rights . educazione
in order for men and women to obtain that freedom of choice , they must have access to information about the various options possible , and their respective consequences , hence the need for education about sex and the emotions , which plays a very important role . educazione
at the present time , in many countries , public policies aim to give women autonomy by means of a series of measures , including education , which must cover all areas of life if it is to be a tool of democracy . educazione
mr president , the van lancker report talks about prevention , education and health , but certain groups have tried to turn this into a report on abortion . educazione
the report also exposes the hypocrisy of failing to provide sufficient sex education and then refusing the possibility of abortion . educazione
better prevention and education will lead to fewer abortions . educazione
in all aspects of sexual and reproductive health , the more informed and the better educated the individual , the greater is the chance that they will avoid pitfalls , by taking responsibility for their health and wellbeing . istruiti
too often we overlook the importance of improving men 's education so as to change behaviour , attitudes and involvement . educazione
i hope that our member states will place a greater emphasis on the education and information of men in this important area . educazione
i would point out the importance to parliament of amendment no 29 and its counterpart in the euratom programme , amendment no 38 , which add criteria which can and should be taken into account , including activities to increase the role of women in research and to look at synergies with education . istruzione
the report points out that abortion rates are high in countries with poor sex education and where contraception is not emphasised . educazione
moreover , the report heralds a policy of educating and informing young people from an early age . sensibilizzazione
these measures are a violation of the integrity of children and will only serve to detach them from the family unit , whose key educative role is treated with profound contempt . educativo
the report therefore calls on all member states to establish a system for the distribution of free or very low-priced contraceptives , to legalise abortion , to develop proper information and education policies for young people and to support women who are victims of sexual abuse . educazione
healthcare services , abortion and education are the sole responsibility of member states and candidate countries , to be decided in line with their constitutional and legal requirements . istruzione
article 42.1 of the irish constitution states : " the state acknowledges that the primary and natural educator of the child is the family and guarantees to respect the inalienable right and duty of parents to provide , according to their means , for the religious and moral , intellectual , physical , and social education of their children " ( 42.1 ) . educatore
access to education and skills must be promoted , and water , renewable energies , health and agriculture must be put on the list of priorities for a new partnership to combat hunger in the world . istruzione
here are a couple of examples : investing in the millennium goals , that is agriculture , health and education ; and raising the level of aid from the g8 countries for this great battle to 0.7 % of their gross domestic product . educazione
mr president-in-office , do you not think that this interest in democracy and human rights is , to say the least , hypocritical when it comes to a country which , despite the long-standing and inhumane embargo imposed on it and the inexorable war being waged against it by the usa , has achieved the highest standard of living and education in central and latin america ? istruzione
it must first of all be prevented , through education about equality and through the adoption of intelligent policies that do not provoke undesirable reactions . educazione
on the other hand , however , the commission has always stressed that this must be a fight of a cultural nature and has for this reason already adopted various awareness-raising measures to combat racism and xenophobia in fields such as employment , immigration , asylum policy and the education system . istruzione
this covers care staff and craftsmen , people who work in transport and technical services , local businessmen , small businesses , local public services , etc . , and also includes vital infrastructure in the form of education , etc . formazione
in amendment no 2 , i advocate quantitative guidelines for education policy , about which , not surprisingly , opinion may be divided . propugnato
finally , it is important for us to make an effort in the education field , incorporating information about workers ' rights into vocational training so that such rights can be implemented , both in our own part of the globe and in the poor countries of the world . istruzione
the community will continue to provide support for health and education , as well as capacity-building to the provincial administrations , which should ultimately take responsibility for establishing and maintaining social structures and systems . istruzione
this is something they must do voluntarily as a result of education . educazione
about 0.7 % of their turnover in that country would go into investment projects to build intellectual , educational and infrastructural capacity in developing countries . educative
moreover , pressure in favour of the liberalisation of services endangers their public services , such as water , energy , communications , health and education . istruzione
so far , the socrates programme has made an important contribution to educational exchanges , but it is costly to run and smothered in red tape . istruzione
we still think the best way of creating jobs is to have a functioning internal market , to implement the stability and growth pact , to pursue the lisbon objectives and to introduce the four freedoms , a deregulated and more flexible employment market and an education system which encourages lifelong learning , diversification of skills and continuing learning . istruzione
if we are to see 70 % of the population of working age in employment by 2010 , this also requires helping older workers , giving people without good educational qualifications access to employment and getting disabled people into jobs , all of which means that supportive measures will be needed . professionali
violence against women and children takes place in all countries , regardless of class , race or level of education . istruzione
it is essential to create teaching programmes aimed at preventing violence , to be used in schools and adult education centres . istruzione
i am referring to the concern to develop an ongoing educational programme in schools , and also in the media , to combat stigma and cultural prejudices that still predominate in our societies . pedagogico
this will help us study and propose new ways of ensuring small agencies join the programme and areas in which little action has been taken so far , such as reviewing educational programmes which generate violence and educating teachers and journalists . pedagogici
i should also like to draw attention , however , to the field of prevention , by creating more high-quality employment , better social provision and support and by paying greater attention to education against violence , by providing more information and improving promotion of women and children 's rights . educazione
consequently , their protection and education cannot be dealt with within the family framework . formazione
it will require education and addressing the culture that we live in ; it requires addressing the attitudes of our media . riuscirci
all the health indicators show that health has been abominable for the last 23 years and there is a lack of education . istruzione
we also support the rapporteur 's proposals on the rehabilitation and treatment of aggressors , on undertaking comparative studies into legislation and punishment , on approaches to the problem of prostitution , to undertaking educational programmes which show that violence against women and children is unacceptable and on the creation of a common database on eliminating violence against women . educativi
and paying greater attention to the quality of work , to developing the social economy , to illiteracy , to combating illegal labour and discrimination against people with disabilities in terms of access to employment , to education and to vocational training . istruzione
there is no doubt that excessive consumption of alcohol needs to be stopped by means of appropriate education at an early stage . educazione
as has been said , governing this country means not just carrying out essential institutional reforms , starting with the constitution , but creating a basic banking system from scratch with all speed , disseminating education and promoting respect between the citizens and ethnic groups , rebuilding cities and infrastructure , separating military and civil affairs and creating anew industry and agriculture which will be able to survive in a globalised world . istruzione
more than 40 initiatives have been launched in areas as diverse as money laundering , illegal migration , people smuggling , child welfare , human rights , environmental protection , educational exchanges , lifelong learning and international cooperation . istruzione
among the matters to which we must attach importance are the fight against poverty and better access to education . istruzione
the subjects might well be the significance of education in the efforts to promote understanding of other cultures and civilisations , the importance of equal access to information and significance of closer contacts between the nations of europe and asia . istruzione
it is not enough to do as we did at asem iii and discuss all the problems we have in the world , taking in the economy , culture , politics and education , leaving the public to wonder after the event what actually came out of it all . istruzione
mongolia , for many reasons , not least because the structures of communism totally vanished there , destroying the industrial structure , but also because of its climatic conditions , has slid into an almost medieval state as far as industry , education and health are concerned . istruzione
however , i would point out that , so far , this dialogue has , for the most part , been held solely at the economic level and it needs to move on to political , educational and cultural issues . istruzione
how does the council intend to follow up the positive comments of the education and youth affairs ministers who met on 30 may last and highlighted the need to promote the participation of young people in political and civil life in the member states and acknowledged that it is necessary to be more receptive to young people and to take their views into account , both formally and substantively , and will the council outline the areas in which it considers that the views of young people should be taken into account ? istruzione
the honourable member is undoubtedly aware that the discussions in the education and youth council on 30 may , discussions concerning the participation of young people , took place in connection with the adoption of a resolution on the framework for european cooperation in the youth field . istruzione
first : it is crucial that we implement a strategy of promoting european citizenship , at both the institutional and legislative levels , and in terms of education and information . istruzione
furthermore , the member states and the competent authorities must use educational programmes to encourage a better knowledge of europe , particularly in the form of history and language teaching . educativi
there is a need for measures to demolish , and quickly , the barriers which exist at present and still hamper the freedom of movement and of residence of people who are called eu citizens , which do not guarantee all eu citizens access to the law and to justice to the extent that they desire , and which , above all , hamper the mobility of students in schools and higher education , of apprentices , and also of teachers and the workforce . formazione
we urge the council rapidly to adopt this proposal and thereby end the existing discrimination and to ensure that these persons can , in the field of employment , education and social security , enjoy rights close to those held by citizens of the union . istruzione
what can we also say about mobility for education purposes ? istruzione
one of the things that the sites constantly emphasise is education - the education of young people . educazione
the next item is the report ( a5-0224 / 2002 ) by mrs van brempt , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the commission communication on making a european area of lifelong learning a reality [ com ( 2001 ) 678 - c5-0165 / 2002 - 2002 / 2073 ( cos ) ] . istruzione
if we fail to provide better and equal access to education and training via lifelong learning , then we have failed in our objective . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like , first of all , to thank the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , and particularly its rapporteur , for its commitment and also for the constructive criticism that has been made . istruzione
i am also pleased to note that parliament supports the broad principles that the commission has emphasised in its communication , in particular with regard to the broad objectives that lifelong learning seeks to achieve and the need for every citizen , and i stress , every citizen , to have access to education and to lifelong learning . istruzione
we know that , today , we are far from achieving the target : only 8 % of european adults have access to lifelong learning and almost two out of ten young people leave the educational system without any qualifications . scolastico
what is needed , therefore , to resolve these two problems - education and lifelong learning - is the mobilisation of all the actors involved and of the financial resources needed . istruzione
i should like to highlight three of them : basic skills , investment and the european area of education and lifelong learning . istruzione
the member states and the commission are currently working on the issue of basic skills by implementing the work programme on objectives for education and training systems . istruzione
it is indeed true , mrs van brempt , that where lifelong learning is concerned , we are leaving the framework of formal education and entering that of informal education , and , as a result , are working with partners which are not traditionally academic . istruzione
we will , therefore , be extending the issue of education and lifelong learning to encompass our future partners in the european union . istruzione
training and lifelong learning are based on education , which has huge problems of its own , and training cannot replace a poor education . istruzione
we have huge inequalities between the member states in the field of education , as the report acknowledges , and consequently we also have huge vacuums and huge problems in lifelong training . istruzione
one typical example is that we have yet to reach an agreement on what constitute basic skills in education . istruzione
likewise , education systems need to be changed and improved . scolastici
however , this is only a kind of policy of piracy , since the reality of education policy in the member states is completely different . istruzione
priorities have to be set and expenditure on education has to be weighed up against other forms of expenditure . istruzione
since we know that it will be difficult to get funding for in-school training , it is extremely important that we try to create the kinds of organisations and jobs that provide scope for continuous training , education and learning as part of the labour process . istruzione
i believe that , from now on , we must implement a policy of proximity , of accessibility , and that really is sustainable development : bringing education closer to people and making it more flexible . istruzione
in this respect , i believe that we must implement these expansion policies throughout the territory and prevent education causing people to be uprooted from their regions , as many women are because they have to move away to be educated . istruzione
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , since the lisbon summit , education and training have become a more and more important part of eu strategy . istruzione
commissioner reding has appropriately described the situation regarding education and training as undergoing a quiet revolution . istruzione
the european parliament and its committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport have barely played any part in setting targets for education and training . istruzione
furthermore , the open coordination method that has been adopted in the education sector has caused the main focus of the debate to move away from the forum of democratically elected bodies to one made up of civil servants . istruzione
equality of education is , for many reasons , very difficult to bring about . istruzione
however , it is precisely education that is the path to equality . istruzione
for that reason i wish to emphasise the need for setting special targets so that the provision of lifelong learning can be made to include people who failed to finish their secondary education , are untrained , have special needs and learning difficulties , or who are socially underprivileged . istruzione
we should remember that a quality secondary education creates a basis for lifelong learning . istruzione
although it is the responsibility of member states to organise education , we need practical european targets and measures . istruzione
permanent education is a sweeping term and can range from teaching correct manners to very technical further training courses , from infant education to university courses . istruzione
nevertheless , i should like to drive home the message that we should not lose sight of the quality of education . istruzione
we may need to set up a quality evaluation programme for this purpose , as is done in regular education . istruzione
i should also like to draw the attention to the importance of the citizens ' own responsibility for their education . istruzione
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , having spoken yesterday evening on european citizenship , i am pleased to be able to speak this morning , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the matter of the european area of education and learning . istruzione
the link is clear , and was , furthermore , emphasised by the feira european council , where it was stated that ' education and lifelong learning are an essential policy for the development of citizenship ' . formazione
ladies and gentlemen , as everyone has said , education and learning must be accessible to everyone so that everyone has the same opportunities to find their place in society . istruzione
inequalities become clear as soon as children enter the educational system , and are responsible for many academic failures , before breeding social exclusion in later life . istruzione
this is a downward spiral and hence the vital importance of adopting a coordinated strategy at european level which provides access for every european citizen to a decent and sufficient minimum standard of education and of learning . istruzione
finally , in order to create a european area of education , equal opportunities in the field of education and training must be guaranteed for everyone , in particular for women , through close cooperation between all the social actors concerned . istruzione
i shall finish by very warmly congratulating mrs van brempt on her work and her report and by pointing out that education and lifelong learning are not only a social necessity but a major social right too . istruzione
it is not simply a matter of training for particular job skills , although people with a low educational base face a higher risk of unemployment and such inequalities of education need to be particularly targeted in the case of both women and men . istruzione
training cannot replace a poor education and there is considerable risk that those with a strong education base will benefit further from lifelong learning and those without it will become even further marginalised . istruzione
the best approach is one whereby the government pays for the education that a person receives before entering the labour market . istruzione
if we genuinely wish to create a europe of knowledge by encouraging equal opportunities , it is crucial to offer every citizen of the union equal access to education and to lifelong learning . istruzione
thirdly , it is crucial to agree on a target for annual expenditure in the field of education and lifelong learning and to provide fiscal or other incentives to encourage investment by employers and individual citizens . istruzione
finally , i wish to focus on the european dimension of education and training , which requires mastery of a second language . istruzione
the european area of education and lifelong learning is a huge workshop and we must establish it without delay to enable all of our fellow citizens to benefit more from this right to learn . istruzione
the european union cannot realistically achieve that alone , considering that 1 % of the total budget is invested in culture and education . istruzione
we should extend education centres . istruzione
we also need to take advantage of all possible instruments , such as loans from the eib , in order to extend our educational systems so as to create a modern and efficient educational system . istruzione
we need to involve the informal sector and accelerate the political process of adult education , we need a new learning culture to secure sustainable development of the most precious resource at our disposal - people and their minds . apprendimento
if we want high-quality teaching , we must take steps to establish a common basic curriculum and review all the european education systems . istruzione
there therefore needs to be a whole strategy for strengthening primary and secondary education , and we can introduce lifelong learning measures after that . istruzione
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if you think that education is too expensive , ' try ignorance ! ' as abraham lincoln said , and this is why i welcome the report by mrs van brempt and the truth and relevance of the ideas she has just put forward . istruzione
as she has illustrated so well , in our societies , equal opportunities , personal development and the ability to take charge throughout one 's life are dependent upon better access to education and training . istruzione
finally commissioner , i am categorically opposed , as i hope you are , to the idea that the price for even a tiny part of this education should be met by those who are precisely in greatest need of it . istruzione
the commission talks in one place about a voluntary minimum quality standard and in another place about a modular system that needs to be worked out by 2003 and which would allow people to combine different educational and vocational training establishments . scolastica
access to education and training should no longer be dependent on people 's level of education , gender and nationality and on infrastructural issues . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0183 / 2002 ) by mrs gutiérrez-cortines , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on universities and higher education in the european learning area [ 2001 / 2174 ( ini ) ] . istruzione
madam president , i would like to thank the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport for having accepted this proposal to carry out a study on universities and higher education in the european area of knowledge . istruzione
however , before discussing the main issue , i would like to say that there are no amendments and that simply , in order to aid the reading of the text , i would ask the secretary for the plenary session to introduce two subtitles : ' european area of higher education ' , before item 1 and ' bologna process ' , before item 5 . istruzione
it is necessary to reinforce the creation of a european area of education and , to this end , the universities must be protagonists . istruzione
evaluation , transparency and quality should be the responsible reaction of these bodies which are generally funded with public money and in which society trusts to educate our future generations . istruzione
this is the reason why my colleague responsible for research , mr busquin , and i are preparing a communication on the role of the universities in the europe of knowledge , a role which cuts across research , education and innovation . istruzione
madam president , commissioner , i would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , our colleague , mrs gutiérrez-cortines , because i believe she is the most suitable person to be rapporteur for this report on universities and higher education , and she has demonstrated her great experience in this field . istruzione
the pre-condition is , however , that they should offer high-quality education in an attempt to create centres of excellence within the academic world . istruzione
as a result , the standard of education provided is falling across the board . istruzione
the communist party of greece is radically opposed to the bologna process , to private universities , to interventions via the green paper , to the so-called european area of higher education and , of course , to the creation of a seat of european universities , all of which eradicate independence and the free circulation of ideas . istruzione
if we let them become so , we shall dash any hopes which young people have of acquiring a rounded education and any hope which society has of a better future . istruzione
many higher education establishments are already suffering a funding crisis and european union higher education legislation will not be brought closer without proper financial commitment . istruzione
i fully agree with mrs gutiérrez-cortines that the time has come for europe not just to fund but to manage and promote a model of education without frontiers at european level , restoring research to its institutional home , the university . istruzione
i therefore feel i must stress the importance of consolidating the european higher education area , an assuredly important goal which , although involving the individual universities of the member states , would affect neither their autonomy nor their cultural history while providing for what will , i am sure , be high-quality teaching .  
i deeply believe that the establishment of a network of higher education and the results of research will not only bring reciprocal evaluation of performance but will make any monitoring process more cost-effective too . universitaria
madam president , there is no doubt about the importance of universities and education . istruzione
in fact , education itself is so important that prime minister blair has said in the past that he only has three policies : education , education and education . istruzione
but the high profile of education in the political arena makes universities and other institutions especially vulnerable to external pressure . assegnata
democracies also have a problem here because our educational establishments rely predominantly on the state for their funding and he who pays the piper seeks to call the tune . istruzione
as a result we have seen increasing interference in our educational establishments . istruzione
that of course is why the european union is so interested in universities and further education . istruzione
madam president , mrs gutiérrez-cortines ' report on universities and higher education in the european learning area is full of good intentions . insegnamento
indeed , as professor vattimo rightly said , there is a great deal of emphasis on providing a genuine guarantee of the educational experience . educativa
this is so true that , although professor vattimo the mep may not be able to acknowledge it for ideological reasons , professor vattimo the university lecturer is quite aware that studying for a degree under ' the prof ' is different from doing so under any other tutor , to the extent that the guarantee of the educational experience that he provides is not the fact that it is the state which runs the university of turin but his love of the truth and his love of the adventure of learning . educativa
it is timely because its description of the university situation and its interesting proposals put an end to what has been several years of slow progress in terms of european construction in the education field , during which we have seen little more than passivity and rhetoric . istruzione
the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world is still waiting for us to be able to create a european area of higher education . istruzione
the fact that the european university sector , with its fifteen million students and 600 000 teachers , is the most dynamic sector in our society , and the fact that we are adopting reports such as these , are hopeful signs which lead us to believe that , despite nationalist resistance in the council , the autocratic attitude of some of our universities and the apathy of the commission and parliament in this sector , we will finally achieve the stated objective of a european area of higher education which is worthy of the name . istruzione
i must , however , express some reservations about the self-confessed goal of this report through the creation of a european area of higher education . istruzione
our universities can become the laboratories of unified europe with their educational and teaching programmes and the cooperation and mobility of students and teachers which they can promote . educativi
what we all have to understand is that convergence and promoting educational cohesion can be achieved with all due respect for diversity and , at the same time , by introducing systems which recognise and promote the added value of the special attributes of our universities . istruzione
it is a way of exerting ideological and psychological pressure on the workers into blaming themselves for unemployment and accepting long-term unemployment and of destroying the link between education and job prospects . istruzione
we are radically opposed to this policy and we are fighting for the abolition of all forms of discrimination or obstacles to equal access for all young people to a free , standard , state education until the age of 18 , the sort of education which is vital for subsequent professional specialisation , an education that will help young people put their ideas in order , acquire scientific criteria against which to measure nature and society and become conscientious contributors to social progress . istruzione
we endorse the proposal that the commission should draft a green paper on higher education in order to launch what is known as the bologna process . istruzione
in particular , it proposes that the commission should develop ( albeit ' acting in close collaboration with the member states ' ) a ' european framework of basic skills ' to be acquired by all students before they leave compulsory school education . studi
despite the statements to the contrary , the set of measures that we have already seen , some of which are already underway , suggest an attempt to cut costs by the member states in higher education , as is happening in portugal . istruzione
we therefore wish to stress our opposition to attempts to commercialise knowledge , to reduce the role of public higher education , to make structural changes to the social function of higher education and to its organisational structures and to attempts by the ruling classes to hijack the contents and objectives of education for ideological reasons . istruzione
while education remains a national competence , it is important that the eu give whatever support possible to educators and students , particularly in areas where new and innovative courses and qualifications are needed . istruzione
indeed , it is not just the authors of the crimes who are guilty : the state which ought to be carrying out scrutinies and monitoring and guaranteeing that these crimes do not happen , preventing them , and which ought to be educating its citizens to respect the law , is guilty too . educare
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which supports commissioner vitorino 's information policy , has unanimously proposed there should be additional resources for the budget headings concerned with information . istruzione
it is regrettable that agreements made since the reform of external assistance still mean that three times as much european aid is spent on transport as on health and education , combined , for the poorest people in greatest need . istruzione
let me first address the issue mentioned by mr howitt , of the amounts targeted towards health and education . istruzione
the agreement last year on a 35 % benchmark on health and education is an input indicator for our commitments to social infrastructure . istruzione
the commission will provide the breakdown of figures against the various dac codes from the oecd showing commitments in 2002 and 2003 for health and education . istruzione
mr howitt has already mentioned focusing on health , education and efforts to combat poverty . istruzione
i should like to say to mr nielson that one of the reasons why we are returning to these areas in order to clarify them is that the commission 's work in the field indicates that it is specifically health care and education that still receive an extremely small proportion of the aid , something we regard as being manifestly wrong and clearly not good enough . istruzione
the figures mentioned by mr wijkman in this ongoing discussion on how much we do on health and education , the money devoted specifically to the global health fund , is of course not the whole story . istruzione
the northern dimension also offers immense scope for cooperation in the field of cultural and research policy and higher education . istruzione
we have seen important structural changes in most member states , qualitative changes in employment policies and numerous countries have made progress in energising the job market , preventing long-term unemployment , introducing the most employment-friendly tax systems yet , gradually adapting education and training systems and introducing more flexible labour standards . istruzione
those who already have a high level of education also help themselves to most of the education offered in the labour market , and those who have least education do not obtain as much . istruzione
thirdly , a very solid and continuously evolving education and training system , because the real tools we should use to adapt our workforce to the present , as well as future , conditions are those of education and knowledge . NULL
if , by our discussions here tonight and our work over the next year each of us could get one single person into a quality job we could achieve a lifetime 's work because we have helped our fellow human beings to help themselves and they in turn can be the trainers , educators and ambassadors of the future . educatori
on the basis of my own experience in the member states i would say that the first pillar - employability , which deals above all with further education and training - is still far too haphazard , arbitrary and shortsighted . istruzione
furthermore , any employment strategy should commit the member states to taking the initiative in creating the hundreds of thousands of jobs lacking in all the member states of the european union , in hospitals , the public transport sector , the postal sector , or in education . istruzione
the objectives of full employment , education , lifelong learning , all of which have been cited , are in fact parallel objectives which largely fall outside the scope of the guidelines for each sector alone . istruzione
everyone is in favour of cleaner water , less poverty and more education , but in my view , the heads of state or government should have directed their energy more towards achievable and concrete projects . istruzione
the next item is the oral question ( o-0040 / 02- b5-0254 / 02 ) by mr rocard , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , to the commission on the action taken by the commission on the mhp ( multimedia home platform ) . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , thank you for your detailed reply to the question put by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which has been considering how we can find a way of guaranteeing a free flow of information and freedom of choice for viewers in the digital era . istruzione
so , as you see - and my thanks here to all my honourable friends in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and in the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy who helped here - we refer to the resolution and voluntary implementation of this resolution , but in the time specified and for the purpose specified . istruzione
mr president , i am very pleased to be participating in this debate , not as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport but as one of the rapporteurs on the electronic communications package and a member both of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy and the committee on legal affairs and the internal market . istruzione
in this report , which i had the honour of drafting , in accordance with the hughes procedure , in cooperation with the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and incorporating the opinions of the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities and the committee of the regions , which proved to be important and valuable contributions - i would highlight various measures intended to promote occupational and geographical mobility and the elimination of obstacles to their full realisation , some of which i shall now discuss . istruzione
firstly , local authorities should be involved in setting up a network of industry-based and educational advisory bodies to bring the world of work and education systems closer together ; other , more effective actions need to be taken in order to reduce regional imbalances given that the basic reason for regional inequalities in terms of employment growth is the differences in the skill and educational levels and the mobility and adaptability of the labour force ; educativi
i should like to point out that we need coordination and we need collaboration between the member states on education and vocational training , especially when it comes to the mobility of young people , exchanges of best practices and transparent professional qualifications . istruzione
mr president , firstly i would like to thank mrs bastos and the committee on employment and social affairs for the satisfactory way in which the opinions of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport were taken into consideration in the report on the mobility of skills . istruzione
in its opinion , however , the committee on culture also highlights the broader objectives of a basic education and its fundamental importance . istruzione
although education is the responsibility of the member states , we also need common actions and objectives . istruzione
in 2000 the number of those who received further education at the very least varied among the member states from 78 % right down to less than 20 % . istruzione
it will be difficult to establish a firm basis for competitiveness unless we raise levels of education . istruzione
the commission 's action plan quite rightly emphasises the fact that education systems must improve their ability to answer the needs of the labour market . istruzione
if education systems are made more flexible it will be possible , for example , to heighten interest in mathematics and the natural sciences . istruzione
first of all , the smes which are , of course , of key importance to the economic structure , and mrs bastos ' report which naturally mainly concerns the labour market structure and the eu 's education and training structure . istruzione
this means that growth does not always bring jobs , mainly due to weaknesses and rigidity on the labour market , such as the difficulty young people and women have accessing the labour market , the mismatch between the demands of the labour market and the skills of graduates of our educational establishments and the survival in numerous areas of the union of anachronistic and outdated perceptions of work and the value of women 's work . istruzione
it is a complex issue to do with education , vocational training , social insurance , taxation and , of course , language skills . istruzione
finally , a few words on higher education . istruzione
the erasmus programme , which has already been mentioned , and the figure of one million students moving round europe do not add up to a serious endeavour to increase the cross-cultural dimension of education and to familiarise students with educational systems and prepare them to become mobile european workers . istruzione
they need to be prepared at all stages of their education and we need to make it easier for students to move from one university to another . formativo
one study , albeit somewhat superficial , of the differences between the systems and the lack of reception facilities for students moving from one university to another illustrates quite clearly that the borders to education have yet to fall and that this is an area on which we need to bring initiative and daring to bear . istruzione
there is a tremendous need in terms of employment , housing , public infrastructures for health , education and water , while inequality and foreign reserves have never been so high . istruzione
i am also delighted at the references to promoting the role of women in economic and social development through education , vocational training , better family planning programmes and the media . istruzione
in two years , he has restored to côte d 'ivoire a minimum rule of law , revitalised the education system , gained the trust of the international institutions and above all , provided conditions for national reconciliation by forming a government made up of all the opposition parties , and i would point out to mrs thors that the rdr ( rassemblement des républicains ) party entered the government in august 2002 . educativo
as regards the availability of the financial resources granted , in my capacity as rapporteur of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , which is the committee responsible , i call for a timeframe of two years so that the fund can provide aid to restore immediately key infrastructures such as energy , water supply and treatment , communication , transport , health and education . istruzione
- ( fr ) access to education and to lifelong learning , and all the measures taken to promote the mobility of young people and workers will make a fundamental contribution to the stimulation of employment in europe . NULL
education should be centred around the learning of a second community language and new technologies . istruzione
it provides recipes for the way in which a labour market can function more effectively by better tailoring education to work . istruzione
i support the measures designed to promote cooperation in the field of education and training with the aim of establishing a common framework for the mutual recognition of professional qualifications , in cooperation with the social partners and educational and professional training establishments . istruzione
it must be sensible to allow those who wish to work , train or acquire an education to do so . istruzione
the eu 's own social inclusion strategy recognises the links , for example , between poor housing , poor health and poor educational attainment . scolastici
also the reduction in the time limits for enjoying working , educational and childcare rights , as well as the extension of the residency permit . istruzione
it is obvious that minors benefiting from international protection must have full access to the state education system ; this is an obvious fact recognised in several international conventions . istruzione
we believe that it is dangerous to fail to protect minors , to fail to educate them , to fail to give them the minimum they need to be able to live together . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0264 / 2002 ) by mrs fraisse , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the importance and dynamics of the theatre and the performing arts in an enlarged europe ( 2001 / 2199 ( ini ) ) . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , what strikes a new member , such as myself , on joining the european parliament , and the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , is that there is no coherent vision with regard to culture in europe . istruzione
this approach is combined with that which is increasingly common in international trade negotiations , which seek to subject health and education to the laws of the market within the framework of the liberalisation of services . istruzione
if it is not clear , how can we be expected to aid and abet contradictory procedures , which resolve a few temporary problems ( intellectual property rights , movement , education ) , but which also expose the fact that these problems were caused by the intervention of big business in each country 's culture ? istruzione
as budget rapporteur for the committee on culture , i cannot but help notice that we spend one tenth of the money on education that we spend on olives . istruzione
adult women receive less vocational training and education than their male colleagues . istruzione
they bring with them a wide range of highly educated , extremely interesting people , who will enrich immeasurably the territory we are shaping together , and it is precisely their contribution to the creation of a new treaty which is absolutely crucial in ensuring that this takes into account the many cultural and national aspects which should go into building the new europe . istruzione
as for the so-called social model , the workers know all about that , with jobs being slashed , unemployment portioned out , the welfare and pension system dismantled and health and education privatised . istruzione
was not commissioner byrne right when he said that questions of education , health and housing provision - and their financial implications - are best left to elected politicians rather than judges ? istruzione
we need to engage in education in the real sense , to open minds to the fact that the world is extremely diverse and could be a very tolerant and good place to live if we could only live with each other . istruzione
thank you , therefore , for that bit of educational guidance . informativo
they have no access to water , sanitation , electricity , health services or education . istruzione
with growers receiving such a poor reward for their efforts , it is not surprising that oxfam describes this as a situation that affects health and education and the whole rural community . istruzione
payments to the palestinians must also be resumed so that european money can once again be used for development projects in education and care rather than payment support . istruzione
these countries lie at the heart of mediterranean europe , and it is therefore in the common interest of all the community institutions , as well as our duty to the peoples living in the area , to provide the aid , decisions and related measures necessary to help these countries address what we feel are the current fundamental problems : problems in the field of education and training , combating organised crime , and , in particular , the endeavours to achieve democracy . educazione
numerous discussions , debates and demonstrations in florence called for public services to be safeguarded , so that water , health and education might become common assets . istruzione
you have also said that we must spend better , we want to move towards basic social spending such as education . istruzione
we are preparing to do bigger things in the hipic global health fund , education for all . istruzione
relevant topics to be raised in that dialogue include basic education , where our aim is to strengthen the secular education system , fostering trade and business links and human rights issues , which are an essential element of the new agreement . istruzione
i believe we must make a major effort in the fields of cooperation and trade and carry out political analysis in the areas of development and education , and i also believe that the human rights of all people should be upheld , even those accused of terrorism . educazione
the only path that can lead to better standards of living for the people of pakistan involves democracy , changing from military rule to civil rule and opportunities for a democratically elected government to implement reforms in the areas of education and employment . istruzione
two : in order to do this , we need an economic , employment , education , research policy and social policy strategy developed jointly by the member states , the council , the commission and the european parliament . istruzione
i think it important that animal experiments should also cover the use of animals for educational purposes , and we must look at the conditions under which transgenic and genetically modified animals are used in experiments . didattici
access to the labour market , to vocational training and education is just one part of what this system should set up . istruzione
we cannot , however , support the proposals that eliminate the granting of social benefits such as access to the labour market , to vocational training and to education . istruzione
they should be given the opportunity to start a new life , with access to suitable housing , medical and psychological care , and access to the job market , education and training . istruzione
this permit , which is renewable every six months , is accompanied ( article 12 ) by an authorisation for the holder to have access to the labour market , vocational training and education . istruzione
as you know , france has not yet ratified the european convention on human rights , unfortunately , and recent decisions adopted by the council of state have condemned the intensive teaching of indigenous languages and equal teaching in state education , in state schools . istruzione
i have no doubt that these programmes are important for transnational cooperation in the united europe , and indeed necessary for it , and that they supplement the education system . istruzione
for we are , after all , agreed that good education is the basis for future economic success and for europe 's ability to compete in the world . istruzione
this is , in particular , the case as regards relationships with national agencies in managing the decentralised parts of the programmes , or its intention to make progress , as soon as possible , in the direction indicated by the court , in other words dismantling the temporary technical assistance office as soon as the commission is able to use an implementing agency for the educational programme . educativo
lastly , the commission will give the greatest consideration to the opinion of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which stresses the importance it will attach to the interim evaluation of these two new programmes for the period 2000-2006 and to the simplification of the new generation after 2006 , in order to guarantee the implementation of more effective management as well as simplified procedures , in particular where the granting of small subsidies is concerned .  
in order to nip in the bud any tall tales about post-2000 implementation , i would also like just to remind the commissioner - and i know this is not exactly his area of competence - that , as at 6 december this year , we had eur 500 million left over in the b31 budget line covering education and youth programmes . istruzione
mr president , cooperation in the field of education in europe has brought many students together from different parts of the european union , as well as students from the accession countries . istruzione
we must also ensure that , while they are abroad , students continue to receive education grants from their home member states and that the erasmus programme is not exclusive to those who can afford it . studio
these programmes aggressively impose the euro-unifying education model in the field of education and youth and are designed to familiarise young people with so-called european ideals . NULL
i therefore agree with maintaining these programmes and the budgetary approach that is proposed , because it is of crucial importance that we continue to promote the creation of a european educational area through informal educational experiences amongst young people , including physical mobility in particular , to promote lifelong learning , foreign language learning , greater use of new technologies in education and to promote cooperation at european level between the various education providers concerned . educativo
the other 90 % are on personal leave because of family or educational obligations or they are undertaking external courses . istruzione
it also takes skilled , educated workers from these countries , depriving them of the building blocks of economic development . istruiti
thirdly , promoting the integration of legal immigrants , one of the keys to the success of any immigration policy , by means of measures which include family reunification , the education of children , non-discrimination , access to housing , facilities for the learning of the language of the reception country , or social or health measures . istruzione
european year of education through sport 2004 educazione
the next item is the debate on the recommendation for second reading by mrs pack ( a5-0419 / 2002 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the council common position for adopting a european parliament and council decision establishing the european year of education through sport 2004 [ 9605 / 2 / 2002 - c5-0498 / 2002 - 2001 / 0244 ( cod ) ] . istruzione
it is admittedly not being called the year of sport , but , for many understandable reasons , the ' year of education through sport 2004 ' . educazione
it is about using a large number of projects to highlight sport 's role in informal learning and its educational value , and also the close partnership between school sport and the services provided by the many kinds of sporting organisations that exist in europe . educativo
to come to the point , the objective and rationale of the ' european year of education through sport 2004 ' is not to show what people are capable of in the sporting arena - something that we can demonstrate to ourselves to our own satisfaction every day of the year on dozens of television channels - but to show what sport can do in human terms and for people . educazione
that would be a fitting climax for the year of education through sport . educazione
it is our intention to establish a platform for educational measures in sport above and beyond frontiers , institutions of state education and organisations . educative
i think i will leave it at that , but would like to thank the council and the commission and express the hope that we will all be able to take the idea of this year of education through sport back to our communities , and that , eventually , the convention will be astute enough to give sport a legal basis . educazione
it is also the first time that such a clear message has been sent to our citizens , showing them that the community institutions will henceforth be concerning themselves with the social and educational potential of sport and its fundamental role in informal education . educativo
i am sure that a european year of education through sport can make a decisive contribution to the promotion of the ideals we share , the ideal of sport as having an educational role and as a means of imparting values . educazione
today , therefore , the decision that you are about to adopt with your vote is good news for the worlds of education and sport . educazione
you highlighted the need for a partnership between sports organisations and education organisations . educative
lastly , you clarified the objectives of our year of education through sport and you pointed out the need to respect the principle of subsidiarity and the respective competences . educazione
at its last meetings , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport deemed that the council 's common position gave due consideration to parliament 's main concerns , and i believe that is the case .  
i am therefore quite convinced , ladies and gentlemen , that this european year of education through sport will be a great year . educazione
our work on the value of sport , on social and educational sport , will help to bring this about . educativo
i am delighted to say that education and sport are at the centre of everyone 's daily concerns . educazione
furthermore , it is a great tool for educating on issues such as the environment , food , health , teamwork etc . educativo
we must take advantage of the fact that 2004 is the european year of education through sport in order to demonstrate to the europeans that we in the european union are also concerned about sport and that we attach much importance , for example - since i do not want to give an interminable list - on the benefits which it brings for health , for the integration of people in our europe and for the fight against xenophobia . educazione
the european year of education through sport can make use of this public interest in order to highlight the social value of sport . educazione
there is already evidence , provided by numerous studies , of sport 's educational value , of its capacity for preventing ill-health and rehabilitating after illness , of the social skills that it imparts to young people and the elderly , and of much else that has already been mentioned . attitudini
that is also underlined by our call for clubs to be involved in the year of education through sport - something not called for in the first proposals . educazione
there are 600 000 sports clubs , with thousands of officials , and they make a very important and essential educational contribution that we can never dispense with . educativo
up to now , the european union has primarily paid attention to professional sport and much less to recreational sport and its cultural , educational and social merits . educativi
in this european year the spotlight will be on sports education and training for young people , and this is therefore something to be celebrated . educazione
it is also true to say that less and less time and attention is devoted to sports education at school , a trend that urgently needs to be reversed . educazione
apart from being an important social phenomenon and a way to improve psychological and physical health , sport is also an excellent educational instrument which helps young people acquire important social skills . educativo
that is why i strongly and warmly welcome the celebration of the european year of education through sport 2004 . educazione
our dear friends , mrs zabell , mrs matikainen-kallström and mr mennea , are in some way an example , evidence of the simple fact that educating people through sport means producing a generation which knows the value of things as well as the price . educare
in other words , i believe that the european year of education through sport may be the right stimulus to get schools to do something for the european youth of tomorrow , to change the fate of a generation , so that , in the future , we have different young people who not only become champions but , more importantly , become people who see sport as a path to truth , in other words who become champions of humanity , for a champion of humanity can become a sporting champion too . educazione
mr president , commissioner , the main effect of sport on those who participate in it is the promotion of physical and mental health , as well as education in tolerance , respect for rules and acceptance of a result by everybody . educa
educating through sport means ensuring democratic values for future generations and this must appear in the treaties . educando
you have done some really excellent work for many years now to promote sport and physical education . educazione
by handing public services over to private interests , you are removing or restricting the access of those in the lowest income bands to education , healthcare , postal services and proper transport . istruzione
there must be a closer relationship between the educational and the sports systems , in other words , between school and club , associations , organisations , and also local authorities . educativo
by adopting the council common position , it aims to conclude an issue that i feel is of considerable importance : designating 2004 as the european year of education through sport . educazione
sport is acknowledged to be a major social phenomenon in europe , and constitutes an extremely important educational tool . educativo
like the rapporteur , i feel that the importance of the effect that the olympic ideals can have on education should be emphasised . educazione
i therefore welcome the decision to hold the european year of education through sport 2004 , which will make a positive contribution to reversing what has almost been the norm to date , and by this i mean community action on sport which is restricted to pilot schemes and preparatory measures . educazione
mrs pack 's approach aims , as does that of the commission , to allow better use to be made of the educational values of sport in improving curricula , and particularly parallel education , by establishing a broader partnership between education organisations and sports organisations . educativi
in terms of the objectives , in terms of what has been said about the activities that will contribute to achieving these objectives and the financial envelope that has been proposed , which should focus on supporting practical initiatives that strengthen links between sport and education , this initiative definitely warrants our support , and so i have voted for it . educazione
as you all know , i have always supported these initiatives , ever since 2004 was designated as ' european year of education through sport ' - and i stated this in the earliest debates on the matter in this house . educazione
i wish to reaffirm that this will give an important boost to better use being made of the educational values of sport in order to improve curricula and especially , parallel education , by establishing broader partnerships between educational and sports bodies . educativi
furthermore , i would say that , in this context , it is worth emphasising the connections between sport and education and thereby increase the visibility of the ' european year of education through sport ' , by holding and funding , for example , athletics meetings at school level in each participating country . istruzione
schools sports must , in fact , be a priority within sports policy and must , at the same time , occupy a prime position in schools and educational policy . educativa
i would like to point out that we in the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities have already on several occasions proposed what was agreed here this morning : to make 2004 the european year of education through sport . educazione
in the case of the united kingdom , this accession has brought tremendous benefits to the citizens of the united kingdom , creating jobs through increased trade , bringing in considerable investment , creating jobs , and benefiting our citizens through increased travel opportunities and education and employment . istruzione
furthermore , if the national language is not the language widely used in education , government and the economy , there will be a split between first-class citizens who have grown up with the dominant language from birth and second-class citizens who have merely acquired it . scolastici
it has no problem , for example , defending the rights of homosexuals , but has nothing to say about the right to a job , to health care , to an education , to culture or to sport . istruzione
we must be better coordinated and set more ambitious national targets in the fields of education , research and innovation , and we must do more to share our best practices . istruzione
let public investment at last be removed from the stability pact 's calculation basis , preventing a socially irresponsible policy of cutting back until there is nothing left from making a difficult economic situation even worse , or even - as president prodi has just warned us - leaving education utterly unable to compete . istruzione
and thirdly , what is happening about educational and training programmes ? formazione
the mobility and retraining of the unemployed engineering workers who hold an advanced secondary education qualification could be achieved by providing them with access to information on nursing . istruzione
it is also worth highlighting the close relationship between socio-economic measures and health , particularly in the fields of employment , housing , education , transport , income distribution and social welfare . istruzione
there is a new provisional government , and no fewer than 1.8 million afghans have returned after what has , for many , been decades of forced exile abroad , and thousands of girls and women once again have the opportunity to enjoy an education in afghanistan . istruzione
that is why it is so very important that we actually give substance to the reconstruction that commissioner patten was talking about and that has now begun , with the cooperation of local forces , particularly in the area of education and healthcare , giving priority to women and girls . istruzione
the facts set out at the petersberg conference are encouraging : eur 830 million already allocated by europe , with a tangible impact on medicine and health , education - education which is now finally accessible to girls too - security through mine-clearing and the deactivation of unexploded bombs , agriculture , the restoration of urban areas , the reconstruction of infrastructure and return and assistance for refugees who are at last going back to their country . istruzione
the warlords still maintain their iron grip outside kabul and women still wear the burka and have no rights whatsoever , for instance to education or primary healthcare . istruzione
we must not forget that there is still a culture of men who think that women should not be educated . istruite
after all , can we imagine a society in the european union which provides healthcare without women , where there is education without women , for example ? istruzione
the education system had collapsed utterly . scolastico
apart from religious aspects - which , nevertheless , cannot be completely overlooked , given the importance attached to christian culture in europe - the report completely ignores the great social and educational value undeniably inherent in the traditional couple , intended as a basic cell in the connective tissue of society . educativa
as far as the proposed educational institution is concerned , i suggest that resources should be combined and duplication of work avoided by using the police academy , also proposed in the 1998 report and already up and running . formazione
we would have no decent healthcare for the vast majority of people , no education , no public transport , no environmental protection and no services for the aged . istruzione
the situation for women is no better than before , children have just as little access to education as in the past , not to mention the tremendous poverty of most of the inhabitants of this country , which is still aggravated by the death and destruction sown by western planes . istruzione
our partnership will extend well beyond trade and politics , and will be wide-ranging , covering areas as diverse as cooperation in the fields of science , education , energy , tourism , the environment and industry . istruzione
i am therefore all in favour of the references in the draft agreement to promoting the role of women in economic and social development through education and vocational training and facilitating economic investment . istruzione
if it is made a priority in the next action plan we can also act in the other areas : environment , culture , education and training , health , the transport situation , and the information society . istruzione
we think we can help by reducing or , if possible , removing the obstacles encountered by small and medium-sized enterprises looking to expand , by giving them easier access to capital , by cutting red tape , by creating more networks , by raising the standard of skills and employment standards , by encouraging entrepreneurship within the education system and , of course , by encouraging small and medium-sized enterprises to innovate . istruzione
at a time when people 's education is largely left to mullahs and the indoctrination they practise , what , i wonder , would happen if the united states were to use only 10 % of the money expected to be spent on the war on providing the arab world with , for example , free schools ? istruzione
the resolution on which we are going to vote outlines effective , valuable priorities and commitments - such as the operation of the international criminal court , human rights monitoring in iran and the cooperation of the institutions with associations and ngos from civil society - which will further education and respect in the field of human rights and democracy . educazione
in addition , authorities will be encouraged to promote environmental education of the public , which will also undoubtedly be in the authorities ' own interests , in that the extent to which people participate effectively can only improve through education . educazione
i would just remind you that the reality of budget support linked to results in health matters , and indeed education , logically forms the missing link in these discussions . istruzione
information and education must be spearheads in our development policy , also in relation to combating poverty-related diseases . educazione
all member states must change the balance of the imf and world bank to ensure that any financial restructuring does not threaten public funding for healthcare and education , which are closely linked . istruzione
a second point that i want to make has to do with the importance of education in combating poverty . istruzione
by deliberately using their own know-how to support local vocational training , this sector can give the people a better education . istruzione
it is a choice between the commodification of all activities , natural resources and genes and , on the other hand , the ideal of access for all people to the world 's public goods , to water , health , medicinal products , energy , education and public services . istruzione
incidentally , it was not only the world social forum that took place in porto alegre : there were also other forums such as the world forum of judges , the local authorities forum , the world education forum , the world independent media forum , and the world parliamentary forum . istruzione
it was not so hard to understand , however : lula explained to the audience of politicians , businessmen and experts gathered at davos , and i quote ' that his war was different ; it was the fight against hunger and poverty , for access to better education , against diseases and epidemics such as aids , not the war against iraq or to call for higher rates of growth at the expense of unemployment and of greater poverty ' . istruzione
the forum and , i believe , parliament 's concern is the possibility that the services to be liberalised might include certain essential social services such as education or health and certain essential public commodities such as water . istruzione
as i see it , a family exists when someone takes on the responsibility for educating someone else , providing for them , and caring for them . educare
it is true that we need rules on legal immigration , and that we have to control it , but it is also the case that our problems with the economy and education mean that we lack appropriate jobs for our own fellow-citizens . istruzione
without a thought for the future of immigrants or their protection or even for the respect of their fundamental rights to health , education and accommodation , the economic and demographic needs of the member states are satisfied by making use of controlled immigration that is liable to be ruthlessly exploited and manipulated and that mainly serves to make up for the labour shortage and to compensate for the demographic imbalance . istruzione
the real question , the only one that deserves to be asked , is this : thanks to this agreement , will the people of this state be less poor , better educated and better cared for in the future ? istruite
i would also ask the commission to investigate the possibilities of adult education in the sector and whether a general diploma might also be required to move on to the next stages of the technology . formazione
what sort of economic know-how can be achieved when training , education and research are neglected as much as they are today and many member states do not observe agreed rules or implement agreed projects ? istruzione
establish close cooperation between business , the educational sector and government agencies in order to close the it skills gap . istruzione
i would now like to turn to the report by mr paasilinna who , with his customary thoroughness and ability to make practical proposals , has come up with some well-thought-out ideas on education , health , disabled citizens and the elderly , and the importance of ensuring access for rural areas and small businesses . istruzione
science develops within a framework that requires what were once public-sector services - welfare , health , even culture and education - to be privatised and commercialised , throttled by the most competitive knowledge-based society decided on by the european union in lisbon . istruzione
for a lot of people , that one click is like trying to climb everest because they have not been brought up in the information technology age and they have no access to education or training to ensure that they can make use of this wonderful new tool . istruzione
we can only stop dangerous diseases such as hepatitis , aids and tuberculosis from spreading if we educate this group on the health risks . educhiamo
our aims must be to target the growers and manufacturers , the traders and pushers , and to educate , deter and prevent , but also to reduce the harm to those addicted and to those with whom they come into contact . educare
mr president , i support the crucial regulation , and actions to support mothers or future mothers in developing countries , advising on reproductive health , especially through educational and information campaigns . formative
the united states , for example , could very well decide to open up the education sector without obliging other states to follow suit in the negotiations . istruzione
fifth and final principle : with regard to major services of public interest - education , health , culture , water , energy and public transport - each country is free to choose between various formulas . istruzione
no request has been made to any country by the union with regard to health services or audiovisual services , and only the united states has received a request from us , restricted to privately funded higher education . insegnamento
no new commitments have been proposed in the fields of education and health , and we are not proposing any commitments in the field of audiovisual services . istruzione
another aspect is education . istruzione
let us take as an example an area which concerns us and you particularly , the area of education . istruzione
the commitments given by the commission and its member states at the uruguay round only relate to private education . istruzione
public services in the field of education are not affected by these commitments at all and the aim of the commitments given is to ensure that , insofar as and only insofar as a private services market exists , the nationals and operators of the partner countries can have access to them under the same conditions as the nationals of the country concerned . NULL
we examined the requests of the different countries with a view to changing our commitments relating to private education services . istruzione
my group can support the commission 's offer to exclude the health sector , the social sector and the education sector from an offer , but i would also like clarification on the situation with regard to universities . istruzione
mr president . i am speaking as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , and i would like to attempt to pick up on what commissioner lamy said earlier . istruzione
we must let the citizens choose , as in the case of education . istruzione
mr president , commissioner reding , commissioner lamy , on behalf of my group and , i am sure , of the whole of this house 's committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , i welcome the commission 's decision not to make any offer to deregulate educational , cultural and audiovisual services in this gats round . istruzione
the problem with this agreement is precisely that it lumps everything together : banking and insurance services but also water and energy supply , postal services , education and health , potentially . istruzione
then we said that liberalisation offers would not be made in the areas of health , education and audiovisual services . istruzione
the right of eu and third-country citizens , including those of developing countries , of access to essential goods and services including water , education , health , culture , energy , transport and telecommunications , is in danger of being undermined . istruzione
no , for we can identify sectors related to education and culture which could prove to be veritable trojan horses and sabotage our efforts to preserve education and culture . istruzione
too little is being done to make educational establishments more efficient while maintaining access to them for the broad mass of the population . istruzione
i should also like to mention the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
all this does is to prove that the budget is still an anti-grass roots budget and that the sacrifices imposed on the workers in the interests of the monopolies are continuing , in the lisbon vein now , with increased exploitation , attacks on workers ' employment and insurance rights , galloping unemployment , environmental disasters and even greater commercialisation of health , education and social services . scolastici
in our opinion , it also means that the economic guidelines should actually be economic and social guidelines , on which not only the ministers for economic and financial affairs express their opinion , but also the ministers for employment and social affairs , the ministers for education and possibly the ministers for science policy . istruzione
i think this is where the main difference lies ; in other words , labour market reforms are part and parcel of the employment strategy , which is much wider and which , as many members said , ranges from taxation to education . istruzione
but it is also essential - and this is the approach we adopted in lisbon - to improve education and training . istruzione
at the same time , people 's aspirations for more freedom and greater participation in decision-making , have grown , fuelled by rising incomes , education and information flows . istruzione
we defend public ownership and administration of the basic sectors of the economy , both in our own country and in every country of the world , and we are fighting for a quality public health service and state education and for the unimpeded development of civilisation , with respect for each nation 's individual characteristics . istruzione
and when will culture , education and health services be subjected to competition ? istruzione
how can we accept , however , that health care and education , which are essential social areas , should be placed in the hands of stupid market and competition laws ? istruzione
those amendments , which have been reinserted for the plenary sitting , entirely undermine the work done by the committee on employment and social affairs to restore balance to the rapporteur 's text in favour of an employment policy that it not only concerned with increased flexibility and reducing tax pressure , but also and above all with establishing quality employment for all as quickly as possible : training and education must therefore be the pivots of our policy , and second-rate jobs and other unqualified jobs must disappear . istruzione
we do not call the budgetary policy contained in the stability pact ' rigid ' , even though this determines levels of public investment , including the application of the structural funds , and endangers crucial public services and areas that are vital to innovation and productivity , such as investment in education , health and research and development . istruzione
there is also a strong link with education . istruzione
giving life to the right of initiative for the consumers ' benefit demands that a permanent place be found for consumer protection in the public advice and consultation system , as well as education and , above all , more information . istruzione
i also wish to highlight the need for actions taken under the european social fund not only to affect improving women 's participation in education , in vocational training and in the labour market , but also in reducing segregation in the labour market , in reducing pay differentials , in promoting the role of women in the fields of information technology and communication , entrepreneurship and decision-making processes . istruzione
proposals include further cuts to the state family benefit system and using private-sector programmes and structures to cover social services such as health , education and welfare . istruzione
permission for such activities in public can , however , be obtained from the ministry for education and religious affairs . religiosi
in the absence of any in-depth legal analysis , it would appear that this decree , like other measures enacted to date by the ministry for education and religious affairs , does not necessarily constitute a violation either of the declaration on human rights or of the cambodian constitution . religiosi
as i said , it stressed the need to reform tax systems in order to promote employment and increase labour demand in europe , improve the wage and salary formation system , so that they take into account the relationship between wages , price stability , productivity , training levels and labour market conditions , modernise employment legislation , taking account of the need for both greater flexibility and greater security and improve labour mobility over occupations , sectors , regions and across borders , for example by improving transparency and recognition between systems of vocational education . formazione
alongside this , the whole question of education and the kind of skills training that is given to people must be brought into focus . istruzione
if we are to achieve this truly admirable and ambitious objective , we must make the macro-economy work more efficiently , integrate the financial services market in europe and strengthen the spirit of enterprise , research , education and the integration of the european networks . istruzione
all these worthy objectives are included in the lisbon strategy ; however , we have to admit that we are in the third year and , in certain sectors such as education , for example , things are not going quite according to plan . istruzione
it is equally important for these targets to be closely linked to education and research . istruzione
this meets the expectations of european citizens , who know full well that we cannot achieve more and better jobs and greater economic growth without education and research . istruzione
in order to make progress , we need more cooperation on investment programmes in all sectors , including training and lifelong learning which , together with education and research , are communicating vessels . istruzione
education must prove that it knows how to incorporate european culture and sciences , the learning process , in order to produce learned students with job prospects . NULL
as has already been said , it is a rapidly growing problem , usually affecting the poorest and most vulnerable in society who have less access to health care and education - many of whom are women . istruzione
therefore , the role of women as sufferers , main carers , educators and as active members of communities in the developing countries is key to finding the right solutions . educatrici
the misery of poverty , underdevelopment , the lack of education and political lack of interest encourage the spread of aids , malaria and tuberculosis . istruzione
many of the members have stressed how this research , which proposes to help combat diseases by increasing knowledge in order to produce new drugs and to improve existing ones , combines with other policies which we , as europe , must press ahead with in the education and employment sectors , because education , employment and health are the only factors which can contribute to the achievement of democracy in those countries which see europe as an increasingly firm point of reference . educazione
there must be greater cooperation between olaf , the court of auditors and those national prosecutors in the bringing of prosecutions in the national courts and there must also , in addition to the eurojust system , be a greater opportunity for the sharing of interests , for the sharing of education and for the sharing of understanding between the judicial members in each member state so that a commonality eventually arrives . istruzione
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0087 / 2003 ) by mrs de sarnez , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision establishing a programme for the enhancement of quality in higher education and the promotion of intercultural understanding through cooperation with third countries ( erasmus world ) ( 2004-2008 ) ( com ( 2002 ) 401 - c5-0360 / 2002 - 2002 / 0165 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
the programme has two main goals , which are closely linked : to enhance the attractiveness of european higher education to students and university teachers from other parts of the world and increase links between european universities in order to improve the quality and competitiveness of european higher education . insegnamento
there is a clear need to make europe a more attractive place and to strengthen the identity of european higher education . istruzione
the erasmus mundus masters course programme aims to rectify all these failings by establishing a european union masters degree for students from third countries in partnership with three european higher education institutions . istruzione
erasmus mundus is not a language programme : its purpose is to enhance the attractiveness of european higher education . istruzione
the investment in education that we are making today will bring forth a harvest that will bring gladness not only to us within the eu , but also beyond its borders . istruzione
mr president , one of the european union 's key achievements has been the ability to promote educational cooperation programmes . istruzione
there are now european-wide programmes operating in all elements of our education system . educativo
if the european union as a political entity is to grow and prosper , we must ensure that its schoolchildren are given opportunities to learn different languages , to experience the education systems of other countries within the european union . istruzione
promoting social and educational interaction between students can only serve a positive function . educativa
it has been in existence since the mid-1980s , and provides educational opportunities for students from within the european union and the applicant states to study in different member states . istruzione
the key elements of this initiative , as has been outlined , include provision of educational exchanges between colleges in europe and other educational colleges from around the world . comprendono
moreover , financial support will be given to both students and educational staff members who are participating in the erasmus world initiative . docente
funding will also be provided for conferences and seminars so as to promote educational and student mobility between the european union and colleges around the world . docenti
this initiative is yet another clear example of the european union seeking to bring forward proposals which will help to promote and increase the standard of education within the european union and beyond . istruzione
mrs de sarnez ' report takes up three points that are of great importance to us on the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , and also in my group . istruzione
the first is the european dimension and the european value that the opportunity of mobility adds to education . istruzione
secondly , europe is given an enhanced presence on the international stage , becoming more attractive and also more competitive - particularly in the field of university education . istruzione
the programme is aimed widely , at institutions of higher education and postgraduate students all over the world , at students within the european union , who can go abroad , and at scientists and academics from third countries . istruzione
the first , in blatant violation of article 149 of the treaty , is yet another step towards the imposition of a specific higher education model , which is none other than the notorious bologna model . istruzione
the basic objective of the european union in the field of education is to supply the european monopolies with cheap labour which , rather than knowledge , merely has the skills required at the time . istruzione
in addition , the european union is trying in the proposal for a decision to promote the european higher education market within the framework of competition with the united states . istruzione
the result will be the complete commercialisation of education , a sign of which is the quality mark for courses referred to in the text , as if they were cars or oranges . istruzione
the quality assurance and evaluation mechanisms under consideration are merely mechanisms for education to respond to the needs of industry . istruzione
the communist party of greece is categorically opposed to the proposal for a decision because it interferes with curricula , it strengthens the privatisation and commercialisation of higher education and it promotes the splitting of undergraduate studies into two cycles , in accordance with the bologna model , and the subjugation of post-graduate study to the demands of the multinationals , contrary to the interests of students , lecturers and the people of the european union . istruzione
to this we should add the issue of europe 's linguistic mosaic - for which , where higher education is concerned , a universal and satisfactory solution has still not been found - in order to ensure the balanced distribution of potential students . istruzione
i believe that one reason for this is that we have not yet entirely succeeded in combining the individual strengths , the diversity of the education we have to offer , and also our wide experience in networking . formative
promoting cooperation with third countries will also improve still further the quality of university education in europe . istruzione
i think this attractive programme for high-quality education will do something to counteract this tendency . istruzione
we have heard it said so often that young people 's education , being an investment in the future , is no place for austerity measures . istruzione
the erasmus mundus programme is finally going to try to overcome these obstacles , contributing to the development of quality education and allowing freedom of movement within the european area . istruzione
and we must reflect this in the budgets of the european union by investing more in the education and the culture of our young europeans because , let us not forget , they represent the future of the european union . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0080 / 2003 ) by mr mauro , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a decision of the european parliament and of the council adopting a multi-annual programme ( 2004-2006 ) for the effective integration of information and communication technologies ( ict ) in education and training systems in europe ( elearning programme ) ( com ( 2002 ) 751 - c5-0630 / 2002 - 2002 / 0303 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
this proposal for a decision of the european parliament and of the council , seeking to establish the elearning programme , supplements the action taken at the lisbon council concerning the integration of new technologies into education and training systems in europe . istruzione
the elearning programme - as at present envisaged - is an important addition to all the educational programmes currently in existence . istruzione
in conclusion , let me stress that the success of educational policy is not dependent on the number of programmes , but rather on their being implemented and funded in a realistic way . istruzione
nevertheless , we cannot forget that there are many disadvantaged groups unable to benefit from traditional educational and training provisions , who are consequently becoming increasingly isolated both socially and culturally because they are not digitally literate . formazione
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport has in fact expressed its concern that the commission proposal will mean less being spent each year on the programme than has now been allocated for the preparatory actions . istruzione
it is the opinion of the committee on budgets , therefore , that there would seem to be genuine justification for increasing the appropriation , as proposed by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
even though it is very difficult to keep up with changes that are taking place at such a dizzying pace , we are obliged to ensure that the citizens of the european union , especially children and young people , are able to be educated in current technology . preparazione
i support the idea of concerted actions between the commission , the member states and other partners in the field of education to examine national experiences and to promote best practice regarding the use of elearning and fighting the digital divide . istruzione
i find it astonishing , given that ireland depends so much on technology for its economic development and growth , that this area is so badly funded and so badly addressed in current educational policy in ireland . istruzione
the emergence of information and communication technology is of great importance , we can no longer imagine life without it , and it has many implications in many different areas , including education . istruzione
ict places new demands on education , and therefore also on teachers . istruzione
this not only means extra work , however ; it can also mean an enrichment for education . formazione
this is an important and ambitious plan to implement a high-quality ict infrastructure at a reasonable price and in a reasonable period of time in order to improve the quality and accessibility of ict in education - a massive challenge . istruzione
education not only relates to the transfer of knowledge but also to such things as communication skills and social skills , which are important for personal development . NULL
in the context of combating poverty , we want 35 % of funds go on health and social infrastructure - education , in particular - but we note that the countries find it that much easier to spend their money on weapons . istruzione
the erasmus world programme will enable us to respond to these challenges by stimulating the quality of higher education and by promoting cultural exchanges in cooperation with third countries . insegnamento
european higher education must be acknowledged to be of high quality and in line with the needs of the labour market . insegnamento
- ( fr ) we voted for this text and the majority of the amendments insofar as they can encourage improvements in higher education in europe and further greater openness in higher education to other cultures and languages for students in both the european union and third countries . insegnamento
of course , however , we rejected the amendments which sought , openly or indirectly , to further private higher education institutions or allow employers , whatever the pretext might be , to increase their hold over university education . insegnamento
i can only support and uphold the general objective of the five-year erasmus world programme ( 2004-2008 ) , which seeks to help develop high-quality education in europe through closer cooperation with third countries . istruzione
we must prepare the citizens of europe and partner third countries to live and work in a society where knowledge is an imperative , strengthen the attraction of europe as a centre of excellence for higher education and , lastly , increase mutual understanding between peoples and cultures through exchanges and structural cooperation . insegnamento
establishing this europe of education that is both attractive and open to the world nevertheless calls for budgets equal to the task : this programme , which is the bearer of great prospects must not be the bearer of false hopes because it is allocated insufficient funding . istruzione
having said that , this objective would not exempt the european institutions from their obligations in the field of education . insegnamento
therefore , given that article 149 of the ec treaty stresses the ' responsibility of the member states for the content of teaching and the organisation of education systems and their cultural and linguistic diversity ' , the integrity of the guiding academic principles , starting with the academic neutrality of teaching and the independence of teachers , must absolutely be guaranteed . istruzione
we must avoid negative trends , rightly condemned by a group of many french university professors at the jean bodin university monitoring centre , in certain community education programmes , particularly the jean monnet chairs ; in spite of their obvious educational value , the latter sometimes fulfil an ideological propaganda function that is no less obvious , a function naturally incompatible with the normal performance of teachers ' tasks . istruzione
i also wish to emphasise that this programme must genuinely enable us to create a european higher education system that is effective and recognised for the quality of its training and of the reception it provides . insegnamento
although the programme is founded on closer cooperation with third countries , its main aim is to contribute to increasing the quality of higher education and of education in general in the european union . insegnamento
strengthen europe 's position as a centre of excellence for higher education ; insegnamento
in addition to opening up within the union , european university education must therefore also open up to the world of third countries , thereby contributing to establishing european universities as centres of excellence for higher education . insegnamento
- ( fr ) ' erasmus mundus ' , which seeks to strengthen ties between the universities of every continent by creating an exchange system for students , lecturers and researchers , is also creating centres of excellence for university teaching and research on our continent and seeks to make our universities , if we dare say it , competitive in the global market of higher education , by finally giving our students the means to obtain degrees with a european dimension . insegnamento
we absolutely must exceed the 1 % of gdp devoted to higher education . insegnamento
mr mauro , you have proposed and succeeded in obtaining from the european parliament the appropriation of eur 54 million for education and training , which will make it possible to train teachers in how to teach students new information and communication technologies . istruzione
i hope that parliament - which is represented here today in large numbers - will heed my words and that , at the next opportunity , it will vote for eur 54 million to be appropriated for the education of the elderly too . insegnamento
the only thing is that , to those who have focused so much on this entire area , it must be stated that the sums involved are too low , especially given the desire to encourage the integration of the new information and communication technologies into the various european education and training systems , thereby improving their quality and accessibility . istruzione
under this programme , i would also highlight the importance of teacher training , without which , it will not be possible to develop an effective education policy , and of extending this programme to cover primary schools . istruzione
- ( fr ) nicts , new information and communication technologies , inevitably result in a new model , a new paradigm based on new relations between students , knowledge and teachers , and they are producing and proposing an educational reorganisation in the world of teaching . pedagogica
the principle aim of using and integrating nicts in the field of education must be to improve the conditions of student learning and their relations with the world . istruzione
well , nicts can be wonderful educational allies if they are the means and not the end . didattica
if they further the objectives established by the educational and social community , they allow progress and development to take place . NULL
these new technologies today offer education an unprecedented opportunity to satisfy an increasingly large and diversified demand for teaching . istruzione
any inability by an education system to train its pupils to use or master these technologies would consequently further deepen social inequalities , or even create them . istruzione
their introduction into educational establishments does not cast doubt over the status of teachers or the basic vocation of schools : quite the opposite , as it can lead to freedom and an opening up to the world . scolastici
i myself come from a society in which all young people have opportunities of receiving an education , bettering their social position and improving their lot . istruzione
with regard to the entry and residence of family members , we propose bringing the right to access to education , employment and professional training into line with that of members of the family of the person in question and not to that of the citizens of the union . istruzione
they wanted to know whether their spouses or their partners would be able to work ; they wanted to know what access to education their children would have ; and they also wanted to know which of their children were not going to be allowed in and were maybe going to have to stay with other relatives while they did exams at the ages of fifteen , sixteen and so forth . istruzione
specifically , they relate to lifelong learning and the services which need to be provided to the unemployed ; they refer to education systems , and of course they refer to companies , for example the problem of bureaucracy in companies and the question of supporting companies and promoting entrepreneurship . istruzione
finally , are we going to get a european framework for investment in r & d , in education , in lifelong learning , so that we can create a genuine engine for growth in europe ? istruzione
the figures which appear in it are not the absolute figures ; in many cases , there are no aggregated community figures , but there are figures for each of the member states in relation to r + d and other types of education , which provide a degree of homogeneity enabling us to compare what is happening in each of them . istruzione
similarly , one particularly positive point of the directive is that the rights of the members of the reunited family are defined , rights relating to education and employment , in order both to ensure that they are smoothly integrated into the society of the member state and to safeguard their employment rights , so that they do not turn into cheap labour on the job market . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a5-0053 / 2003 ) by mr bayona de perogordo , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on an information and communication strategy for the european union ( 2002 / 2205 ( ini ) ) . istruzione
but is not the best way to encourage the public to turn out to vote to provide objective educational information to help them better to understand the major issues at stake in the project of european integration ? pedagogiche
furthermore , if we bear in mind that the essential thing is to educate and inform young people , who will be the real protagonists of the european union within a few years and who will be its future , and that it is they who sporting information can mostly reach , we would truly be completing a circle which would be of the greatest interest and benefit in terms of the image of all the institutions of the european union . educare
i speak , not just as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which is interested in information , but also as a member of the committee on petitions . istruzione
we are arguing in favour of recognising all languages and all minorities , but we must also continue to recognise the rights of the speakers of historic languages to use them in their own regions and to have them recognised , including as a basis for education . insegnamento
the new division into provinces takes absolutely no account of the fact that the southern edge of slovakia is hungarian speaking and that most people there want to have administration and education in that language . educazione
at this stage i would like the council to offer some hope in a very important area where there is obviously not enough work being done to promote this important aspect of education . istruzione
i understand the honourable member 's concern about education and digital literacy and the need to promote digital literacy in education institutes . istruzione
this public-health issue is of course linked to that of eating habits , and of nutritional and health education . educazione
propaganda is , indeed , the right word to use when we read , for example , that the european union 's communication strategy should rely on the support of opinion formers , target information to different population groups using attractive media such as sport and formulate messages in such a way that they can easily be included in education systems . istruzione
the almost scientific approach , the recruitment of opinion formers to work for the cause , the exploitation of all available resources and the insidious desire to manipulate the weakest minds by using education systems all smack of totalitarian propaganda . istruzione
that is why we have incorporated into the joint resolution a passage intended to ensure that the necessary adjustments are made , as it is necessary also to draw upon the financial resources of the wealthy in a given country for such purposes as the improvement of its educational systems . istruzione
something else that is very important - and i am glad that it has been incorporated into the joint resolution - is that any policy must have education and training as one of its basic components . istruzione
it is the indigenous population that is clearly suffering most and that has no access to healthy food , that has no access to a good education and that has no access to land . istruzione
coptic christians are not represented at all within the police , higher education and the security service . istruzione
we are endeavouring to put research and development centre-stage in this ' energyland ' and , in the area of education and training , to make these new methods and new funding possibilities known to the wider public and , especially , to the business world . istruzione
indeed , the intention is to ensure that all players involved in this activity learn from each other 's mistakes , thereby making educational and positive use of bad practices . istruttivo
consequently , corporate social responsibility must be supported and encouraged and good practices must be disseminated , involving companies , social partners and educational and training establishments . istruzione
we can do everything possible through research , early warning systems , disease control centres , education and information , but this should be a wake-up call to everyone concerned with public health . educazione
in the medium to longer term , the commission will gradually increase the focus of its support , concentrating aid on health , education and food security as the three main focal areas . istruzione
i see the focus on health education and food security in our programme in angola as something which will be useful for precisely this endeavour . educazione
the objectives set in dakar and the millennium development goals in this field of education are the basis of our policy in developing countries . istruzione
overall , the community has allocated an estimated eur 1.3 billion to education in developing countries for the next 5 years . istruzione
it is also providing substantial financing to acp countries under the 9th edf in the form of general budget support - eur 1.66 billion - part of which will benefit the education sector . istruzione
in this context we devote full attention to the fast track initiative as a means to accelerate progress towards education for all . istruzione
i would maintain that the budget support which the commission and parliament discussed in great detail a couple of years ago is an extremely important tool where a partner country has reached a reasonable level of quality in its sector policy for education . istruzione
in addition , in having this initiative organised as broadly and energetically as it is , we are inspiring - not to say pushing - african and other countries to lift education higher up the ladder of priorities . istruzione
but perhaps one statistic from the evaluation best illustrates the potential scale of future job creation relating to communal services : the gap between employment rates in the usa and the eu is largest in communal services , which include social services , recreation , education , health and social care . istruzione
eu resources would then be made available to fund key reconstruction activities , such as the rebuilding of basic social infrastructure , including health , education , water and sanitation services . istruzione
in relation to iraq itself , iraq was one of the countries in the region with the most advanced education system , with education for all - male and female alike . educativo
now that education system has been completely decimated . distrutto
one of the ways to ensure that women are liberated , have rights and know their rights , is through a proper education system . istruzione
what will happen in relation to the education system in iraq and how will it be reinstated ? ripristinato
the movement of skilled and educated people to nearby countries would also create a serious brain-drain that would damage the economies of countries such as moldova and ukraine . istruite
it was a very comprehensive reply indeed , but one of the issues i have discovered , over almost thirty years of involvement in development , is the lack of emphasis on education . istruzione
the reason i put this question to the council was to try and establish whether the council and the european union can put more emphasis on education , because in developing countries if you have the three basics - reading , writing and arithmetic - even at the simplest level , you can challenge the village elders and the leaders in your community . istruzione
i believe that ' education , education , education ' is the real answer to poverty . istruzione
i cannot but agree with him that education is crucial to success . istruzione
more and more girls are attending school and they are also studying at higher education institutes in the larger towns . istruzione
however , the council indeed acknowledges that the situation of women is still unacceptable as regards the possibilities of education and work , as regards their legal protection or their full and equal participation in public life , despite the examples to which i referred . istruzione
education is an important means , if not the most important means , of combating poverty . istruzione
if countries are to develop further , they need an educated population . istruita
education is also the key to improving the position of women . istruzione
across the world , 113 million children are still not receiving any education , and approximately two-thirds of these are girls . istruzione
if that millennium development goal , education for all , is to be achieved , we need more funds between us : an estimated eur 8 billion extra to be able to educate every child by 2015 . istruzione
primarily , of course , developing countries themselves have to make approximately 20 % of their budgets available for basic social services such as education and health care . istruzione
the north must commit itself to the aim of together having produced additional resources for education by 2015 . istruzione
some countries have to increase their total contribution , whilst others , within theirs , have to move funds over to education . istruzione
fortunately , the european union has a special responsibility in the field of education . istruzione
as the commissioner knows , the parliament is no advocate of granting budget support just like that , because money intended for education , for example , is then often used for completely different purposes , as we saw from the recent example of money being spent on defence in uganda . istruzione
instead we advocate sectoral support , whereby not only the finance ministers are involved but , in this case , also the ministers for education . istruzione
in addition , my report advocates an active role for teaching unions and parental organisations in the development of education plans in the developing country . istruzione
in addition to the funds within the ninth european development fund that are to be devoted to education , still more is needed if all the education targets are really to be achieved . istruzione
priority must be given to doubling the budget for primary education , and , as part of this , it is equally important that the commission 's education for all fast track initiative should play a leading role . istruzione
developing countries - mauritania and niger , to name but two - receive accelerated , supplementary funding on the basis of education proposals . istruzione
there remains to be addressed the important issue of girls , who still constitute the majority of the 113 million children not receiving any education . istruzione
education is still not provided free of charge in many cases , which means that many parents cannot afford to send their children to school . molti
in addition , education in developing countries has to contend with the loss of teachers due to aids , with an absence of , or too little , reading material , and with schools that are difficult to reach . NULL
in the post-conflict situations in afghanistan and iraq , education remains imperative , precisely because these are situations in which reconstruction is to be achieved from devastation and a heap of rubble . istruzione
i hope that that progress report will be full of good news , and i consider it a tremendous stroke of luck for those sympathetic to the cause of education that the commission has been prepared to make that eur 1.3 billion available . istruzione
the right to education and access to education are often empty words in developing countries . istruzione
i can therefore wholeheartedly endorse the conclusions of this report , namely that education is the key to combating poverty . istruzione
only through education can a country develop , only through an adequately educated population can a country progress . istruzione
give a girl or a woman education and you are educating the whole family . istruzione
it happens through education . istruzione
participation of women in all sectors of society and the achievement of general social , cultural and economic progress begin with reasonable qualitative and quantitative education . istruzione
only when women were given reasonable schooling and access to education did emancipation take off in all sectors of society , including politics . istruzione
as the rapporteur rightly says in the notes to his report , educated women have more opportunities for improving the economic situation of themselves and their family , and even down to their choice of husband . istruite
secondly the problem of aids , and finally , in conclusion , education , which as commissioner nielson said at the outset , must be adapted to the local culture . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start by thanking my colleague mr van den berg most warmly for his splendid report and , of course , also for his other activities , such as education for all . istruzione
in this context too , though , i will come back to the subject of modern information and communication technologies , the use of which enables distances to be overcome , the digital gap to be crossed , and education to become more widespread . istruzione
it is certain , though , that in the long term , the most important mass medium is radio , which could - and should - be even more widely used as a means of providing education than it has been so far . istruzione
the example of what is done in the australian outback can certainly not be followed exactly in african countries , but is one from which one can learn , and it too must form part of any strategy for education . istruzione
i am glad that i do not have to point out the need to take especial account of girls and women in all educational endeavours . istruzione
it is not , however , generally known that education - particularly basic education - conducted in the predominant regional languages results in a marked increase in the desire for education and reduces parents ' misgivings about sending their children to school . istruzione
this is where we must help with the investment in appropriate teaching material , play our part in promoting the education of teachers and contributing to the dissemination of knowledge that relates to local interests and is therefore an indispensable necessity in terms of raising the consciousness of civil society . formazione
one of them is that of providing international protection for the work of performers , in respect of which the committee on culture , youth , education , media and sport wishes to send geneva a political signal . istruzione
should you come up against serious difficulties in preparing for the conference , i would say that we needed , as soon as the next meeting of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , to receive a report on the subject from the commission , that is to say , one with comprehensive information before and after the deliberations , so that we can in fact take this matter forward . istruzione
mr president , i would like , first of all , to thank the commission for its explanations and then also all the members of the committee on culture , youth , education , media and sport , especially the coordinators , who were able to find a solution to this issue , something that the short time available made a matter of urgency . istruzione
we need more competitiveness , more research , more competition in education and research , and more competition on merits . istruzione
we must not underestimate the progress made , but it must be stressed that we now need to overcome the delays and ambiguities , providing for effective coordination of member states ' economic , employment and environment policies by establishing a proper calendar setting out the intermediate steps for achieving the lisbon and gothenburg objectives by 2010 , particularly with regard to public investment in the research , education and lifelong training sectors and a european network of essential services , starting with transport and telecommunications . istruzione
the link between the economies of the member states and the reduction in purchasing power is well known , as is the need to invest in education and training and in research and technology in order to facilitate higher productivity . istruzione
as has already been stated here on several occasions , however , we need to do the opposite of what the stupid rules of the stability pact call for , which is forcing a reduction in public investment , leading to the state having no responsibility in the fields of health and education and making it difficult to use the structural funds correctly in the countries with the weakest economies . istruzione
we have ended up with the unrealistic mentality that can be observed today and from which it will only be possible to emerge by educating people over a long period of time . educazione
the reference point for the essence of the economic guidelines was set by ecofin itself , when it decided that the main objectives for the next three years would be to reform the pension systems in order to cope with the challenge of the ageing population , increase the efficiency and flexibility of the job market and improve competitiveness through education and training , research and technology . istruzione
mr president , mr van den berg has tabled a scholarly , competent report on the commission proposal on education and training in the context of poverty reduction in developing countries . istruzione
i could not fail to vote for the report , so that education can be provided and poverty reduced in developing countries . istruzione
the problem lies in how to safeguard the access to education of hundreds of millions of children , how can education be made to serve development . istruzione
if , however , we wish to be credible partners in the eyes of the developing countries and if we wish to narrow the shocking divide between living conditions in the two hemispheres , we must also take action on training and education , on debt relief and funding for the poorest countries , on eradicating trade barriers and on gradually eliminating our subsidies to agriculture , fisheries and energy . istruzione
we have , for instance , extended the tempus programme to our mediterranean partners , encouraging exchanges in the field of higher education , and we wish to support the efforts being made by non-governmental organisations to formalise the contribution of what we call civil forums to the euro-mediterranean partnership as a whole . istruzione
our proposals are reflected in what are now sixteen workable compromises , including on the use of educational and training methods to create workplaces of high quality , on increasing the level of investment in enterprises , on strategies for lifelong learning in accordance with the requirements and abilities of those involved , on the abolition of subsidies to industries which have no viable future , and on job creation in regions with a high level of unemployment . istruzione
training has an important role to play in this process , and i should like today to call for employment policy also to be seen in the context of the initiatives launched jointly by the eu 's education ministers with a view to improving the quality of training schemes through their open coordination . istruzione
the guidelines should therefore be more overarching and concentrate on measures that , together with the economic policy guidelines , genuinely lead to economic growth and consequently to more people employed and thus to the provision of resources for things like education and health care . istruzione
this proposal integrates immigration policy but should also be viewed in the context of community action in the field of education . istruzione
clearly , our aim is to promote migration for educational purposes , above all by accepting the greatest possible number of third-country students into higher education . studio
this is also , i believe , an innovative proposal which fits into the context of the growing internationalisation of education , especially the recognition of students ' right to move to another member state to continue their studies , after previously being admitted into a first european union member state . istruzione
encouraging the discovery of culture by pupils who will later be tempted to return as higher education students will reap enormous benefits for the community . universitari
in this way we can contribute in a positive manner to the training of future executives in third countries and increase cooperation with these countries in terms of education in order to meet the challenge of the internationalisation of teaching . istruzione
my group tabled an amendment providing for a period of residence of one year if the higher education course was of nine months ' duration . that is the usual length of an academic year studi
it constitutes a forward step in strengthening cooperation with third countries and in developing that quality education . istruzione
it contributes to promoting intercultural understanding , to the dynamism of training in europe and to the quest for high standards in education . istruzione
i fully support the notion of providing financial assistance to minority and lesser-spoken languages , and like many colleagues i am familiar with the educational programmes and the work of the bureau . educativi
it is for this reason that , with the help of the european parliament , the commission has decided to make 2004 the european year of education through sport . educazione
nonetheless , it is important to be aware that the fight against doping should also cover the amateur sector and encompass issues of prevention , education and research . educazione
the member states support the code , and the commission , which does not have an official position as this is an intergovernmental matter , is , instead , stepping up its efforts in the areas of education , prevention and legislation on sports foods . educazione
i believe that we must decide , at last , to endeavour to strike a balance , to reform member states ' laws on doping and to obtain from the union an assurance that it is committed to complementary action in the form of educational and preventive measures . educazione
mr president , commissioner , i would like the latter part of your informative comments to be given added depth , especially with regard to the use of the structural funds in the field of education . istruzione
i think it would be very important for the european union to focus especially on education and training , so that young people in the accession countries have a chance to benefit from suitable job opportunities in their own countries . istruzione
thus , the discussion is being directed to a large extent towards the fact that the candidate countries , as they are already doing , will have to prepare those structures with which they will be able to fund the employment strategy , to fund the infrastructures of their education systems and the reforms needed , all of which are very important to their development . istruzione
above all , the commission 's estimate fails to take into account the fact that it is unlikely that it will be possible to retrain workers , such as those in the fisheries sector , who , especially in some areas of europe , have a low level of education and work in areas suffering from an extremely high unemployment rate . scolarizzazione
mr fava 's report - which we will support tomorrow - states that the data on which your proposals are based is not up to date and is therefore not particularly reliable : the forecast of 12 000 jobs losses is underestimated and the retraining of the workforce envisaged is virtually impossible given the level of education of the people concerned .  
as i see it , these are elements from the pre-accession strategy as the union has known it to date , such as the strengthening of the unilateral trade benefits for the countries of the western balkans , the opening of a number of european programmes which has often been mentioned such as the education programmes leonardo and socrates and the introduction not only of the logic , but also of the methodology of the cohesion funds as we currently know them . istruzione
i appeal to the greek presidency to play an active role here in ensuring that we really give the young people of these countries a signal that they can take part in our educational programmes . educativi
the army also has a very strong influence in education , broadcasting and the business community and it is very important that this is also recognised in part in turkey 's latest reform packages . istruzione
we in the european commission supported these elections through an assistance programme of eur 6.5 million which went to the independent national election commission , directed at the education of voters and which supported domestic observation organisations . 5
firstly , because of an apparent lack of respect for the separation of powers , in view of his public statements telling the spanish supreme court that it should agree to the annulment of 240 electoral candidatures which had been legally admitted by the ordinary electoral courts , and secondly for creating a law prohibiting basque prisoners from studying and taking examinations at the public university of the basque country , the only university that offers education in the basque language , which may be a violation of the right to linguistic diversity . immatricolarsi
the oral question ( o-0044 / 2003 - b5-0096 / 2003 ) to the commission , by mr rocard , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the application of the open coordination procedure . istruzione
there were a number of concrete aims associated with the conclusions reached at the summit relating to education , especially training in information technology . istruzione
we on the european parliament 's committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport are pleased that education is now higher up on the union agenda . istruzione
it is also one of today 's areas of civic education , which , if neglected , makes life difficult for people and exposes them to exclusion . educazione
education is not only a key to inclusion on the part of our citizens , but also a basic prerequisite for our societies to succeed . istruzione
it is good that the eu education ministers have been able to agree together on concrete aims for education and training and that the bologna and bruges processes , aimed at the recognition of qualifications , are under way . istruzione
in the opinion of the committee on culture , in addition to education and lifelong learning , open coordination is also needed in other areas that come under the job description of the committee , that is , in policy on youth , the media , culture and sport . istruzione
madam president , i would just like to speak about the part for which mrs diamantopoulou is not responsible , namely culture , youth , education , media and sport . istruzione
from the point of view of culture and education , i can actually say that it is really hypocritical that we are not allowed to be active in precisely those areas where we would be happy to be involved . istruzione
i am here to illustrate an oral question tabled by mr rocard on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , who is unable to be here this evening to illustrate it himself . istruzione
culture and education fall within the remit of the federal states in germany . germania
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would first of all like to congratulate the committee on employment and social affairs and the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport on their successful and fruitful open coordination ! istruzione
in the field of culture , media , sport , education and youth , it would also be a possible step towards a kind of european cultural policy , but please do not misunderstand : i am in no way referring to harmonisation of national cultural policy , but rather to effective coordination of common policies in order to achieve common goals together . istruzione
madam president , the specific fundamental assumption of the oral question tabled by mr rocard is whether the open method of coordination should be applied to all fields of activity covered by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and not only to those fields that are directly linked to the lisbon strategy , that is , education and lifelong learning . istruzione
i also thank the committee on employment and social affairs , because had it not been for this initiative on the part of mrs smet , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport would probably not be in the situation at all where our enquiry is being debated at least in this parliament . istruzione
mrs pack pointed out that the committee on culture has been waiting for months for our questions - just the questions - relating to applying coordination in the field of culture , education , youth , the media and sport to be dealt with here at all . istruzione
the first is that , as you know , the convention has already answered the question of sport and the treaty ; it is clear - and no one disputes - that sport , with its social and educational dimension , like culture and education , are seen as support activities at european union level , something which no member state has contested . educativa
it is only if the proposals made in this report are rapidly implemented that every woman in europe - irrespective of place of residence , social status and education - will soon have the same optimum screening for , and treatment of , cancer . istruzione
probably the most important aspects are health education , prevention , early detection , self-examination and , of course , mammography screening . educazione
you would expect a new governing party like this to take a critical view of the fact that turkey has a considerable number of political prisoners , that parties are banned , that the army retains much power and that the very large kurdish population group still does not have normal rights to government , education , the administration of justice , employment and media in their own language . istruzione
anyone who has had an education is distrusted . istruzione
it is also calling on them to ensure they create a reliable system of prosecution , personal records and information , train their police in accordance with europol standards , cooperate fully with the ' court ' on yugoslavia and reform their education systems in line with eu standards . istruzione
in paragraph 4 , the report calls upon the convention ' to provide a legal basis for sport in the future treaty of the union , recognising its cultural , educational and social functions and including a reference to equal access for women and men to participation in sports and related responsibilities ' . educative
energy has a role in education . istruzione
we completed the relevant debate and there was agreement , as there was on the action plan to increase investment in research and incorporate new technologies into european education systems . istruzione
it is not easy to secure a proper language education in tallinn . insegnamento
this involves , for example , opening up education and youth programmes to the young people of these countries , which sends out an extremely important signal to them . paesi
thirdly , on the subject of ' children and development ' , the commission is pursuing the millennium development goals as its objectives , in particular the achievement of universal primary education and the reduction of infant and child mortality . istruzione
although children as such are not a specific target group of our development policy , they benefit from a large amount of aid in the areas of education , health , aids and population policy . istruzione
the italian presidency will also have a great responsibility for making advances in the fields of education and culture . istruzione
italy 's proposal is that europe , through one of its institutions , the eib , should raise those private capital funds that are on the market and can be had at low interest rates , in order to try to boost demand through transnational infrastructure works , through the need to invest in new military technology , and through investment in research and education . scuola
besides human rights , we wanted to get to know about social , economic and educational issues and medical facilities , the situation regarding refugees and the possibilities of leading a normal life in general . istruzione
in it he discusses how societies , as their education improves , develop towards democracy to become a political system which guarantees freedoms and justice , and , in this process , the west appears to be the great promoter of democracy , progress and development of peoples , while at the same time being leader and arbitrator of conflicts . istruzione
there is no reasonable alternative , and at times it is the only link to the mainland for such essential needs as hospital appointments , education and business . istruzione
today , it is becoming more and more understood that macroeconomic policy can reduce or widen the gap between the two sexes in relation to financial resources , economic independence , education and health care . istruzione
there is also a downward trend in terms of commitment implementation for areas of social policy , especially for the titles relating to the social dimension and employment as well as education and youth , even though these priority areas were already underfunded . istruzione
the right to health , education , safe food , water , telecommunications and energy is being subjugated to commercial interests and increased profit . istruzione
the level of education of women is very low , both as regards basic education and as regards the level of full or partial agricultural education . istruzione
equally important , however , are the proposals upholding the establishment of a specific programme devoted to the ' women ' project , as well as those proposals emphasising the need to pay particular attention to creating public infrastructures , community facilities and quality services , so as to ensure an appropriate network of rural services in all areas , including high-quality family planning , educational and training services and cultural facilities . istruzione
even the wearing of spectacles put your life at risk , and higher education meant that you were doomed . istruzione
for too long families in these enclave communities have been deprived of their human rights and deprived of the right to education . istruzione
the commission is in favour of overall and comprehensive recognition of the systems and procedures of third countries which guarantee the same educational value of individual institutes . educativo
we also need to look at how people are educated . impartita
we need to ensure that education is fully integrated and allows people with disabilities not to be segregated , but to be educated along with everyone else . scuola
we should look at sign language , at braille , at all these things that are necessary and allow them to be part of the educational curriculum in all the member states . scolastico
we need a broad perspective , not one which focuses only on accessibility in education . istruzione
this programme is based above all on the prevention of domestic violence , on combating domestic violence through prevention and education , with a view to preventing domestic violence from taking place and helping its victims . istruzione
separating diplomas from work permits in a bid to exploit cheap and basically unskilled labour is just one of the typical elements of the deliberate demotion of maritime education to simple training . istruzione
seafarers themselves and other workers need to fight for a different policy of radical change , not only to the system and to the safeguarding of free state education , but also to international agreements and conventions , so that they lay down minimum education levels , introduce strict provisions for determining ships ' crews and fully safeguard the employment and insurance rights of seafarers . istruzione
the so-called social agenda is being implemented by extending flexibility and temporary work , by prolonging active working life , with lifelong learning , by reducing wages and linking them to productivity and by cutting back on the welfare state and social protection and on public spending on health and education . istruzione
we therefore need to rebuild the country 's infrastructure and transport network , providing all the aid necessary but also - or rather , first and foremost - establishing the institutional framework for the future democratic iraq , rebuilding the education and school systems and the academic world . educazione
i also endorse the point contained in the report on the need for political dialogue and condemnation to go hand in hand with proactive programmes and measures in the field of combating poverty , support for institution building and education . educazione
mr president , i should like in the short time at my disposal to put a question to minister antonione and commissioner nielson , which has to do with paragraph 135 , which stresses the central role of education to mutual understanding and so forth . istruzione
as the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport for this report , i am happy that in paragraph 38 italy is finally and explicitly named and shamed concerning its media concentration and the influence in this regard of its prime minister , without any rules at all on conflict of interest being adopted . istruzione
these range from the expansion of the right of asylum , to access to education and healthcare for illegal immigrants , the regularisation of the status of illegal immigrants , and recognition of the equality of all partnerships in the eu - we reject all these demands unequivocally . istruzione
similarly , the meda ii regulation referred to the need to recognise and strengthen the economic and social role of women and to the importance of education and of the creation of jobs for women . istruzione
drugs , for example , are wasted if not accompanied by adequate storage , distribution , monitoring and patient education . istruzione
the commission is prioritising support for improved health and education outcomes . istruzione
to reflect this , it is not enough simply to calculate funds for health and education where they appear as focal sectors . focali
all support to related social sectors , such as investment in water and sanitation , and budget support linked to improved health and education outcomes , has to be taken into account . istruzione
the right to an education in one 's own native language in particular should be guaranteed in all member states . essere
in these ways they select , cultivate and promote one form or another of art and culture , different aesthetics and quality , in close dependency on education and their personal development . istruzione
it became clear that what the selectively over-sensitive euro-unifying hypocrites cannot forgive socialist cuba is not the so-called authoritarianism of the socialist regime or any weaknesses in it , but the fact that cuba , despite the open war and the forty-year criminal embargo by the imperialists , is maintaining and continuing to improve the standard of living and education of its people , which is the highest in the whole of latin america , that socialist cuba and fidel castro are a beam of light , a source of fighting inspiration to the peoples in the area and mankind istruzione
the uk government is failing to protect the rights of asylum-seekers ' children by holding them for prolonged periods in the dungavel centre and the devolved scottish government , which is responsible for the provision of education in scotland , has failed to ensure that they are given access to mainstream education while resident in our country . istruzione
the scottish people have been appalled to learn about the long-term detention and lack of educational facilities for families like yurdigal ay and her children who were deported to germany earlier this summer having spent a year at dungavel . scolastiche
i should also like to thank the rapporteurs of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy , who have also made a major contribution to parliament 's work on this issue . istruzione
i will therefore begin by stating that i support , wholly and unequivocally , everything that has been said by the draftsman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , mr rocard . istruzione
among the central messages of the european commission 's communication , i would emphasise those which lay particular emphasis on the strategic significance of education and training , from basic level up to the increasingly important lifelong learning . formazione
our resolution on gender mainstreaming proposes a whole range of actions to set benchmarks for the horizontal task of deliberately bringing women into the institutions , such as monitoring the success of leave for educational purposes , retraining , career and personal development , and so on . formazione
likewise , we must guarantee the financing of the european year of education through sports and improve opportunities for youth organisation activities in the new member states . educazione
this committee takes less than 1 % of the eu budget , but i would not want anyone to think that we should see education , culture , media and information as optional extras . istruzione
the same report showed that the efforts of most member states to provide education and training to older age groups are still woefully inadequate . istruzione
nor is it acceptable for the constitution to oblige the member states to enhance their military capacities at the same time as there is no more money available for social security expenditure , pensions or education , and while new indebtedness is reaching dizzying levels . formazione
this course of action is meeting with much opposition , and with good reason , from those who are hindered in their inventions , their education , their work or their leisure activities . studi
i cannot agree more with you on , amongst the other issues you mentioned , the need for education and research , which applies across borders . istruzione
it is a positive step to try to achieve the millennium development objectives , which include eradicating extreme poverty and hunger ; guaranteeing universal primary education ; promoting equality between men and women and giving women a voice ; reducing infant mortality ; improving mothers ' health ; fighting hiv / aids , malaria and other diseases ; guaranteeing environmental sustainability ; and promoting a global partnership for development . istruzione
i think that it is particularly good that we are also devoting attention to educating the police in this sense . sensibilizzazione
– the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a5-0336 / 2003 ) by mrs de sarnez , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the council common position adopting a european parliament and council decision establishing a programme for the enhancement of quality in higher education and the promotion of intercultural understanding through co-operation with third countries ( erasmus mundus ) ( 2004-2008 ) ( 8644 / 1 / 2003 – c5-0294 / 2003 – 2002 / 0165 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
i would therefore like to take this opportunity to thank the commission , the council and all of my fellow members of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport for the work that has been accomplished . istruzione
by adopting the erasmus mundus programme for the period 2004-2008 , the european union will be creating a new instrument of exchange and cooperation in the field of higher education , with a view to forging links between european universities and creating a genuine european higher education area , which alone will make it possible to attract students , teachers and researchers from across the world . istruzione
the fourth action consists of developing partnerships between higher education institutions in third countries and european universities . istruzione
the fifth and final action is to promote european higher education on the world stage . insegnamento
the education council proposed allocating this programme eur 180 million . istruzione
the commission can accept amendment no 5 on the budget ; amendment no 1 clarifying the scope of the notion of higher education ; amendment no 2 referring to the new generation of programmes ; amendments nos 3 and 6 about the requirement of quality to be met by ' erasmus mundus masters courses ' , and amendments nos 4 and 7 on linguistic diversity , which is very dear to our hearts . mundus
i am sure that it will contribute to greater convergence of our higher education systems and that it will have a major impact on how attractive they are to the rest of the world . istruzione
as chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and having only just left a meeting of this same committee where we were voting without you , mrs de sarnez , i should like to say here that it was with widespread , indeed unanimous , enthusiasm that the culture committee worked on mrs de sarnez 's excellent report . istruzione
by covering postgraduate education , this erasmus mundus programme will be a very useful addition to the existing erasmus programme , which , as you know , promotes respect and intercultural understanding as well as dialogue between our different peoples . mundus
anyone who is concerned about the quality of education within the european union , at whatever level , will be delighted that the council and parliament have reached agreement to start a programme whose only goal is to improve the quality of higher education in the member states . istruzione
in the past , only a chosen few were able to gain experience at foreign colleges of higher education or universities during their studies . istruzione
by offering students in the erasmus programme the opportunity to learn a minimum of two languages that are spoken in the countries where the colleges of higher education are based , we may be able , in time , to reverse the pernicious trend that we notice mainly in the large member states . istruzione
accordingly , our universities and colleges , the entire higher education system , in fact , will remain a showcase to the rest of the world of which we have every reason to be proud . istruzione
– mr president , commissioner , the recommendation for second reading by mrs de sarnez , and the amendments unanimously tabled to it by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , are to be welcomed because they clarify and enhance various aspects of the erasmus mundus programme . istruzione
the education council ’ s agreement that the financial envelope should be set at eur 230 million is important , since that figure seems fairly satisfactory . NULL
finally , the care taken over linguistic matters and the principle of cultural diversity , the quality label and coordination between higher education and professional training , are also important . istruzione
is this the way for the european education system to compete on truly equal terms with its united states counterpart , in either quantitative or qualitative terms ? istruzione
for now , it should be noted with approval that , in terms of higher education , europe now has at its disposal yet another extremely useful international tool , which has raised the hopes of many , and justifiably so . istruzione
– mr president , commissioner reding , it is encouraging that we are able to initiate two new educational programmes today , which , although they perform different functions and tasks , have a common goal , that is to say to make europe more attractive and thereby to arouse greater interest in europe across the world . istruzione
the point has already been made that the programme , which generally applies to higher education institutions and students from across the world that have gained a first degree , must , however , also take account of vocational training , such as technical courses for engineers and higher technicians , which are included in the category of ‘ higher education institutions ’ , and for which appropriate proposals are to be drawn up . istruzione
furthermore , it must be made clear that these financial resources must be raised in addition to other educational programmes and not redeployed from them . istruzione
ladies and gentlemen , education is the number one investment in the future . istruzione
cooperation with universities in third countries is just as important , so that we can , for our part , strengthen the status of higher education in the countries participating in the programme . istruzione
i believe the close involvement of the new member states in this programme will also contribute to their participation in the implementation of other objectives with respect to the eu ’ s education policy . istruzione
– mr president , erasmus mundus will significantly improve the quality of higher education in europe : 250 european university courses , more than 4 000 scholarships for post-graduate students , 1 000 visiting professors from third countries , 4 000 students , 800 university scholars by 2008 , partnerships between universities in third countries and erasmus-mundus universities in europe – these are all important elements in boosting europe as a place of knowledge and – as mrs pack said – in creating a european learning area . istruzione
opening the europe of education at international level , which is a daring move , promotes the european learning area and we are now starting to look at it not in a fragmentary manner , but with the bridges which it has , with the cooperation which it has , as a real area . NULL
i think that the erasmus mundus programme is of a different quality in comparison with all the previous programmes , precisely because it is not based simply on exchanges , on mobility ; on the contrary , it gives us a new stamp , a new reference point , to which the thousands of students and the hundreds of education institutions using it will be able to give real meaning . istruzione
– the next item is the debate on the recommendation for second reading ( a5-0314 / 2003 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the common position of the council with a view to adopting a decision of the european parliament and of the council adopting a multi-annual programme ( 2004-2006 ) for the effective integration of information and communication technologies ( ict ) in education and training systems in europe ( learning programme ) ( 8642 / 1 / 2003 – c5-0293 / 2003 – 2002 istruzione
mr president , commissioner reding , training and education will be a major issue in the council , the commission and in this house , and i believe that , if we want to do justice to the -learning programme , in order to bridge the digital divide between individual countries , regions and generations , then this report has certainly taken a step in the right direction . NULL
all european education and training systems must accelerate access to and use of new information and communication technologies to improve quality and reduce discrepancies . istruzione
i am sorry to say that the situation in many countries – austria included – is currently such that cost cutting has prevented increased investment in education that had been agreed , resulting instead in an increase in cutbacks in the education sector . istruzione
i think that it is for the european union to give a visible impulse in this area , thus starting a chain reaction and again making education a top priority in the member states , so that it does not fall victim to the cost-cutting that has been the case to date . istruzione
there are large discrepancies between the different areas in europe in terms of the use of information technology in education , and we must ensure that disadvantaged schools are given the incentive to dare take the plunge to learning . istruzione
the general aim of the programme is to improve the quality and accessibility of education and training systems by means of information and communication technologies . istruzione
for that reason , i propose , commissioner , that funds be made available , as directly as is possible , for organisations devoted to caring for the disabled , unemployed , poor and elderly , which can maintain levels of education and training within their own circles , as education and training do not extend to these sorts of people either . istruzione
if , clearly , the budget made available for this new instrument must not in any way put a strain on the budgets for the existing programmes , it remains no less the case that the budgets initially provided for by the commission ( eur 200 million ) and by the council ( eur 180 million ) are far too niggardly to give full scope to this new instrument of exchange and cooperation within the field of higher education . istruzione
now , the stakes are high . it is , in fact , a question not only of forging closer links between the european universities but also of boosting the competitiveness of higher education provision by making it more attractive to students and teachers in the rest of the world . istruzione
as we know , the underlying argument proposes to integrate european higher education systems to form a european education market , where postgraduate courses will have a particularly prominent role to play . istruzione
to that end , i feel it is crucial both to establish knowledge networks and partnerships which transcend the borders of the european union , and to award multiple qualifications involving various higher education institutions in different member states . istruzione
when existing exchange programmes come up for review , it is important that this new dimension of european higher education be taken into account . istruzione
by adopting today a new instrument of exchange and cooperation in the field of higher education , we are sending out a positive signal to students and teachers in third countries in the rest of the world that we are outward-looking and welcoming . istruzione
this erasmus mundus programme offers a new vision of higher education in europe , enabling foreign students to make a ‘ tour of europe ’ in two or three different universities , including those entered by competitive examination . istruzione
we must make our higher education attractive . istruzione
we quite obviously want education and training systems to benefit from information and communication technologies and , in short , from everything implied by the european learning programme . istruzione
while the european institutions set great store , however , by programmes presented as being at the forefront of progress , the education of working class children , even at elementary level , is in decline everywhere in europe . istruzione
governments prefer to shower the employers with subsidies , while reducing the social budgets , including that for state education . scuola
if high technology is perhaps making a little progress in the classroom , state education is in decline for lack of resources . scuola
for that reason , a whole generation of children and young people from working class backgrounds and environments is being deprived of the minimum of education , not even to mention an education worthy of the name and commensurate with the wealth of the continent , for , in this area as in all others , it is the working classes who pay the price for the anti-social choices of governments serving only the privileged and affluent classes . istruzione
this is happening in response to the so-called example gleaned from the experiences and policies of countries that have gone further along the path of privatising schools and of commercialising education . istruzione
in addition , they pave the way for private organisations to supply informal educational methods such as distance learning , whose value as an educational qualification is meaningless , and also for the contracting of workers trained in such informal ‘ education systems ’ . insegnamento
i fully support this resolution , particularly regarding the need to encourage the integration of new information and communication technologies in education and training systems in europe , thereby improving the quality of those systems and access to them . istruzione
i would make one exception , however : such cooperation cannot involve any interference with the freedom of member states to determine the content of educational programmes , otherwise for dialogue between cultures will be replaced with a single mode of thought . insegnamento
the effective enhancement of goods and services , guarantees of effective dissemination and exchanges of good practice are reasons to support the rapporteur ’ s proposal to amend the quantity of budget appropriations for the multiannual programme , and will also make it possible to promote genuine integration of the new information and communication technologies in education and training systems in europe . istruzione
thirdly , i am also arguing for 35 % of the annual credits to be used for elementary health care and primary education . istruzione
the austerity imposed on the workers and working classes in order to serve the interests of the monopolies is being continued under the lisbon philosophy , with more intense exploitation , violation of workers ' employment and insurance rights , rising unemployment , the destruction of the environment and the continuing commercialisation of health , education and social welfare . istruzione
in this regard , it is also important that we should have sufficient funds available to be able to promptly and effectively integrate the new information and communications technologies into europe ’ s education and training systems . istruzione
not only does learning , a multiannual programme , work towards social cohesion and towards bridging the digital divide , but it also improves opportunities for lifelong learning and enhances the european dimension in education , and that is something we need . formazione
if the level can be boosted here through training and extra investments , not only will we achieve the target figure of 35 % for the social infrastructure in developing countries , but we can also ensure that at least 20 % of this can be spent on primary education and health care . istruzione
it is absolutely clear that the market sector rests on the non-market and that europe lacks a non-market policy in areas like education , infrastructure and creativeness . istruzione
in other words , it is proposing full unaccountability for companies , cheap money and guarantees that investments will bring in excessive profits and a propaganda campaign at all levels ( education , mass media and so on ) in order to persuade even the inexperienced that they must worship entrepreneurship or , at the very least , entrepreneurs . istruzione
we should increase our financial assistance in nepal and we must ensure that the main goal is the eradication of poverty and provision of universal health and education services . istruzione
it provides for round table conferences involving all parties , as well as prompt elections to the national parliament , new structures featuring regional self-government , the introduction of the market economy and education and employment rights for ethnic groups and people with disabilities , all of which adds up to a substantial package . istruzione
the first is that turkish military personnel are still in supervisory authorities controlling important areas of civilian life , such as the national council of education or the national council of radio and television . istruzione
i fail to find this spelled out clearly in the commission proposal , and nor does it contain other objectives , such as education , health care , environment and democratisation . istruzione
at least 20 % of this should be spent on basic health care and basic education , for these millennium goals have had a very raw deal to date . istruzione
secondly , education , in particular , is a very important instrument in the fight against poverty . istruzione
everyone is entitled to it and must have access to all forms of education , irrespective of their origin , gender or age . istruzione
i would therefore emphatically call for gender mainstreaming , and even for extra attention for women and girls , not only in education and health care , but also in social , economic and especially political spheres . istruzione
we agree with the objectives which take up our commitment to the fight to eradicate poverty , not only in terms of the financing and co-financing of projects to promote development , but prioritising education , health and strengthening civil society in order to strengthen democracy , transparency and good governance , without which democracy will not be strengthened and the desired development will not achieve its objectives . istruzione
supporting sectoral programmes linked to health , education and poverty alleviation in latin america ’ s poorest countries and regions could be achieved by means of the programming and implementation instruments which we have at our disposal . istruzione
parliament proposes to introduce a number of sectoral targets in the regulation : 35 % for social infrastructure and , within this figure , 20 % for basic education and health ; another 10 % for the environment and up to 15 % for civil society . istruzione
however , i would like to stress that it will not be in line with this agreement to add new conditions , in particular the 20 % for basic education . istruzione
- on the report ( a5-0358 / 2003 ) by mrs prets , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision establishing a community action programme to promote bodies active at european level in the field of youth ( com ( 2003 ) 272 c5-0257 / 2003 2003 / 0113 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
- on the report ( a5-0357 / 2003 ) by mrs pack , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision establishing a community action programme to promote bodies active at european level and support for specific activities in the field of education and training ( com ( 2003 ) 273 c5-0255 / 2003 2003 / 0114 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
- on the report ( a5-0359 / 2003 ) by mrs iivari , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision establishing a community action programme to promote bodies active at european level in the field of culture ( com ( 2003 ) 275 c5-0262 / 2003 2003 / 0115 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in 2002 the three european institutions worked together in order to draw up a new financial regulation , and this now gives us a clear framework for the subsidies by means of which we support a large number of excellent european organisations in the fields of culture , youth and education . istruzione
i am grateful to mr rocard for having realised just how urgent they are and for ensuring that the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , which he chairs , was able to examine the commission ’ s proposals rapidly . istruzione
the switch from one budgetary approach to another may , however , cause serious financial difficulties , the consequences of which could prove to be drastic for the europe of culture , youth and education if the joint legislators do not reach an agreement as soon as possible . istruzione
in the case of the ‘ culture ’ legal base , there is even less scope for flexibility , because the council has to take a unanimous decision , but we must retain some flexibility , not only on culture , but also on youth and on education , because it has to be said that these three areas are essential to the development of europe . istruzione
we note that the length of the programmes – five years for culture and education , and three years for youth – has met with mixed reactions . istruzione
on the education side , we can accept in part , or in spirit , a group of amendments , namely amendments 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , which seek to amend , by making amendments as part of the 2004 budgetary process , the total amount of funding and the maximum and minimum percentages of that funding reserved for each activity in the programme . NULL
i should now like to invite you to do everything you can to ensure that the support which the union gives to the europe of culture , education and youth does not experience an eclipse . istruzione
as regards the committee on culture , youth , education , the medica and sport ’ s three reports , which are up for discussion , i think they can easily be discussed and dealt with together , but they differ completely in content and we cannot therefore strike a deal on them simultaneously . istruzione
many organisations , most especially in education , receive such minimal support that any further reduction would actually disqualify them altogether and it will not be worth picking up a pencil to make an application . istruzione
the aims of supporting youth organisations that operate on a european scale include promoting international dialogue among young people , getting information on relevant topics to as wide a public as possible and offering informal educational opportunities . istruzione
education , youth and culture should be paid greater attention ; they should not simply be mentioned or serve as padding for speech making . istruzione
europe ’ s future lies in an open-minded youth , given an opportunity through strengthened educational institutions and organisations to build a europe of common social prosperity , the foundation of which will be acceptance of cultural diversity and dialogue with art and culture . educativi
as the council on education , youth and culture , which must decide unanimously on the issue , is , according to my information , definitely of the opinion that the programme should last until 2006 , and not 2008 , i have tabled an amendment on the matter . istruzione
nevertheless , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport voted on and rejected the amendments by the committee on budgets on these two aspects , using the argument that it contradicted the other elements of the report . istruzione
as a liberal , i am pleased about the fact that the commission has tabled the proposal to provide a legal framework for support in the fields of culture , education , training and youth . istruzione
we all know in this chamber and in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport that the work of the european union must be carried out not only inside the institutions but also by people outside . istruzione
mr president , the action programme for education and training reflects the need to establish a proper legal basis for providing grants for organisations engaged at european level in the education and training fields . istruzione
with regard to the report on education and training , i would like to say that i completely agree with the constant quest for quality in teaching and education , and i believe it to be wonderful that this is being promoted at european level . istruzione
but i would like to add , in relation to the three reports in general , that we must attach more importance to education , youth and culture , because although we always say here that they are extremely important issues , the reality is that this view is not then reflected in the european union 's budgets . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the subject which we are examining appears at first sight to be technical , yet it conceals behind it a very serious political dimension , in that it concerns the funding of organisations which , according to the wording repeated in the explanatory statements of all three reports , ' reinforce the european message ' and operate in three crucial areas : youth , education and culture . istruzione
of the action in the field of education , we single out funding for teaching about european integration in universities , the funding of foundations which promote the policy of the european union , even training of national judges in community law . istruzione
it did not receive it then because , during those months , the commission was achieving the impossible in order to safeguard cultural bodies , educational bodies and youth bodies , and in order to proceed in the direction desired by the european parliament , in order to give assistance to those beneficiaries which parliament had selected , quite rightly , so that they could switch from one system to the other without any interruption . educativi
if we took so long , it was because we needed to find solutions to an impossible situation , solutions that would be in the interests of our cultural , educational and youth bodies . educativi
evidence to date has revealed huge differences between the two sexes both in education and in the labour market . istruzione
in order to increase the number of women in education and training in the new technologies , my report proposes the inclusion of computers and the internet into primary schooling from an early age , so as to encourage young girls to take up lessons in a positive direction . istruzione
special attention should be given to the content of the multimedia , in order to promote positive images of women , such as the amazing performance of women at all levels of education . istruzione
we are calling on the european commission and the member states to promote the full and equal participation of women in the media , including the administration , planning , management , education and projection sectors . istruzione
one fact leaps out from these figures : there will be no real need for workers who do not have the necessary education to use the new technologies . istruzione
in some countries , less than 30 % of women go on to study the new technologies in higher education . scuole
in this context , the lisbon strategy and the european social policy agenda and the employment strategy have played a significant role in promoting women ’ s access to the information society , including all the steps adopted by education ministers at national and european level . istruzione
as i said at the beginning of this speech , particular attention must be paid to women who risk being excluded from the information society , including women who are older , unemployed or on a low income , women who are immigrants or who have disabilities and , above all , women who have not received sufficient education . istruzione
the rapporteur 's proposals touch on a broad range of policies to promote the participation of women in the world of new technologies ; policies which relate to the workplace , the business world and the world of education and rightly point out that , in order to achieve this objective , women need to participate in the planning of and decisions on the relevant policies . istruzione
i have had good , profitable meetings with the working environment agency in bilbao , the monitoring centre on racism in vienna , the environment agency in copenhagen and , in particular , the business education centre in turin . formazione
in accordance with the provisions of the framework regulation on executive agencies , the commission is at present examining the creation of a dedicated agency to assist in the implementation of community programmes in the field of education and culture , such as socrates , leonardo da vinci , youth etc . istruzione
i was very pleased with a lot of what the commissioner said , but i really have to say how deeply disappointed i am that , following the debate in the committee , the bombshell has been dropped that the commission wishes to set up a new agency for education and culture . istruzione
moreover , the problem of road accidents could be better addressed by other instruments such as speed cameras , fines , education , separate bicycle lanes and so on . educazione
these tried and tested procedures will make for further advances in the information and consultation of workers , including , among other things , the anticipation of market trends or technological developments , as well as long-term investment in people and the encouragement of employability by the use of education and training , careers advice , alternatives to closure and redundancies , and , wherever this is possible , the redeployment within the enterprise of workers affected by restructuring measures . formazione
there are in actual fact women – and , as time goes by , more women than men – who enter higher education , although that is no longer , of course , always a criterion for participating in political life . istruzione
although the financial assistance that is proposed for education and training bodies proves that there is a desire to contribute to developing our education systems , it has an elitist vision , which is far removed from the problems facing young people today and does not match the needs of each member state ’ s educational systems . istruzione
the attempts to contribute financially to actions that will help to improve education and training conditions are , however , to be welcomed , especially if they take account of the seriousness of early school leaving in some countries , such as portugal , ongoing illiteracy , the need to end child labour and to promote education and training . istruzione
- ict must be integrated into education from the most elementary levels to higher education and vocational training . istruzione
this is all well and good , but how is a person to penetrate the labour market nowadays and work towards getting a worthwhile , high-quality job if people with disabilities are not provided with adequate teaching , education and training , for instance ? educazione
everyone had hoped for much more , however , at both community and national level , particularly in my country – portugal – which suffers from serious social problems , the highest rate of poverty in the european union , many forms of discrimination and has seen cuts in fundamental public investment in areas such as education and health . istruzione
a good example would be the use of assistance dogs throughout the union , which , along with technical tools and information technology , mean greater scope socially , educationally , and professionally for people with visual , aural and motion disabilities . uditive
i leave it to you to assess the reactions of the ministers for education to interventions by european legislation in education and of the ministers for health and welfare to interventions by european legislation in health and welfare and social systems . istruzione
in europe , by contrast , spending has been static and has , in some countries , even been reduced ; despite all their pious utterances , most eu countries are cutting back on education and research . istruzione
the above proposals and everyday political practice in research and higher education make the positive points in the report sound like a simple wish list . istruzione
what we lack today is a convincing framework for investment in technologies which can saveresources and focus on social cohesion , education and innovation . educazione
making a success of sustainable development means fostering private initiative , educating and informing the public , continuing to pursue healthy macro-economic policies that generate jobs , accelerating structural reform and promoting investment in infrastructure and human resources . educare
nonetheless , i would ask the commission not to neglect education , youth and culture . istruzione
culture and education must be integrated more fully , education as the basis for progress and development in the european union , and culture as a prerequisite for community relations , dialogue and respect for cultural diversity . istruzione
i can report that , building on the work done to date by echo , a first package of eur 29 million has been set aside for the un 's work in water and sanitation , health , education , employment and income-generating schemes : all areas in which the un has been active and where the un 's 4000 local agents are still working . istruzione
as the commissioner has already mentioned , we are working to a very tight timetable , as the continued funding of many european institutions , and the support for non-governmental organisations , associations , trade unions and educational institutions in the next financial year cannot be secured without passing a legal act . formative
but we represent the interests of the citizens and this report , together with another establishing a community action programme for the promotion of bodies active at european level in the fields of culture , youth , education and training , are of key importance in terms of the european union 's credibility , and by means of them it is possible to communicate the fundamental message of our work , which is to build europe with the participation of the citizens . istruzione
secondly , i should like to highlight the importance of a community action programme to promote organisations active at european level in the field of equality between men and women , in activities as important as integrating the gender perspective into education , sport , health , social protection , cooperation with women ’ s associations in third countries , without detracting from the important work of the european women ’ s lobby . istruzione
how can anyone fail to endorse the principles set out in amendment 13 : the participation of women in decision-making , the suppression of all forms of violence against women , of sexual stereotyping and of discrimination against women in the workplace and the integration of the aim of sexual equality into the domains of education , sport , health and social welfare ? istruzione
i have to say this about every report that has to do with action programmes , but , as the commission has been very , very tardy in putting the reports before parliament , the organisations concerned – including the cultural and educational programmes and of course the women ’ s programmes – now face the danger that they will get their money in 2004 only after a substantial delay or that the programmes cannot be run at all if – as you have previously stressed – this is not wrapped up by december . educativi
contributing to the privatisation of economies , to support for small and medium-sized businesses that create employment , which help to stabilise immigration in the countries of origin , and contributing to eliminating illiteracy , accepting education as one of the most important factors for development , and increasing cooperation in the field of justice , the fight against drugs , organised crime and terrorism , constitute key priorities that add to the dialogue between cultures and civilizations . istruzione
i agree with the idea of creating areas of cooperation , as proposed in the report , that include policies devoted to human rights , democracy , civil society , education , research , culture , the movement of persons , judicial cooperation , the fight against terrorism , conflict prevention , the movement of goods , services and capital , employment , infrastructures and information and communication networks . istruzione
i , who had an education in philosophy , feel compelled to say this . formazione
i propose , for example , that we give a powerful commitment to school and civic education , to promoting a culture of responsibility and respect , to improving roads and motorways , which are becoming increasingly congested , and to technological improvements to cars and to all vehicles . educazione
as mrs schreyer said in the statement , the application of those tools to economic , social , health , educational and a whole range of other developments is extremely important . istruzione
an interminable number of international summits have now taken place at which we have given pledges concerning , for example , education for all and the fast track initiative within the world bank to help children and , above all , girls to benefit from an education . istruzione
because my region is seriously disadvantaged in educational terms and because our infrastructure is not yet up to the task , there is a huge way to go for us in order to be able to benefit from it enormously . istruzione
and indeed our community would not really serve any purpose unless it also provided complementary services in domains such as education , rail transport or information . istruzione
key areas such as education , health and water must not be liberalised , and there is a need to recognise the increasingly numerous hybrid situations in which social , economic and environmental factors are intertwined . istruzione
with certain services in particular , such as health , education and social services , the national authorities must have the right to lay down the rules which govern the provision of these services by private , profit-making agencies . istruzione
broad-based movements within our european societies today are also voicing clear demands for the effective exercise of citizens ’ social rights – the right to education , culture , health care , environmental protection , clean water and clean air as well as rights of access to housing , transport , communication , information , energy supplies , etc . istruzione
only basic education and social protection would remain in the public sector . istruzione
is not the education sector of economic interest ? istruzione
because of the ambiguity of the criteria used to distinguish between economic and non-economic activities and to guarantee the subsidiarity that everyone is demanding , certain areas of activity – education , health care and social housing – will have to be explicitly excluded from the application of the competition rules . istruzione
our additional gsp approach would enable extra support for countries that take education , health care and free trade unions seriously , but we would want a multilateral approach to this . istruzione
we could do more at this end , in terms of educating consumers and suppliers in the union , to help them realise what the effect of their actions is on the ecology and development in the countries of origin and to stop people from regarding bushmeat as a luxury delicacy , whereas what we are really looking at is the potential extinction of animals in certain places . educazione
it is essential that we maintain an education programme that will keep people from buying and eating great apes through greater understanding and awareness . istruzione
the european union has committed over eur 200 million in recent years to help rebuild afghanistan , and the european union must take the decision financially to support the iranian government for a number of years so as to ensure that the basic social infrastructural and educational needs are addressed in the reconstruction process of bam . istruzione
in many countries , the loss of teachers means that the educational system can no longer function , and as already stated , the number of orphans is growing dramatically . scolastico
worse access to education and health care , a biologically greater risk of infection and a difficult social position all contribute to this . istruzione
the result is a drop in the standard of education . istruzione
nepad consists of ten priority themes , the most important of which are good public governance , good governance of the private sector , infrastructure – and we know how important that is – education and health too of course , agriculture , the environment , energy , and , finally , access to markets in the developed countries , something which is difficult at present . istruzione
the objectives and principles are everything that we in europe would ask for and insist on , including eradication of poverty , raising the status of africa on the world scene , making good governance a basic requirement , building a peaceful , secure and stable continent able to energise its economies to take advantage of world trade , and trying to ensure that the millennium development goals in the area of health and education are met . istruzione
in economic terms , nepad promises the same liberalism as was created by the world bank and the imf , the liberalism of structural adjustment plans , the same liberalism which brought argentina to its knees and which grapples with public services , health services , water-distribution services and education services , the liberalism which , in the final analysis , increases inequalities and poverty , in particular as they affect women . istruzione
that means that there must be active , democratic and pluralist participation by the key groups from civil society : the non-government organisations as well as the political bodies and associations , the trade unions as well as employers ’ organisations , and the churches as well as cultural associations and education bodies , to cite just a few examples . istruzione
the next item is a report ( a5-0477 / 2003 ) by mrs prets , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on preserving and promotingcultural diversity in an enlarged europe : the role of the european regions and international organisations such as unesco and the council of europe ( 2002 / 2269 ( ini ) ) . istruzione
privately financed education markets have largely been liberalised . istruzione
the chinese were also talking about education , and all this in a huge country like china , which is counting on europe to help it to preserve its cultural diversity . istruzione
therefore , let us teach languages to our children , and on this point i am happy to see that almost all – in fact i would say all – our education ministers are making an effort , and some of them are starting from scratch . istruzione
they are making an effort to introduce languages into primary education . istruzione
reforms in the field of education have also been carried out in the proper way so that our country is now a signatory of the bologna declaration . istruzione
investment in education , lifelong learning and in research are not theoretical problems , but an objective that must be pursued at once because our international competitors are overtaking us , or have already done so . NULL
there is no point in me giving you facts and figures : here the issue is that hundreds of thousands of people are educated here and go elsewhere , or are educated elsewhere and go elsewhere . formate
their activities embrace every aspect of cultural and educational experience , individual creativity , assertiveness , advocacy and responsibility . formazione
each state independently and legitimately organises , in keeping with its own social and historical traditions , educational courses and lays down its own rules for entering the various professions . formativi
.mr president , the commission has repeatedly confirmed the need to establish a knowledge-based europe geared towards the market of european citizens , a more competitive and dynamic knowledge-based europe which also promotes quality training and education , particularly by guaranteeing the mutual recognition of professional qualifications and diplomas as a concrete and tangible proof of european citizenship . formazione
to date , however , this is subject to major difficulties which , without going into too much detail , i want to list : the lack of any real spirit of cooperation , help and understanding ; the complexity of existing national legislation ; the reluctance of national authorities ; the preference given to educational and training criteria instead of to examinations intended to ensure that education is really equivalent for the purpose of recognising diplomas ; the lack of academic recognition of diplomas and other courses of study . tirocinio
at the same time , this is an indirect but clear intervention in the education systems of the member states , despite the provision to the contrary in the treaty of the european union . istruzione
the distinction between vocational and academic equivalence is the means of imposing an education model which limits the breadth and depth of higher education to the minimum demands of companies ; in other words , it is far below the academically acceptable level . istruzione
it is an education model which downgrades higher education as a whole and creates specialised scientific manpower with no depth of knowledge and hence no demands . istruzione
in addition , the directive puts all post-secondary education diplomas on the same footing , be they from a higher education institution or from a vocational school . postsecondario
for greece in particular , the directive intervenes indirectly and creates in order to bring to a close outstanding education issues on which there is acute confrontation and controversy on the part of the interested parties . istruzione
similarly , we call for all the laboratories or study centres which enter into agreements with foreign universities and market their diplomas to be closed and for the franchising system to be abolished entirely in the field of university education . istruzione
however , because the problems of the greek education system are dragging on , i tabled an amendment which was approved in committee , so that european diplomas could be recognised as soon as possible , without needless legal obstacles and without greece being condemned by the court of justice of the european communities , and so that reputable european universities could open annexes in greece under a regime of legal certainty , in order to raise the level of courses through competition and put a stop to student migration . istruzione
in greece in the past few days , after the outcry which arose , the leadership of the socialist party changed its mind on private higher education . istruzione
that is why it is important , where diplomas certifying a theoretical education are granted to diploma holders who study in various countries , that we demand as a that their courses be held in every country by recognised education establishments and not by companies which do not fall within the official education system of the host country . istruzione
we all need to agree on this if we do not want to put the product of education on the same footing as an uncontrolled industrial product . istruzione
consequently , it is one thing for us to encourage cooperation between universities – or even , if you like , between universities and other education establishments , on which no-one can disagree – and it is quite another thing , under cover of cooperation , for us to indirectly allow units not recognised as education agencies by legislation to be recognised as such . formazione
listening to the debate on these issues , you often get the feeling that every country has the world ’ s best education system . istruzione
this is an example of how people believe that they themselves have the best education system of all . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in view of the lisbon objective of becoming the most competitive , dynamic and knowledge-based society by 2010 , this is not just a question of economic and industrial policy but above all a question of education and training . istruzione
for this reason , we stress the absolute necessity of education , of clear and straightforward information and of strict regulatory control of those who sell and distribute such products . sensibilizzazione
i particularly welcome the idea that the most important investment nowadays is in people , in men and women , given that education and training – alongside the dissemination of new technologies – are the main ingredients of effective policy for innovation in the services sector and for the worthwhile aim of job creation . istruzione
it is therefore valuable that the commission was able to pinpoint the areas where coordinated european action can be of benefit , without overlooking different national realities and sensitivities – integration into the labour market , recognition of migrants ’ qualifications , linguistic and educational abilities , housing and urban issues , health and social services and social and cultural integration . educative
integration is an essential factor in social cohesion that depends on factors such as education , language and civic participation . istruzione
one of the issues over which we had quite a lot of debate with mrs echerer indeed mr karas referred to it , and much of what came from the committee on economic and monetary affairs and indeed from the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport was also included in our final vote is the question of the operation of the marketplace in connection with collective rights management . istruzione
i wish to say one last thing : to congratulate the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport on its work and in particular the suggestions that it presented to the commission on the future directives on television , radio , communication , transmission and telecommunications in the digital area , opportunely accepted in this report and which feature in paragraph 29 of the resolution that we will be voting in favour of . istruzione
it calls for the right of residence in europe of those subject to the travel ban to be rescinded , for members of their families to be barred from employment and educational institutions in the european union , for high-profile economic links with zimbabwe that have given the regime international prestige to be curtailed , for those providing financial backing to the zanu-pf regime to be identified , and for measures to be imposed against them . insegnamento
the conditions have to be created under which the suspension of the cotonou agreement in accordance with its article 96 can again be lifted , for our support is urgently necessary , especially in the areas of education and health . istruzione
our approach must be to strengthen our human resources , education , training , technological development , research and knowledge . istruzione
the other subjects are education and training , and regional policy . istruzione
instead of spending huge sums on the arms race and military operations , money should be spent on education , healthcare , economic development and the fight to eradicate poverty . istruzione
the arab world also logged the highest rejection of authoritarian rule – the figure in this regard was 80 % – and was indeed the third highest in favour of gender equality in higher education . istruzione
the secretary-general has reinvigorated the staple work of the un institutions , the work that is done by those all-too-frequently unsung heroes : promoting economic development , feeding the hungry and educating the world . istruire
in the brief conversation that the bureau of the foreign affairs committee was able to have with you earlier , it became even clearer to us that the european parliament and the european union really can work together on joint projects , and that we can cooperate very closely where policy matters and budgetary resources are concerned , as well as in many other areas – be it on issues connected with the supply of water , with education in the developing world , infrastructure measures or the fight against epidemics . istruzione
using children as soldiers is a violation of their human rights and deprives them of their childhood and the chance for education and building a better future as a result . istruirsi
the un 's millennium declaration lists major issues in which we would like to make real improvement , for example by halving global poverty and with regard to good governance , health , education and an end to the oppression of women , these should all be items on the agenda , the progress of which we can measure in the framework of the acp-eu meetings . istruzione
finally , and i will conclude on this point , the fundamental rights of every person to health and education must remain in the public sphere , just as water , transport , health and energy should remain outside of the gats . istruzione
i fully share the view concerning people ’ s need for clean water , efficient drainage , elementary health care and medical treatment , basic education and access to energy . istruzione
as you will recall , commissioner byrne , i called upon you some time ago , when we were discussing dioxin and other products , to announce a ban on imports from china and other countries , simply for disciplinary or educational effect . pedagogico
as we pointed out during the debate on the report , its objective is to further liberalise the job market for the benefit of big business , it intervenes in the education system of the member states , imposing an educational model which downgrades higher education , and it harmonises downwards the qualifications needed to access professions protected by law . istruzione
as far as engineers , for example , are concerned , apart from the question of unequal treatment at the expense of qualified engineers who have completed a five-year course at an institute of higher education , whom it equates with graduates of three-year courses , the downgrading of the profession implied by the directive gives rise to the serious matter of public interest and urgent social and grass-roots requirements in sensitive sectors , such as earthquake protection , construction and upgrading the natural and man-made environment . istruzione
in addition , plenary voted in favour of the amendments which pave the way for the recognition of imitation diplomas issued by university institutes , the famous liberal study centres linked with foreign universities , equating its graduates with graduates from greek institutes of higher education , despite the fact that the courses at these centres are not recognised in greece as higher education courses . istruzione
in fact , even though we must take pleasure in the reference to equal treatment in the new constitution , we all know that the situation of women is fragile and that respect for their fundamental rights will only be achieved with the help of the international community and as a result of intensive information and education campaigns . educazione
having said that , what really amazes me , as well as the scant importance attached to the issue of women , is above all the absence of an education dossier in the commission 's work and in the budget lines proposed . istruzione
everybody knows that the issue of education , and in particular the education of girls , is essential within the context of women as an emblem of reconstruction . istruzione
in fact , the climate of insecurity must not destabilise the efforts made , and hence the unquestionable need for a multiannual framework programme which would allow both the structuring of the judicial system and the establishment of specific reconciliation regulations as well as an education system . educativo
it was built , it was inundated with women looking for education and health care , it was a place where they could take off their burkas in peace . istruzione
in november 2003 , mr karzai 's government allowed the enforcement of a 1970 law banning married women from the classroom which , according to the deputy education minister , led to the expulsion of about two to three thousand women . istruzione
the control of education by religious authorities is definitely a very alarming signal and an issue that should be raised . istruzione
many reports confirm that in several regions of afghanistan there is no security for women , and education for girls is under threat . istruzione
a lot of resources will be needed to rebuild the country , and the eu is a large donor ; in my view this entitles us to lay down significant political conditions , including demanding progress in human rights , particularly women 's rights to education and access to the workforce . istruzione
the best hope for the future may be universal education , which will not change current attitudes but rather those of the next generation . istruzione
the last point concerns the education system . educativo
we in the european parliament want to see an open education system as an alternative to the madrasas or the koran schools that operate as strongholds of muslim extremism and of a culture of hatred in which taliban militants are recruited . educativo
it is true that the eu and russia have set themselves the long-term aim of creating a common economic space , a common space of freedom , security and justice , a common space of cooperation in the field of external security and a space of research and education , including cultural aspects . istruzione
one of the areas of cooperation mentioned at the st petersburg summit was research , education and culture . istruzione
i am a firm supporter of more exchange programmes for researchers , teachers and students and cooperation between educational institutions . istruzione
without doubt over the last 20 years , the greatest progress has been made in the participation and performances of women at all levels of education , given that today they account for 55 % of graduates in the european union . istruzione
in order to make a more accurate analysis , the rapporteur proposes different actions for the minority groups referred to in the report , such as , for example , the development of statistics and the carrying out of a specific study , the involvement of these women in decision-making procedures , the promotion of information technology , training and education and protection of their sexual and reproductive health . istruzione
this is reflected not only in specific objectives and guidelines in the open method of coordination in the areas of employment , social inclusion and social protection , but also in efforts to close gender gaps in education , training and research . istruzione
the report goes about this in the right way , certainly as regards the deprivation caused by discrimination , the discriminating effect of measures in the areas of education and training , employment , participation in social life and protection against violence and sexual abuse . istruzione
it chose as its primary objectives the eradication of poverty , sustainable economic growth , educational opportunities for all population groups , especially for girls and women , gender equality and equal rights for men and women , protection , support and encouragement for the family , facilitation of general access to reproductive health , family planning and sexual health services , and a reduction in infant , child and maternal mortality rates . istruzione
instead , as is largely clear from the document presented by the rapporteur , mrs junker , the report focuses almost exclusively on issues concerning reproduction and sexual education , issues that are indeed very important but that do not necessarily have to be separated from a wider context and dealt with in a sterile manner , especially if these statements are not fully in line with the cairo conclusions . educazione
men taking responsibility is mentioned only once and education , which was addressed in a multifaceted way at the cairo conference , is referred to only in the context of reproductive health . istruzione
participation in primary education , particularly for girls , is way behind the objectives . istruzione
the report is far too much focused on the albeit very important and very urgent topic of reproductive health , but it is unfortunate that no attention has been given to other important topics which were explicitly addressed in cairo , including sustainable development , research , education , particularly for women and girls , the role of the extended family and the combating of violence against women . istruzione
we refer to complementary programmes to the actions of member states in fields such as the sixth research and development programme , the framework programme in favour of culture , forest focus for the protection of forests , life iii , public health , youth , education , including socrates , and many others . istruzione
unfortunately , the proposal we tabled to extend childcare to cover , by 2010 , all children until they enter compulsory education was also rejected .  
for women who are disabled , it argues for the directive establishing a general framework for equal treatment in employment and occupation to be transposed and for access to be provided to education , training , employment and occupational training in an ordinary environment . istruzione
even a question as central as education is mentioned only for the part it may play in the matter . istruzione
these , and a whole host of other facts contained in the report , clearly point to a need for increased action and assistance to be given by developed countries to combating poverty and encouraging economic growth , with a corresponding increase in educational opportunities , particularly lacking in some countries , for women and girls . formazione
lastly , as i also said in the debate , i must distance myself from a biased report that ignores many of the main aims of the cairo international conference : economic growth , town planning , the environment , employment , holding fathers jointly responsible for women ’ s sexual health and education as a whole , in addition to education focusing specifically on sexual and reproductive health . istruzione
food , safe water and health care are the prerequisite for education which , alongside sufficient energy supply and fair trade , will foster the long-term sustainable development of the individual and the society . istruzione
we have had lengthy talks about the 20 % equal share in cofinance , which will not quite work , as several organisations , especially in the educational sphere , get such minimal support that further cutbacks would mean that support would effectively lapse . istruzione
. – mr president , commissioner , today ’ s debate on these three much-needed programmes finds us seeking a common legal base for the areas of culture , education and youth . istruzione
as far as my own area is concerned , i can tell you that eur 77 million for the action programme for educational institutions is not a trifling amount , but , again , we could do with more . istruzione
within all three of these areas there are institutions and associations that are , putting it in the broadest possible terms , educational and cultural ambassadors for europe and which promote awareness of europe ’ s common cultural heritage . istruzione
my second point is that we expect more from the soul of europe , and so future budgets need to take more account of education and culture . istruzione
the third , commissioner , has to do with the new generation of educational and cultural programmes that you want to speak about today . educativi
i am very pleased that the importance of european cultural and educational cooperation is being highlighted in the commission proposal as a new financial framework in the building of europe ’ s future . istruzione
this new financial regulation now provides a clear legal framework for the subsidies we give to a large number of leading european organisations in the fields of culture , youth and education . istruzione
i believe everything is now in place to close this file and i would like to point out that the presidency has sent three letters to the chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport informing him that the council is open to reaching an agreement at second reading on the basis of the common positions so amended . istruzione
the commission ’ s position on the amendments contained in the various recommendations is as follows : so far as the proposal in the field of education and training is concerned , the commission is able to agree to the three amendments voted by the committee on culture at second reading because they bring major improvements to the way the programme is implemented . istruzione
however that may be , if i am speaking on my own behalf and not as a member of the european parliament , if i am speaking as a former history teacher , i recognise that while money is indeed important for education there is something even more important . istruzione
as mrs reding would say , education is also about training and the mind . istruzione
from our point of view as members of parliament , members of an eu institution , there is room for culture and education at european level . istruzione
culture and education are neither regional nor national nor european , they are all three at once . istruzione
i see it as giving cultural , educational and youth organisations the important message that this house has powerful advocates to plead their causes . istruzione
the legal package now under discussion will create a legal basis for grants to organisations active in the fields of education , culture and youth work . istruzione
in the ten years i have been in parliament i have had responsibility either as the budget rapporteur or the shadow budget rapporteur for the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , often working very closely with mrs iivari . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , rapporteurs , like the previous speakers , i believe it is essential to have a legal basis which provides us with a stable budget for european youth , culture and education programmes . istruzione
and that is what we in the european institutions must do next in relation to european youth , education and culture . istruzione
and the future of europe is going to depend very much on the education received by these young people . istruzione
although in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity education is not our responsibility , we can make a great and very positive contribution to the creation of a more united , knowledgeable , cohesive , cultured and educated europe ; this is what we all want . istruzione
i would therefore ask that , when we have finished the battle over the legal basis , amongst all of us we begin the battle to increase the budgets for youth , culture and education until they receive the sums they truly deserve , because that will benefit all of us . istruzione
the next item is the commission communication on the new generation of community education and training programmes 2007 – 2013 and on ‘ active citizenship ’ . educazione
mr president , these programmes will be our future because their main thrust is to help young people to realise their european aspirations both in the field of education and in the vast field of citizenship . istruzione
the applications we are receiving for projects connected with education and culture in the broad sense are at least 50 % more than we are able to grant . istruzione
as i believe president prodi said in this chamber , the commission thinks that education and citizenship are very strong aspects of future european policy . istruzione
the first is about education and is called ‘ the new generation of community education and training programmes ’ ; its common theme is life-long learning , which must start at a very early age , teaching children how to learn , and must continue until citizens leave working life . istruzione
there will therefore be just one integrated programme , a programme whose aim will be to ensure that languages , new technologies and , very importantly , the dissemination of the results of our work , which are considered transversal elements , cover all aspects of education . istruzione
there will of course be different levels , as there are today : schooling , vocational education and training , higher education , adult education . formazione
european added value will be introduced at all these levels : mobility , of course , because it is up to us to stress mobility ; partnerships between school classes , between organisations concerned with education ; transnational projects , in which our educationalists will develop new programmes at the leading edge of progress . istruzione
we want the number of people benefiting from the leonardo programme , which is concerned with vocational education and training , to rise from 45 000 a year today to at least 150 000 . formazione
we want genuine mobility in adult education : the present figure is , i am almost ashamed to say , 2 000 people , and we would like to increase that to at least 50 000 people a year . formazione
to this end , mr president , we want to develop tempus and make it into tempus plus , which will no longer concentrate solely on the university level , but will also provide aid tailored to the needs and capacities of each country , aid for all areas of education policy , including schooling and vocational education and training . istruzione
so much for the big new integrated education programme . istruzione
we do not want to educate oddballs , we want to educate people capable of making good films which , moreover , will sell . formare
since you want to increase and extend everything – leonardo , for example , from 45 000 participants to 150 000 , 10 % primary schoolchildren rather than 1.5 % , a leap from 2 000 to 50 000 in adult education , and more of the same besides – how much can we expect in the budget ? istruzione
– thank you , mr president , and congratulations to the commissioner , who has conceived the educational programmes along very ambitious lines . istruzione
our agenda simply describes this as a debate on the education and cultural programmes . istruzione
we , i think , must ensure – and you , in your proposal , must specify – that the youth programmes must be properly funded , that the informal system of education will continue to be valued as it needs to be in the future , and will be able to be extended in order to prepare people for active citizenship . istruzione
. mr president , i will try to be as brief as possible , mainly because i will be in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport next monday . istruzione
i can tell mrs pack that the precise opposite is the case : the fact is that we will be extending the tempus plus programme to all types of schooling , that is to say , to schools , vocational training , adult education and universities . istruzione
we need more if we are to be able to invest in the , in the citizens , in our young people , and the fact that the commission ’ s budget for the future is an enlarged one means that it has made more funds available for education and for citizenship . istruzione
languages , mr president , are included , as a common theme , in all our education programmes as well as in our programmes for citizenship . istruzione
you will have to wait until next week , mr rocard , when , in your capacity as chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , you will hear an answer that will satisfy you and i am sure not just you , but all european film-makers and all those who love the cinema . istruzione
it thus sees it as ‘ vital to maintain a strong-competition policy in the internal market ’ , going on to add that the stability pact must be adhered to , that it is necessary to press on with reforms to pensions and healthcare systems , that environmental policy must be made to pay , and even that the most profitable areas of education and training must be identified . istruzione
what is needed , therefore , is a re-evaluation of production and labour with a view to promoting economic development , employment and social cohesion , based on a steady increase in national and community public investment , particularly in basic infrastructures , in education , in qualifications and vocational training , in research and innovation , in the environment and in support for small- and medium-sized enterprises . istruzione
moreover , the lisbon objectives , which are ambitious but realistic , necessarily involve putting in place proactive policies enabling us to compete with our trading partners , first among them the united states and japan , in the strategic areas of research and development , education , and lifelong training . istruzione
the roma need understanding and massive resources deployed in order to provide them with the essentials of life , education and job opportunities , but equally they have to change their lifestyle . istruzione
mr president , the european union is good at influencing countries by dangling a carrot in front of them , but sometimes an educational rap on the knuckles does wonders too . educativa
support for youth associations must not be allowed to dwindle ; such bodies have a vital role to play in the education of young people , in the way that they encourage participation and extend democracy . formazione
i voted in favour of the proposed package , as i welcome the unanimous vote achieved in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
it is a further draft resolution in the field of youth , education and training , which , in common with the previous report , enjoyed the support of all committee members . istruzione
in this case , education and training – also questions that are worthy of attention – are brought to the fore . istruzione
. – this proposal strikes us as being worthy of condemnation in various respects , not only the damage it does to subsidiarity and its failure to respect the member states ’ competence in the educational sphere . istruzione
.i congratulate the rapporteurs , ms pack and ms prets , for their thorough work on the important issues of european policy in the areas of youth , education and training . istruzione
these reports dovetail nicely with yesterday ’ s commission communication on ' the new generation of education and training programmes ' setting out future programmes intended to replace the current socrates , leonardo da vinci , tempus , youth , culture 2000 and media plus from 2007 . cultura
these new programmes will also enable institutions in the fields of education , training and culture to improve cooperation . istruzione
we object on principle to the pack report ’ s choosing a small number of schools to receive a large proportion of the total education grant from the eu . istruzione
for example , the population is very well educated : 88 % of 20 to 24-year-olds have at least attended higher education . istruita
the european model differs from eastern and western practices in that democracy also embraces civil rights at work , in education and even in the information society . istruzione
the issue with the russian minorities in the baltic states is a political one , one in which moscow may well appear to be exerting influence , but which is in fact a conflict centring on education and citizens ’ rights , and it demands a political solution . istruzione
the study shows that typical potential migrants are young and extremely well educated – the very type of people we need in the union . istruzione
with regard to the point made about the impact , the cuban government is aware that the council acknowledges its significant achievements in the field of social rights such as health and education . istruzione
such other benefits may include , for example , access to employment , vocational training and education and other special programmes . istruzione
would he agree that there are already an increasing number of irish people who speak the language and that the number of people being educated through gaeilge in ireland has increased dramatically , particularly over the last 20 years ? istruzione
mr crowley is absolutely correct when he says that one of the extraordinary features has been the explosion of interest in the education sector in the irish language . istruzione
the most rapidly growing part of education in ireland is the gaelscoileanna , the all-irish schools at first and second level . istruzione
taking that argument even further , in europe our health and education sectors are bigger than the water sector is today . istruzione
if you go down the road of liberalising our water sector then you go down the road of liberalising our health and education sectors . istruzione
you want liberalisation in all areas , while in january 2004 parliament again rejected the liberalisation of the education , health , social services and water sectors . istruzione
in january , we expressed our opposition to the unrestrained privatisation of basic services such as water and sewerage , as well as health services and education . istruzione
nearly eur 900 billion cumulatively has been added to our combined gross domestic product – money that supports our social security system , pensions , healthcare and education . istruzione
how should we view this agreement , having heard the testimony of palestinians who are denied the most fundamental rights , such as peace , security , food , health , education , housing , employment , freedom of movement , the most basic living conditions , dignity , an independent and sovereign state ? istruzione
paragraph 63 of the resolution on the progress made in 2003 in creating an area of freedom , security and justice takes issue with a sovereign decision by the french parliament : the legislation it has adopted concerning respect for the principle of secularity in french public educational establishments . scolastici
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organisation ( unesco ) recently awarded its world press freedom prize to the cuban journalist and writer raúl rivero . istruzione
infant mortality , health in general and education are still priorities in this region , and yet basic greed still thwarts solid progress . istruzione
similarly , we must strive to ensure better access for women of all ages to the entire range of resources and services , such as health , education , training and infrastructures . istruzione
we also found it very regrettable that the final commission proposal for a directive took no account of education , decision-making processes , and the content of media and advertising . istruzione
why is race discrimination prohibited by eu legislation in the areas of education and social services , while sex discrimination in those areas is not ? istruzione
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we , too , welcome the commission proposal and the report that mrs prets has produced on behalf of the committee on women ’ s rights and equal opportunities , even though we do find it very much to be regretted that both fall far short of what had been expected , in that such important areas as education , the media and advertising have been left out . istruzione
we recognise that the representation of the sexes in the mass media and advertising raises serious questions regarding the protection of the dignity of men and women and that , in the education sector , girls and boys are often discouraged from following non-traditional paths , but other complicated issues also arise , such as the freedom of means of communication . istruzione
in this regard – and you know what parliament ’ s thinking is – parliament has insisted on having a differentiated legal framework and we also believe that we must promote an entire range of policies in the field of education , culture , vocational training and scientific and technological cooperation . istruzione
in particular , we are talking here about public services , the fields of health , education and water supply – particularly the latter , because this is crucial to many of these countries . istruzione
we did not want to see the clause on education removed but , in our judgment , the ability of the member states to take further steps is a consideration that must weigh more heavily than our position that the eu must not interfere in issues of education . istruzione
following significant misgivings and strong resistance on the part of several interest groups , in particular the media sector , the scope of this directive has been ‘ watered down ’ to only now cover access to , and supply of , goods and services , thus leaving aside other areas such as media and advertising content , education and the decision-making process . istruzione
we need to do more to address the causes of instability which afflict the region – causes which include lack of economic development , under-developed educational opportunities and the need to promote open societies and economies . istruzione
progress in all areas – economics , commerce , education , democracy and civil society – is essential if the conditions for lasting peace and stability across the region are to be achieved . istruzione
the second report was published recently and goes into more depth as regards the lack of education and training , the severe limits in terms of cultural production , technology and research . istruzione
regardless of what they spoke about at that conference – and they were all highly educated , sophisticated women – the issue of palestine was mentioned by every single person . istruite
finally , it stresses the importance of education about environmental issues so that initiatives can be taken for raising public awareness and information . educazione
to achieve this we naturally need investment in research , but also in training and education , and tangible levels of investment to ensure a better environment in the future . istruzione
equally , i look forward to fruitful cooperation on the related dossiers of europass and the mutual recognition of professional qualifications directive , which are aimed at making it easier to have educational qualifications recognised in other member states . studio
economic and monetary policies must be revised , liberalisations must be halted and the stability pact must be reviewed in order to prioritise the social criteria , employment , training , education and research , which are all areas crucial to europe ’ s sustainable development . istruzione
british conservatives reject the european arrest warrant and do not accept that this problem has anything to do with third world poverty , as many terrorists come from wealthy middle-class educated backgrounds . colte
i applaud the rapporteur when she calls on the member states to guarantee access for all women , including young , poor and immigrant women , to safe and legal abortion , emergency contraception , affordable reproductive and sexual health services and sex education . educazione
it must be stipulated in the budgets of the acp countries that a minimum of 35 % of the funds are to go to social welfare , 20 % of which to education and healthcare . istruzione
i also endorse paragraph 10 in the report , in which mr oostlander stands up for the independence and the quality of higher education and scientific institutions in turkey . istruzione
for example , the minister for education is asking for fanatical essays from pupils against other nationalities . istruzione
our basic objection , however , concerns how fundamental rights , such as the right to work , free health care , education , welfare and so on are addressed . istruzione
prevention also requires cooperation between institutions and the member states , dialogue with citizens and information and education of the public . educazione
this finding must lead to a redefinition of the policies to be pursued regarding research , education , healthcare , prevention and social protection . insegnamento
similarly , the provision of support for human capital – in particular in terms of education and training – has the potential to complement our investment in infrastructure . istruzione
our common aims are ambitious : sustainable growth , greater competitiveness through enhanced support for science , research and education , the development of a european union area of freedom , security and justice for our citizens , the assumption of more joint responsibility in the world and the successful integration of the new member states . istruzione
. – mr president , i wish to thank the rapporteur sincerely for having given substantial consideration to the opinion of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
i would also like to say thank you to the commission for emphasising the importance of education , culture and youth in building an expanding europe . istruzione
i am pleased that the report stresses the importance of simplifying the administration of cultural and educational programmes . didattici
eu competitiveness will only improve by promoting entrepreneurship and by investing in research , product development and education and training . istruzione
there has to be investment , particularly in education , training and trainee exchange programmes , so that we will have better educated youth with a more international outlook that can take responsibility for its intellectual and material development in the future . istruzione
indeed , following enlargement and if the financial perspective imposed by the council for the period after 2006 remains in place and even if the financial perspective submitted by the commission is implemented , the funds earmarked for education policy per capita in objective 1 territories will be only 50 % of those applied in the union of fifteen . istruzione
in 2001 the commission shared with parliament the idea of proposing a preparatory action to stimulate and accelerate integration of the use of information and communication technologies in education and training , in developing synergies amongst public and private stakeholders . istruzione
so it is very important that by the end of the year the kurdish language can actually be used in the education system and in the media . scolastico
our having a sound employment policy does not help much as long as those with education and qualifications are not given jobs . istruzione
it affects all sectors of economic policy , of social policy , of education policy , of vocational training , of transparency , of the fight against tax evasion and of undeclared work . istruzione
i share the opinion of the members of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport that , in the current situation , there is a serious danger that interest in this procedure may fall off quickly and may jeopardise its future . istruzione
at the same time , the europass makes big business responsible for evaluating the educational and professional qualifications of the workers , taking this role away from the education system , and helps to decouple qualifications from the right to work . scolastiche
various forms of training and informal types of learning are taking precedence over qualifications acquired through systematic education . istruzione
in this way , the europass is being converted to yet another tool which results in the replacement of substantive , integrated education with ' flexible ' sporadic training and fragmented skills in order to meet the demands of the market . istruzione
without impairing other programmes , we must nevertheless allocate ourselves the resources to match our ambition to ‘ make europe ’ s education and training systems a world quality reference by 2010 ’ . istruzione
. – this proposal has the objective of drawing together into a single framework , to be known as a ‘ europass ’ , various initiatives aimed at ‘ helping ’ workers to set out their competences and experience in a way that employers and education / training providers in other member states may be able to understand . formazione
- a ‘ diploma supplement ’ : attached to a higher education diploma to help third parties to understand the meaning of that diploma ; istruzione
the commission proposes to provide europass national agencies with financial support for 2005 and 2006 ( corresponding to a development phase ) through annual co-financed grants ( of up to 50 % of the total cost ) , after which europass activity should be treated as a horizontal action in the new generation of community programmes for education and training . istruzione
like the rapporteur , i welcome the extension of the europass-training to cover all aspects of education and training . istruzione
i have no objection to the promotion of tools , processes and services associated with the design , development , access and distribution of digital content or to the emphasis on the multilingual aspects of cultural , educational and scientific content . educativi
the report focuses mainly on the following sectors : education and economic activity , participation in democratic institutions , violence against women and sexual exploitation , health and reproductive rights and trafficking in women and children . istruzione
as far as education and the economy are concerned , the acute changes have differentiated to a major degree both the positions and possibilities of different generations of women . istruzione
demographic trends today demonstrate that family life is no longer a primary life objective for women , who are more interested in their economic independence and professional achievement and are therefore investing more time and energy in education . istruzione
apart from neutralising mines , however , they need to pay greater attention to education , research and more general information in connection with the danger and how to prevent it . istruzione
but the world bank , not exactly known for its anti-american pronouncements , has praised cuban healthcare and education . istruzione
compare this to the situation in the so-called promised land , the united states , where access to healthcare is far from universal , where affordable education is of low quality and where many prisons are privatised and outside democratic control . istruzione
this development also includes fundamental aspects of daily life , such as education , culture , sport and health . istruzione
mr president , the olympic charter and its fundamental principles stress that olympism seeks to create a way of life based on the joy found in effort , the educational value of good example and respect for universal fundamental ethical principles . educativo
mr president , commissioner nielson , the lack of respect for ilo ( international labour organisation ) labour rights perpetuates poverty and hampers development by driving wages down and denying education – something that constitutes a violation of human dignity . istruzione
women ’ s human resources , which are relatively plentiful due to women ’ s generally high standard of education , are under-utilised in the economic , social and culturaldevelopment of the region because of discriminatory practices and prejudices . istruzione
the european social model is designed to secure a high level of social protection , education and social dialogue , based on good economic performance . istruzione
the conclusions of the european council in barcelona describe it as a model based on good economic performance , a high level of social protection and education and social dialogue . istruzione
priority must be given to the allocation of funds from the structural funds and the cohesion fund to investments creating new jobs , and to investment in education , science and new technologies . istruzione
finally , we need programmes enabling the young people of the malopolskie and swietokrzyskie voivodships to take full advantage of educational opportunities in the enlarged european union . istruzione
the new members who have shrugged off the former planned economy now need to make enormous investments to modernise the infrastructure of education , science , health care , environmental protection , internal security and legal protection . istruzione
the key to this , however , is education , training , life-long learning and furthermore , research and development . istruzione
this means that certain public services , such as education , health , or culture , would have to escape wholesale privatisation , whilst still being required to enhance their efficiency and keep their costs under control . istruzione
in the work of our committee on citizens ' rights and freedom , the challenge must be to ensure that despite deep-rooted changes we are still able to maintain the rights of over 400 million eu citizens to freedom of movement , a decent education and a decent home . istruzione
i believe , even if this sounds romantic , that the promotion of the idea of the truce in modern times and the education of people in peaceful coexistence would cost far less and would have more permanent results than strengthening the forces of suppression and the use of military means . educazione
we also need to take the lisbon strategy seriously , and then even more seriously ; that much is evident to me from seeing what is going on in some countries as regards investments in education , training , research and development , as well as infrastructure . istruzione
what i would like to see , not only from these countries , but also from the european budget , is more money for education , research , for development , and also for infrastructure . istruzione
it is not acceptable for the commission to keep on defying a vote of this house by attempting to put the liberalisation and eventual privatisation of water , local public transport , health and education on the agenda . istruzione
i would like to ask president prodi whether he believes that the last method he used , taking the communication of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport and giving it directly to the presidency , is the most appropriate , and whether he believes that now , with a much expanded college of commissioners , the communication policy – always in accordance with the guidelines established by the european parliament – should be led by the commission in a more direct fashion , with a view to creating a genuine european spirit . istruzione
it also lays down that the union must promote economic , social and territorial cohesion , as well as solidarity among the member states ; that the union recognises and formally promotes the role of both sides of industry at european level and facilitates their dialogue while fully respecting their autonomy ; and that the union ’ s commercial policy must not hinder the organisation of social , educational and health services . istruzione
you have a disability bill to introduce , a health and education system to sort out , fishermen and women , farmers and many small businesses in great difficulties , and numerous environmental crises . istruzione
since the lisbon agenda is based on both the renewal of the economy and the creation of a truly competitive knowledge society , we have , for the areas within our remit , substantially increased the funds for research , education and training in europe . istruzione
on the subject of education , one of the best days in our mandate was when the millionth university student went to study abroad under the erasmus programme . istruzione
it is essential to take full advantage of the external dimension of european policies on education , training and young people . istruzione
the latest addition to this family is erasmus mundus , a programme of crucial importance that will bring thousands of students from all over the world to our universities and will help to restore europe ’ s role as a world leader in research and higher education . istruzione
whereas we used to talk about investing 3 % of the gdp per member state in research and education , areas where , incidentally , the netherlands has so far been lagging behind badly , you now only talk about the stability pact , economising and holding firm to the deficit of 3 % maximum , without making resources and scope available for holding just as firm to 3 % investment in research and education . istruzione
in our opinion , you are turning back the clock and refusing to create jobs that require brains and to commit to quality , research , education and high-quality public services . istruzione
it has meanwhile transpired that the resources for education for the benefit of the expected knowledge economy are insufficient . istruzione
more than ever , europe needs a strategy for sustainable growth and employment , and for investment in research , in major trans-european networks , in education , in knowledge and in the environment . istruzione
– mr president , on behalf of the independent slovak members of the people ’ s party , the hzds , i can assure mr barroso , that , as realists , we support his development plans , and particularly in science , research and education , a limiting factor , however , in the progress of the european union is the rationalisation of the common agricultural policy , which is a highly challenging area in terms of budget . istruzione
there is an urgent need to change the way we communicate , inform and educate . istruire
we need to do more to increase competition and the internal market , and to make a technological leap forward and increase productivity , we need to invest in education and human resources and to seek clean technologies . istruzione
the speedier application of the anti-grass roots measures ordered by the unifying monopolies ( sweeping privatisations , the destruction of any remaining pay , pension , health , education , welfare , employment rights and so on ) ; and istruzione
for that reason , i am grateful to you for referring to your establishment of a working party to arrange matters efficiently , which should also , however , continue to make it possible for any man or woman in the european union , irrespective of their school or university education , to have the opportunity of being elected to this house and working in it . universitario
i would like to say once again that the european union is deeply concerned about recent developments in belarus , where all indications are that the situation is deteriorating in terms of respect for the rule of law , democracy and human rights , and where we are still seeing how policies relating to independent media – some of which have been closed down – the actions of the government and the forces supporting it with regard to political opposition forces and the situation of independent social organisations and higher education establishments are becoming increasingly difficult . istruzione
one result of this , amongst others , is the abolition of independent education , and the european humanities university has already been mentioned . istruzione
specifically , the european union ’ s tacis programme provides for eur 10 million for 2005-2006 and will focus on supporting that civil society , cooperating in the field of higher education and alleviating the consequences of the chernobyl accident which unfortunately was not so much an accident as a disaster . istruzione
so the commission welcomes efforts to rebuild properly functioning public health , education and administrative systems , but we have no illusions . istruzione
secondly , in the area of rule of law and human rights : training of judges and prosecutors , technical assistance in the establishment of the iraqi special tribunal ; forensic expertise and assistance in exhuming victims from mass graves ; assistance in setting up a national centre for human rights and democracy ; education in the legal field . istruzione
we have focused our assistance this year on three areas : on essential public services – health , education , water and sanitation ; on poverty alleviation and the development of livelihoods ; and on governance and civil society . istruzione
the only things that will help to increase competitiveness and generate sustainable growth are a simple and attractive tax system , deregulated labour markets , and renewal of the social security and education systems . istruzione
it is absurd that , for example , in portugal , expenditure for research and development and education is being cut rather than increased and that greece is being punished – another example of a country exceeding its budget – in connection with those splendid olympic games which we all thoroughly enjoyed . istruzione
i must point out that if we were more relaxed on deficits , interest payments would gradually crowd out other expenditure , such as expenditure on r [ amp ] d and education , which we all want . istruzione
it is absolutely true that we must maintain the austerity pact in order to maintain price stability ; that budgetary austerity serves to free up resources for education , research and development in order to make the lisbon process possible ; and , above all , that it is necessary to meet the implicit , hidden , unbudgeted-for obligations resulting from the ageing of the population . istruzione
the commission is also looking at ways and means to take concrete action against illegal logging , while extending assistance to the burmese population , especially on health and education , via international organisations . scolastico
to mention just a few examples , just think of the european research area , the emphasis placed on innovation in enterprises and on the information society , the new lifelong learning programmes in education and training , and the opening-up of our universities to the world . istruzione
the other ambition was to construct the world ’ s most dynamic knowledge economy , whereas the commission acknowledges a general decline in investment in key areas such as research , education and training . istruzione
greece has taken important initiatives at bilateral level over recent years to fund infrastructure projects in the sectors of health , education and cultural and educational exchanges , in order to build a democratic civil society . istruzione
have their young people become better trained and educated or less so ? istruzione
in the west , we have basic services , such as water , education and care , and we want these to be available elsewhere too . istruzione
i should also like to mention the european year of education through sport , during which we set up an information and warning system for our young people ; in other words , an entire prevention system . educazione
it must address the phenomena that help to create an environment that is conducive to the phenomenon of drug use – the educational background of sports coaches , the role of the medical field and the pressure for success coming from sponsors . formazione
i have effectively been trying to demonstrate , for five years , that the commission is not solely interested in sport as an economic phenomenon , but that sport is , above all , a social activity with educational and ethical aspects . educativo
thirdly , by taking action so that sport is promoted through education and is not cut off from it . istruzione
the european parliament 's committee on culture and education , which i have the honour of chairing , decided at my initiative to organise a massive public hearing in november entitled ' doping – an obstacle to the sporting ideal ' . istruzione
that is why we must educate and prevent , why we must test and deter and why we must do both these things together . istruzione
as a member of parliament 's committee on culture and education , i see sport as an instrument for educating people and i sincerely believe in the values that should be communicated through sport . istruzione
it is clear that doping in amateur sport is a reflection of something very different , which has nothing to do with education or sociability . istruzione
within the capitalist method of production , professional sport is a special case , because it accepts athletes at such young ages that they are prohibited from participating in the rest of production , educationally at least . produttive
european citizens enjoy the sport ’ s positive effects on education , health and social cohesion . istruzione
i suggest we examine the possibilities of initiating a successful international effort in – and i repeat – above all else , material and technical support for education and monitoring . istruzione
mr president , on 29 november the committee on culture and education will hold a hearing of experts on this matter , after which parliament will want to bring forward specific proposals . istruzione
we are in favour , however , of financial support for the eu ’ s future member states , but this must be channelled to neglected regions and directed at education , infrastructure and legal institutions . istruzione
this does not mean picking the winners as we did in the 1970s , which often meant , in fact , sustaining the losers , but a dual policy based on a horizontal view of competitiveness , education , innovation , technology , regional policy and so on , combined with a sound sectoral analysis covering various sectors , so that we know what combination of policies is best for each sector . istruzione
it must invest in education and training , knowledge and technological development , so as to be a genuinely knowledge-based economy that is up to speed with the increasingly tough demands of international competitiveness . istruzione
. – mr president , commissioner schreyer , speaking as rapporteur for the committee on culture and education , i would like to start by stressing that our budget policy over the coming years should reflect our identity as a continent of art , culture and cultural diversity , in which we , as europeans , take such pride . cultura
if , though , we take them seriously , more must in future be made available from the european budget for such investments in the future as research , education and innovation . istruzione
you talk about research , education and innovation ; they are needed in rural areas too . formazione
in my opinion , however , it is not the budget which poses the most serious problem , but rather the planned cuts to the structural funds set aside for retraining programmes , the cuts to the fight against social exclusion , the cuts to education and to support for ngos working in the social sector . istruzione
in its quite unprecedented fashion it can arbitrarily allocate vast amounts of taxpayers ' money towards the establishment of chairs in universities and to bankrolling educational institutions with deeply worrying titles , such as ' the college of europe ' or ' the european university institute ' , and dozens of others . scolastici
for that to happen , we need more entrepreneurial initiative , greater willingness to be innovative , and more investment in research and education . istruzione
in order to become a real knowledge-based economic area capable of keeping up with ever-tougher international competition , europe must play the trump cards it holds in the areas of education , expertise and technical development . istruzione
this task force seeks to promote greater flexibility in education , training and innovation , encourages greater flexibility on the part of workers and companies , and removes disincentives to employment . istruzione
educational exchanges will receive a boost through a scholarship programme in the framework of erasmus mundus . educativi
if we want terrorism to be eradicated one day , we must not just use force , but also intelligence , and if we use our intelligence we will realise that very often the scourge we are facing is led by educated people who find a perfect breeding ground amongst the wretched of the earth . istruita
that is why the european union must promote educational exchange and research institute programmes and immediately implement the scholarship programmes . educativo
with specific reference to the armenian and syrian minorities , the report outlines an update of the situation , which is mainly reflected in the educational systems , schoolbooks and language teaching . istruzione
we must ensure that more economic possibilities are open to women , that they gain greater economic independence and full access to economic resources , to support and assistance and to education . istruzione
it is in education that the gender gap becomes glaringly apparent . istruzione
a reading of unesco ’ s figures reveals that the lack of education is one of the key factors forcing women into poverty . istruzione
similarly , with regard to the lisbon strategy , the policy on competition and the internal market must be amended to guarantee access for all to high-quality public services in education , training , health care , social protection , public transport and housing , and to promote social inclusion and economic cohesion . istruzione
the minimum income is the income that needs to be used as a transitional stage , for reintegrating women into employment , and combined with development policies inside and outside the community , with social insurance and health policies , social welfare policies , housing and child support policies , education and training policies , rural development policies and employment policies . istruzione
in those countries , military spending often far exceeds the health budget or the education budget , and sometimes it even exceeds both put together . istruzione
the humanitarian work of educating doctors to transform health services in developing countries is not a case of talking about solidarity with africa , but acting on solidarity with africa . trasformino
indeed , along with a few other meps , i recently visited cuba , and we were able to witness for ourselves a number of positive developments concerning education , for example , or health care . istruzione
it includes all the policies which directly concern citizens : unemployment , poverty , job insecurity , the standard of education , health and social protection . istruzione
this is also important in order to achieve progress on the fundamental european pact for youth , the lodestones of which are education , training , jobs and research . istruzione
it is not just about elevating the elite in europe , it is also important to look at the broader definition of education for the labour market . istruzione
this is the only way forward and is also why increasing the focus on education is essential . istruzione
yes , we should all be amazed and delighted by the incredible development of your country over these last ten years of democracy , the improvements in living conditions , access to housing , running water , education and health . istruzione
but even as a south african , well educated in the unbridled savagery of human beings towards other human beings , i have wondered at what could have driven the to commit the high crimes that were visited on the people of rwanda . sfrenata
we must have a continuing education campaign throughout the european union to improve the awareness of the ombudsman and indeed the petitions procedure amongst our citizens . informative
let us multiply the links between the european union and ukraine in all possible areas – education , culture , entrepreneurship , trade , investment , to name just a few . istruzione
during the last six months we have made substantial progress ; we have been able more or less to complete negotiations on two of the four spaces , namely on economics , research , education and culture . istruzione
we also , finally , want to extend our cooperation in the field of research , education and culture . istruzione
i therefore believe that the plan drawn up by the commission must also include this holistic approach , and , above all , combine education and possibly also giving meaning to life with the whole field . istruzione
europe spends too little of its development cooperation budget on basic health care , which should be linked to good nutrition , access to clean drinking water and basic education . istruzione
the feminisation of aids is one further form , the ultimate form , of violence against women , and we have not provided them with the resources to defend themselves against the disease , the fundamental resources , such as sexual education , protection of reproductive health rights or information on measures to prevent infection . educazione
the socialist group would like to congratulate the commission on treating education as a priority in its political framework for combating diseases relating to poverty . istruzione
aids is also an expression of a lack of prevention , education , sex education , employment and of inequality in the world . istruzione
we must continue the prevention measures already taken , and it is therefore important that we regard aids as forming part of our health and development policy , our education , family and employment policy and the overall view we take of our responsibilities . istruzione
the reason for this is that millions of people throughout the world do not believe that any benefit can result from the promotion of abortion and contraception and from the provision of sex education to ever-younger children in violation of the rights of parents and without their knowledge or consent . educazione
particularly in the year that will shortly come to an end – the european year of education through sport – we must thoroughly discuss and learn from the knowledge we have gained and the criticisms that have been made . educazione
it is especially important , as we are in the european year of education through sport , to examine the commission ’ s accomplishments in the area of sports culture . educazione
– mr president , commissioner , there is a danger that the way in which sport is developing in the european union will result in the weakening of its educational and social character . educativo
the social and educational character of sport has been emphasised several times and we must promote it as such . educativo
yet even during this , the european year of education through sport , which has seen many successful major events , there have been problem areas , for example with regard to football . educazione
i have to say i have been very impressed by the work of the professional clubs in my own region in the north-west of england in working to combat exclusion , providing education and providing community leadership . istruzione
i also welcome the fact that this question session is being held at the end of the ‘ year of education through sport ’ , as this means that particular emphasis is given to sport ’ s significance in terms of education , society , health policy and the community , even though we are also aware that it is also a significant economic factor , and more than that besides . educazione
with regard to the ‘ year of education through sport ’ , i should like to ask the commission when we can expect a report on the results and conclusions , in order to continue the debate on this year more intensively than merely with regard to one sport . educazione
today we have spent a lot of time discussing the issue of coercion , and i am wondering whether coercion and education are not contradictory terms . educazione
i hope to be there tomorrow for the closing event of the european year of education through sport 2004 . educazione
the educational and social value of sport , and football in particular , is reflected in many positions of the commission and in parliament . educativo
we then came up with the idea of making 2004 the year of education through sport . educazione
the commission ’ s proposal makes it clear that a decision has been made in favour of self-regulation , with much of the responsibility being laid on parents , educators and other end users . insegnanti
in that respect , the emphasis is on providing information to parents and educators . insegnanti
on the basis of my experience in sweden , i am especially pleased that the eu is accepting its responsibility for ensuring that the internet is safer for children and young people and that it will continue to be both entertaining and educational , not only for children and young people but for all who like to surf the net and use its chat rooms . educativa
turkey must , as a matter of urgency , invest in combating illiteracy among women and educating them more effectively , and ngos offering those female victims shelter must be given strong back-up . istruzione
the other area in which i should have liked to have seen stronger wordings is that of education . istruzione
when turkey becomes a member , hundreds of thousands , and perhaps millions , of pretty and young illiterate women will become citizens of an eu in which good education is crucial to a normal standard of living . istruzione
second , turkey already participates in numerous community programmes in a wide range of areas such as culture , drugs , justice and home affairs , education , research and development . istruzione
finally , i wish to express my gratitude to the european parliament , in particular the committee on culture and education , for its efforts to speed up the process especially at this second reading phase . istruzione
first of all , it creates transparency throughout europe for all periods of education and training , for skills acquired in all walks of life . apprendimento
all measures in the field of education policy , such as comenius , erasmus , grundtvig , e-learning , the mutual recognition of diplomas and now the europass , add value to europe by lending it a human dimension . istruzione
this new framework , which guarantees that new documents in the field of information technology , for example , can be incorporated into the europass portfolio in future , is very important , because education is always full of innovations , and the europass will have to accommodate them . apprendimento
european systems of education and specialist training must meet the requirements of the new economy and must be able to interconnect . istruzione
opportunities for education and specialist training must be offered in the different member states and at different stages in the lives of young people , whether unemployed or employed , who are threatened by the fact that rapid technological changes might render their qualifications worthless . NULL
the introduction of the europass will make it easier for workers , students , employers and educational institutions to operate in the european labour and education market . educativi
specific initiatives in the field of education , of course , were already being launched back in the sixties and seventies . negli
the aim was always to enhance the quality and mobility of students and trainees without seeking to harmonise european education policies . istruzione
it goes without saying that we must accompany such measures with instruments and incentives to make cross-border education a feasible option . istruzione
furthermore , active participation in the labour market makes a substantial contribution to a decent standard of living , regional development and social cohesion , although investment in education and research , as well as government action in cases of serious market failure , also have a key role to play . istruzione
now we have a parliament , a government and a civil service with near total power over health , education , justice , home affairs , the environment and many other areas . istruzione
first and foremost , i would urge you to address the future in your programmes , by which i mean concern for the next generation , for young people and education . istruzione
the faster implementation of the lisbon strategy , with increased working hours and times , reduced wages , pensions and unemployment benefits , specialisation in part-time and temporary work , the abolition of collective agreements and privatisation in the health , education and welfare sectors will bring more profit for capital and more poverty and unemployment for workers . istruzione
we could also mention other vulnerable sections of society , such as the many children from disadvantaged , in particular immigrant , backgrounds , who not only face racism and discrimination but also suffer from gaps in their education . formazione
if the basic education system of our countries fails , there will not be sustainable development . istruzione
the link between school and home is no longer viable , despite the fact that for years my country has been the best in the whole world in the field of basic education . istruzione
the result will be a europe of ageing and poorly educated people . istruzione
priority also needs to be given to education , training , innovation and research and technology and equal importance also needs to be attached to upgrading services and infrastructures in the regions of europe . istruzione
we would therefore ask you , mr president of the commission , to table concrete proposals in order to bring pressure to bear on the member states and their regions , so that they can do their share of the work in the areas of education , training , and investments in scientific research , but also in structural reforms . istruzione
i am extremely concerned at the increase in human rights violations and homicides , for example the case of the 12-year-old urud and his father , as well as the new proceedings which have been initiated with the aim of banning the union of education and science workers . educazione
i would remind you of the valiant positions taken up in france on the turkey issue by robert badinter , hubert védrine and the former socialist education minister , claude allègre , all of whom have cautioned us about the disastrous consequences of turkey ’ s possible accession . istruzione
three minutes to give the go-ahead to a country where the state ’ s denial of the armenian genocide is organised by the ministry of education , while nobody in europe utters a word about this . istruzione
we need much more proactive policies to make work pay , and that includes more childcare and more education and training . istruzione
if we are so proud of our cultural values , as has been mentioned in this debate , why do we spend only one per cent of our budget on culture , education , etc . ? istruzione
what is at issue is how we are to extend competition within the fields not only of education and health care but also of other areas of our society so that , in europe , we might obtain the best businesses . istruzione
indeed , common borders and interests combine to create an enlarged area of understanding , given the mutual interest in maintaining permanent dialogue on the fields proposed for the four common spaces , the common economic space ; the common space of freedom , security and justice ; the common space of cooperation in the field of external security ; the common space of research , education and culture . istruzione
bulgaria , assisted by the european commission , must make an even more determined effort to expedite the integration of roma into mainstream society , particularly through educational and employment opportunities , improved living conditions and access to healthcare and family planning . istruzione
we should do all we can to strengthen the position of higher education in romania , to help the country offer jobs , training and workshops to young people . istruzione
campaign 2 , which is especially dear to me , is entitled ' fostering a culture of human rights ' : human rights education , training , monitoring and awareness-raising by targeting advancement of rights of marginalised or vulnerable groups – that means the rights of women and children – including female genital mutilation , trafficking of women , human rights defenders ; torture prevention and rehabilitation of torture victims , programmes of higher education and training for professionals , support for human rights dialogues . istruzione
what we must do is work together and exchange information , streamline resources , carry out research and seek technical solutions that limit the damage as far as possible , but most importantly , we must pursue a policy of investing in prevention and education involving political institutions at community , national , regional and local level and all civil society organisations in a unified , responsible and differentiated partnership . formazione
mr corbett ’ s and mr méndez de vigo ’ s resolution gives a very sound and instructive account of the advantages of the new constitution and is a document that can in actual fact be used in the campaign , since it is written in such an educational way . divulgativo
scotland is not independent yet , but the scottish parliament is already the only body responsible for justice , the environment , education , health and many other areas of scottish life . istruzione
the famous social mainstreaming clause setting out the union 's obligation to ensure that its every policy promotes the objectives of high employment , environmental protection , public health , education and equality between men and women can only be applied under good laws . istruzione
the concept offers education on the european union and , by providing accommodation for the political groups , it ensures that the views of this parliament can be conveyed to the citizens . concepiti
as a member of the committee on culture and education , i particularly support the articles of the constitution that relate to those areas . istruzione
the constitution guarantees freedom for art and science , the right to education and professional training , equal rights for men and women , and the right of the handicapped to be full members of society . istruzione
the social rights are also a priority and are so by a legal decree , the right to education , the right that every citizen can have access to information , protection in the case of an unjust expulsion and the right that the requests for a review in the case of discrimination on the basis of class can be sanctioned , all have been defined and can be implemented . istruzione
this means workers being accepted into civil society and integrated into education , with real inclusion in society . educazione
the countries affected are frequently poor countries , whose development depends to a large extent on the education of such an elite . istruzione
the poverty- reduction approach through eu development cooperation is a sound basis for tackling the problem as it gives priority to equitable growth and to better access to education . istruzione
the commission is currently implementing cooperation programmes at national , subregional and regional levels in the field of education worth about eur 300 million . istruzione
in particular the commission is financing two regional programmes in the field of higher education . istruzione
the alfa programme promotes cooperation between higher education institutions and other relevant organisations in the two regions with a view to human and institutional capacity-building , mobilising the civil society of both the eu and latin america regions as a whole and therefore creating and reinforcing lasting bonds . istruzione
the programme awards scholarships to latin american nationals for education training at master and doctorate levels in institutions in the eu , as well as for higher training for professionals from latin america in organisations in the union . istruzione
at regional and national level , several education projects are being implemented , notably in basic education . istruzione
it is worth noting that the eur 74.6 million programme is dedicated to education in the context of the programme for reconstruction and rehabilitation in central america following hurricane mitch in 1998 . istruzione
in nicaragua the commission is contributing to the improvement of the education sector through budget support totalling eur 62.5 million . istruzione
she has told me what i wanted to know about the commission ’ s support for the education programmes and , in particular , for the instrument i referred to in my question , the summit of iberoamerican heads of state or government , which is made up of the spanish- and portuguese-speaking countries of latin america , as well as spain and portugal . istruzione
however , with regard to projects and money i can give you some examples : the eu 's support for civil society is to be strengthened ; the eu 's tacis programme – which amounts to eur 10 million for belarus in 2005 and 2006 – will focus on support for civil society , independent media – exactly what you wanted us to focus on ; higher education cooperation including exchanges of students and professors ; and alleviation of the consequences of the chernobyl catastrophe . istruzione
i should like to know whether the european commission is aware that these much-needed educational programmes are under the control of the belarussian authorities , and therefore cannot be regarded as true support for the process of democratisation in belarus . istruzione
it is essential that we make the european learning area a reality , step up the research effort , improve our education systems and foster lifelong learning . istruzione
i should like to say one other thing – and this is very important – about education . istruzione
you would be able to get to know those important public services , such as education and health care , that the directive puts in jeopardy . istruzione
new norms have been introduced as regards a high level of employment , the fight against social exclusion and discrimination , the promotion of social justice , social protection , equality between men and women and a high level of education and health , the promotion of sustainable development and respect for services of general interest . istruzione
a reconsidered policy of north-south cooperation should thus be based upon much more ambitious objectives , particularly regarding matters relating to energy , water , health and education , and should affirm and clarify the notion of the global public good . istruzione
the european commission financed the participation of a further 150 short-term observers from the non-eu osce ( organization for security and co-operation in europe ) member states , as well as voter education activities . informazione
in this parliament there is also a committee on employment and social affairs and a committee on culture and education which you must listen to . istruzione
with regard to the committee on culture and education , commissioner , there is a real risk that multilingualism , and quality multilingualism , may be affected by this decision . istruzione
that means that minors aged 14 and over can spend up to four years in what are called ‘ education camps ’ , waiting to be executed , instead of being able to have a proper education and a future to look forward to . istruzione
it is for this reason that this house ’ s resolutions and debates will do little to improve the situation , as even educated people in high-ranking positions mock the sanctity of the human being and the family . istruiti
the amendment does indeed concern the inclusion in the resolution of a reference to the national auschwitz-birkenau museum at oświęcim as a special holocaust education and remembrance centre , along with the holocaust centre in berlin . istruzione
i do not accept that the eu has any competence or responsibility to determine the content of the school curriculum in the united kingdom and i reject the idea of any programme of education seeking to advance the false concept of ‘ european citizenship ’ . istruzione
together with the council , amend the stability pact to make expenditure on education and training count as investment , thereby eliminating it from the calculation of the debt ratio . istruzione
the world bank is including poverty reduction programmes in its plans , and is expressing concern about countries such as tanzania which spend more on debt servicing than either health or education . istruzione
economic growth is the cornerstone of development in developing countries , whether we are dealing with climate change or guaranteeing good education . istruzione
how can we tackle more successfully such issues as education , employment , gender equality , democracy , the free movement of persons , and migration rights ? istruzione
education is one of the most fundamental issues for the future of the region . istruzione
therefore , the european union and our partners should increase spending on education , and i will do what i can with my own services to foster more education projects , at elementary level , at the level of vocational training or at higher , university and university exchange levels . istruzione
we should set a target date for eradicating illiteracy and focus on the critical issue of improving the quality of , and access to , education , especially for girls . istruzione
furthermore , there is the idea , which is already well advanced , of setting up a euro-mediterranean development bank to promote employment , health and education in the countries of the south . istruzione
in amman , the euro-mediterranean parliamentary assembly ’ s committee on economic , financial , social and educational issues attempted to reinforce these signs and give them short- and medium-term objectives aimed at protecting the citizens and development . istruzione
education and training are key elements in creating an industrial workforce . istruzione
for instance , greater political and economic liberalisation and improved education will ensure greater stability in those countries . istruzione
you have been entrusted with an important task , one which i might almost go so far as to describe as democratic education , but also education for peace and dialogue , since this parliamentary assembly brings together those who today are enemies or perhaps were yesterday . educazione
we provide help in the fields of education , health and job creation , and we often work with unrwa . istruzione
we gave eur 320 million to iraq last year , particularly for health , education and basic needs . istruzione
mr president , a debate about europe ’ s commitment to worldwide respect for human rights in a un context would not be complete without it being stated that one in five people , mainly women , still have no access to food , water , health care or basic education . istruzione
the european union is still a long way from meeting its pledge to spend 20 % of the development budget on basic education and basic health care . istruzione
we will be introducing social reforms , reforms in the areas of education and training , and social protection . istruzione
these elections will determine whether moldova ’ s key economic , educational , and social problems will be successfully resolved . educativi
the only way for european enterprise to build sustainable leadership is to exploit the knowledge triangle fully : the creation , transmission and use of knowledge through research , education , training and of course innovation . istruzione
the first and foremost policy priority for the union is thus to strongly support the three sides of the knowledge triangle – research , education and innovation – and to ensure that the triangle operates in the most favourable framework conditions . istruzione
on amendment no 2 : the commission is in agreement with the spirit of this amendment , but it is somewhat misplaced and inappropriate to have such a reference to education and training since this aspect is not within the scope with respect to third countries . istruzione
however , i will be willing to make a declaration before adoption by parliament later on , wherein the commission will declare that appropriate training and educational measures towards fishermen in the countries hit by the tsunami should be encouraged and wherein the commission will state its intention to provide an assessment of the needs , at the request of the third countries , through the expert facility which has been made available for the long-term rehabilitation of the fisheries sector in the affected countries . istruzione
the references to poverty , hunger , environmental pollution , health , education and so on are an insult to the grass-roots classes and millions of people in the third world who are deprived of fundamental human rights as a result of the ( temporary ) imperialist and capitalist dominion . istruzione
developing countries must be encouraged to use funds saved from debt repayments to finance core services such as health and education without which it will be practically impossible to achieve the millennium development goals . istruzione
i should like to highlight the work of these two fora each with its own perspective , in addressing global issues such as the fight against poverty , health , education , trade , agriculture and human rights . istruzione
what are needed are improved living conditions and education , not a civil war aimed at establishing a destructive communist system . istruzione
the european union also stressed that it is important to ensure that the needs of women in post-disaster relief and reconstruction situations are properly understood and are addressed in programmes , and that it is also important to ensure that women have equal access to information on disaster reduction by means of formal and non-formal education , including through gender-sensitive early-warning systems . formazione
efforts in the field of education should continue to prevent a situation where segregation begins at school and is carried through into the world of work . istruzione
therefore it is important for the council for education to set itself the target of increasing the number of graduates of mathematical , scientific , and technical subjects by 15 % by 2010 and of reducing the imbalance between men and women . istruzione
the birth rate , on the other hand , goes down when the social position of women improves , when they receive an education and information on birth control , and when they have their own means of earning a livelihood . istruite
what i would like to emphasise today is that we need to remain faithful to the global nature of this platform , by which i mean to the monitoring of the twelve crucial sectors which interact : efforts on employment , education , health , combating violence and participation in political life are directly connected . istruzione
violence perpetrated against women , and the relative lack of participation by them in the labour market , in education and in politics , are still major areas of concern in which change is possible only if women acquire the right to be able to speak out and to demonstrate . istruzione
the intention to provide justice , an extended education , culture and equality are everyday acts , not just the subject of international women 's day . istruzione
i think we have an obligation to keep both men and boys better informed and educated if we want the differences between men and women to be respected . educare
certain members are recommending a little more gentle education for the hezbollah delinquents , but the fact is that we are about to vote on a resolution which coincides with the appeal of the 140 syrian intellectuals to president assad , and with that made by a further 33 intellectuals on 25 february to their lebanese counterparts . pedagogia
only complete multilingualism will guarantee that every eu citizen can stand as a candidate for , and furthermore get elected to , the european parliament , regardless of nationality and cultural and educational background . istruzione
you can select according to age , education , length , hair colour and such like . istruzione
their statistics are now on the internet and you just have to click in order to select them for their race , the colour of their eyes and their level of education . istruzione
in key areas , from productivity to research and education spending , early school-leavers or poverty , we have barely made an impression on closing the gaps that existed five years ago . istruzione
when a better educated , wealthier , more assertive public has developed ethical concerns and a higher sensitivity to risk , and when companies value intangible assets like corporate reputation , there is a demand for active and responsible government . istruita
that means not only creating secure jobs , but also sharing out the created wealth more fairly , through social policies designed to ensure human rights , better pensions and retirement provision , quality public services in health , education , research and vocational training , social security and protection , housing and family support , paying particular attention to promoting equal rights for women and taking account of suitable environmental policies . istruzione
the mid-term review of the lisbon strategy will have to result in the concentration of resources on the priority objectives , that is , investment in education , training , research and infrastructures . istruzione
the lisbon strategy must not be about competing for the biggest returns , but rather competing for highly skilled jobs , excellence in education and training , product quality , high environmental standards and a high level of consumer protection . istruzione
at the heart of the lisbon strategy , alongside social cohesion , growth , and employment , is education , which underpins everything else . istruzione
there is a need for more investment in education , science and research , although this needs to go hand in hand with reforms in response to the changes in technology and society . istruzione
what that means in practical terms is that we need , among other things , learning that accompanies life rather than learning that is lifelong – that has the ring of punishment about it – along with the promotion of mobility in employment , science and research , cross-border educational opportunities , the recognition of degrees – for many of them are not yet accepted everywhere – and access to education for all . istruzione
in other words , there must be no cutbacks in education , no tuition fees , no depriving universities of resources , and no reduction in teaching hours , particularly in the natural sciences , for it is they that foster creativity and are therefore necessary both for the development of the individual , whether personal or professional . istruzione
without providing permanent education to the potential workers , we cannot put the unemployed , whether they be women , minorities or the disabled , in jobs . istruzione
a knowledge-based economy requires a high level of education , as the text states , but it makes no mention of the fact that a high level of education has to be based on schooling that is also high quality right from a child ’ s first years at school . istruzione
as basic and secondary education in most countries is known to have a number of failings , it is a pity that the recommendation does not call on the member states to examine this aspect and to seek an urgent solution to it . NULL
fourthly , we need to support measures designed to improve education and life-long learning . istruzione
equality in the field of education has given women more opportunities in employment and vocational advancement , if , of course , they do not have children or put off having children until later . istruzione
many of you , mr rasmussen in particular , have stressed the importance of human capital , education , research and innovation , and i will also add , as mr graça moura said , culture . istruzione
in europe , there is too little investment in the education and research that will enable it to become the competitive knowledge economy we desperately aspire to be . istruzione
it is true that the best way to fight poverty is to increase economic competitiveness and job creation , but this must be tightly linked to social cohesion , education , research and development , and protection of the environment . istruzione
a closer link between educational courses and scientific careers is a precondition for us to have the numbers of researchers needed for the success of the lisbon strategy . scolastici
secondly , accreditation standards for higher education institutions ought to be implemented according to the guidelines adopted in berlin in 2003 . universitari
as well as aiming to stop the decline in biodiversity in europe , natura 2000 creates and sustains jobs , supports agriculture , forestry and rural development and provides tourism and educational opportunities . istruzione
in addition , equal access to good education and good health care is important to everyone . istruzione
womens ' freedom will only be guaranteed if there is a proper programme of education extending to both sexes and vigorously pursued . educazione
we therefore propose that a directive should be issued prohibiting the practice of female sexual mutilation , that steps should be taken to provide proper education on the problem , and , in particular , to provide support to immigrants from countries in which these customs are tolerated and even considered legitimate . educazione
he recently stated that belarus ought not to send young people to be educated and study in the west , because anything they learnt there would be of no use back in their home country , especially in view of the political situation in belarus . bielorussi
the european parliament has remembered the political prisoners and the disappeared in belarus , the closed-down newspapers and educational establishments , whilst emphasising that freedom is indivisible and that freedom does not require a visa from mr lukaschenko . istruzione
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , today 's oral question and the related motion for a resolution by the committee on culture and education on combating doping in sport follows on from extended efforts by the european parliament . istruzione
· how does it intend , especially in cooperation with the member states , to point out these dangers through education , given that raising awareness among young people , who are the most vulnerable group , starts at school ? istruzione
in this difficult task , we thank the european parliament for its continued support , and in particular its committee on culture and education , which has been following this issue very closely . istruzione
around half of these projects concerned research , the other half information and education . istruzione
at the hearing , mr figeľ underlined that , provided that appropriate funding could be made available , action could be envisaged in three fields : research , information and education . istruzione
the first point mr figeľ mentioned referred to actions in the field of education . istruzione
we are currently examining the possibility of integrating doping-related issues into the commission ’ s activities in the field of education . istruzione
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the initiative by the european parliament , as expressed in the motion for a resolution on doping by the committee on culture and education , is an important step forward and a direct plea to all the jointly responsible agencies to combat this phenomenon in a more substantive and effective manner . istruzione
the european commission must step up its cooperation with the competent organisations and support a mechanism for combating the problem , which will include the necessary research , proper information , education and the promotion of clean sport , with the objective of protecting public health and defending athletic ideals . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , according to the committee on culture and education the athens olympics demonstrated that doping in sport is a genuine threat . istruzione
the eu constitution refers to sport both as an important educational tool and as a means of fostering social cohesion and a healthy lifestyle . educativo
worldwide , the battle against doping is being waged at three levels : 1 ) prevention , information and education ; 2 ) testing prior to , during and after competitions using the latest methods science has to offer ; 3 ) imposing severe penalties or sanctions strong enough to act as a deterrent . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , the european union has , on many occasions – in resolutions and council conclusions , in the helsinki report on sport , in the report by the committee on culture and education , in hearings and so on – made reference to the problem of doping ; it has both demanded and taken various courses of action . istruzione
. – mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this oral question by the committee on culture and education and the following motion for a resolution on the draft unesco convention on cultural diversity are the outcome of the acute interest which our committee has in the progress of negotiations on this important text . istruzione
both texts had called on the commission to inform parliament regularly , and in particular the committee on culture and education , of the negotiations taking place in unesco . istruzione
the opinion of this house , and of the committee on culture and education , is that another way forward must be found , one that commits parliament , the european institutions and each member state to seeking different priorities , different policies and different instruments . istruzione
various exponents of the committee on culture and education , including those who hardly ever participate in its work , use projects such as this one for debates on internal policy that have very little to do with the fact that culture is not a commodity or a market . cultura
sport should be seen not as a highly profitable money-making scheme for the benefit of a few , but as an educational , cultural and social activity that plays a key role in every aspect of a person ’ s physical , psychological and social makeup . educativa
among other measures , an educational and preventative policy must be introduced intended to encourage the healthy physical exercise of playing sport , starting during childhood and continuing throughout a person ’ s life . educazione
traditionally the majority muslim population has lived peacefully with other religious minorities , and bangladesh has a good record on education and civil rights for women . istruzione
that is why we are calling for the granting of immediate emergency aid , which will guarantee satisfactory distribution of food and of the food distribution teams needed , without overlooking the need for proper shelter and education . istruzione
we must show immediate and practical solidarity with these people in terms of food , health care and education , and must ensure that such support is maintained in the future . istruzione
i also feel it must be made very clear that in the interests of protecting groundwater , preventive and educational measures should be taken to make the population aware of the facts relating to water pollution , and to provide information on methods of protection and their implementation . educative
mr president , groundwater can be polluted in a great many ways and the man in the street is unaware of most of them , hence the importance of measures concerning education and prevention . informazione
work exceeding 48 hours per week can worsen the conditions of employees in all sectors even more , in particular those working in the service sector , creating not only physical , but also moral discomfort , and causing undesirable effects for families and the education of children . educazione
the film industry must not be looked upon as an exclusively economic activity , because competitiveness has a negative effect and may dilute cinema ’ s cultural and educational elements . educativi
i agree with the rapporteur that the cultural heritage of european cinema must be preserved , ‘ encouraging policies of innovation , research and technological development in the field of conservation and restoration of cinematographic works ’ , but with a cultural and educational end , rejecting competitiveness as a principal factor . educativo
the commission has kept parliament regularly informed on the development of the communication strategy , which was also discussed at the last meeting of the interinstitutional group on information and in the committee on culture and education during the discussion on the herrero-tejedor report . istruzione
what we are trying to help ensure is that there is access to information , as well as educational material if needed , for journalists too so that they can learn , for example , how the european institutions operate . informativo
but that could also mean social infrastructure , such as education , health and , possibly , some missing links in the transeuropean networks . istruzione
national autonomy means that each government decides on the minimum standards of education and training required for access to the individual professions and also establishes who shall authorise and control the practice of the professions . cultura
the professional needs to show that he or she has the adequate level of education . istruzione
we have to focus attention on the quality of the education received , and not merely the length of time taken , when we are determining the levels of professional qualifications . istruzione
the recognition of professional qualifications in another eu country cannot be allowed to hang on a matter of a few months if the education systems and quality of education are otherwise equivalent . istruzione
as a result of adjustments introduced by the committee on internal market and consumer protection , five reference levels have been established , corresponding to a certain level of education and enabling comparisons between qualification requirements of individual member states ; they are welcome by such professional associations as the chamber of civil engineers and the chamber of architects . istruzione
the european strategy , which is founded upon the secure supply of food and education , repatriation and the building-up of administrative and governmental capacities , whilst also planning demobilisation , disarmament and the training of security forces , is surely the right way to stabilise the situation in the long term . istruzione
in africa , for example , the world bank has been involved in the priority initiative on education . istruzione
the commission does not want to have any part in this , though , because the national strategy documents for that area provide for roads and infrastructure and not for education . istruzione
in addition , it is important for the european union to invest more in education and economic cooperation , because it is too crazy for words that the lion ’ s share of foreign investments in education are currently being made by fundamentalist islamic groupings . istruzione
it is a challenge for europe to invest more in kyrgyzstan , particularly in the areas of education and economic cooperation . istruzione
education systems vary from one member state to another , and , in practical terms , it is thus difficult mutually to recognise all professional qualifications . NULL
the system for recognising qualifications will have to adapt to changes that may occur in the world of work or in education systems , in accordance with the ultraliberal philosophy that drives the european institutions . istruzione
that is why i would argue in favour of a european working times standard to further redistribute the work and better reconcile work , family , care and education . istruzione
i do not see this as propaganda , but as political education and information – in the best sense of the word – focussing on european political integration and on europe ’ s understanding of itself . educazione
i therefore welcome the proposal that member states include in their education programmes a familiarisation with european institutions , since no information can be effective if we do not have appropriate prior knowledge of a given topic . scolastici
as it is in schools that people are enlightened , and that knowledge is extended and deepened , the education ministers must make it their business to create a permanent place in the timetable for the european union and its institutions . istruzione
i sit on the committee on culture and education , which , through its rapporteur , will of course dutifully produce a report for us all to vote on . istruzione
it is , as has already been said , of the utmost importance that we give our attention to journalists and to education . istruzione
minority language education is threatened by the local authorities . insegnamento
particularly now , 60 years after our liberation from fascism and national socialism , we still remember well how the state used the traditional forms of oppression to discriminate against minorities , including the banning of political opposition , attacks on the media through the intimidation of journalists , putting at a disadvantage all who did not speak the official language , outlawing mother-tongue education , the courts ’ unwillingness to act against such injustices , and so on . istruzione
this plan allows us to cooperate in the field of minority rights , that is , to promote the use of minority languages , preservation of cultures , the publication of textbooks , to encourage exchange programmes , scientific and scholarship schemes , and to foster an independent media and education in the mother tongue . istruzione
journalists are murdered , there are not enough schools , it is impossible to receive an education and anyone who speaks out in favour of the finno-ugric population is persecuted . istruzione
the point of our resolution is to call on the russian authorities to respect their obligations under international law and ' to provide quality education in one 's native language on all levels , thus securing that the mari language and russian are placed on the same footing throughout the republic . ' istruzione
the mari language is excluded from the public sphere , education and the media and mari activists are harassed , assaulted and forced to leave mari el . scuole
the mari people find it difficult to receive education in their own language , as mari schools have been closed and there are not enough schools or universities . istruzione
it was at that summit that the european union and russia reached agreement on the terms of a strategic partnership enabling us to improve cooperation in the four common spaces : the economic space and the spaces of freedom , security and justice , of external security and , finally , of research , education and culture . istruzione
the space of research , education and culture is an important space where the people of russia and europe can meet and forge closer links , because we have a common cultural and historical heritage . NULL
finally , let me underline the importance of our agreement on research , education and culture . istruzione
it is important that this summit has brought concrete results , laying a foundation on which internal and external security may be established , economic cooperation guaranteed , and joint projects in research , education and culture facilitated . istruzione
at this point , i should like to comment on paragraphs 24 and 25 of the report and on paragraph 3 of the opinion of the committee on culture and education , where it says that collaboration between the council of europe and the agency should assume an institutional form . istruzione
the gap between the salaries of equally qualified men and women is still huge , violence is continuing to increase , gender discrimination in terms of access to education , training and employment persists and it is still just as difficult for a woman to reconcile work and family life . istruzione
consumer education , therefore , is more effective than rules , so that consumers can exercise their freedom of choice on the basis of reliable criteria . NULL
fourthly , training and education : improving all types of education and supporting professional training , which must cease to be the poor relation of university education , lifelong learning , new technologies and the promotion of entrepreneurial spirit , languages and exchange programmes between teachers and students . istruzione
the realisation of a knowledge society , based upon human capital , education , research and innovation policies , is necessary to boost our growth potential and to prepare for the future . istruzione
education and training systems must therefore meet the needs of the economy . istruzione
knowledge accumulated through investment in research and development , innovation and education is a key driver of long-run growth . istruzione
yet the draft budget for 2007-2013 presented by the luxembourg presidency involves drastic cuts to spending on science , research , education and transport . istruzione
education and training schemes must be constantly adapted and updated in line with market needs , which evolve and change in a continual and dynamic way . NULL
in addition , the vvd cannot see the point of promoting a model for european education and training . istruzione
fourthly , serious consideration needs to be given to the education system in the countryside , and to the provision of agricultural advice . istruzione
basic medical care must also be available in these areas , as well as access to cultural and recreational facilities and high-quality education , to reiterate a point i made earlier . istruzione
it is particularly important that we do not neglect the education of young people . istruzione
however , modern times demand educated farmers , who will know how to get their products into the market economy and will be familiar with legislation , as well as being innovative and environmentally aware . istruiti
prevention also involves educating people to the danger of certain statements , and requires us to convey the importance of democracy as regards tolerant debate and respect for the opinions of others . insito
employment remains a major priority for us all , as do education and vocational training . istruzione
there are currently insufficient funds available for many regions , educational exchanges , including for senior secondary vocational training , knowledge and employment , promotion funds for national plans to create new jobs in regions threatened with delocalisation , vital rural and nature management , border control , security in europe and the fight against global poverty , which brings me to development cooperation . culturali
today , one in five people have no access to basic education and health care . istruzione
that is why – and we shall return to this point – we sought to accentuate a number of priorities , especially in the field of rural development and also in the domains of education and culture . istruzione
. mr president , i would like to start by extending , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , warm thanks to our rapporteur mr böge , who has had the courage to set out unambiguous priorities in his draft report , one – and an explicit one – being in the sphere of education and training , which are key factors in growth , social integration and competitiveness . istruzione
nor has he limited himself to sounding off on the subject , for he has added almost a billion euros to this draft budget for the great educational programmes erasmus and leonardo and for youth exchanges . istruzione
regrettable though this is in view of the frequent invocation of the soul of europe , i would like , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , to ask the house to back these proposals tomorrow with a large majority . istruzione
now that the council has , in the referenda , been sent a clear signal from the public , i call upon it to get its priorities right by accepting what parliament has proposed through its rapporteur and , in the european budget , taking public participation particularly seriously , as well as education and culture . istruzione
the group of the greens has therefore tabled an alternative resolution , because we want to invest heavily in education , in poverty-reduction projects and in exchange programmes , also for students . istruzione
it is full employment and sustainable economic development that should instead be the strategic goals , and that means allocating additional financial resources to innovation , social needs and education in particular . istruzione
i believe that our educational programmes , despite the boost that they have already given us , have not taken us as far as we have to go in terms of the lisbon strategy ; over the coming years , by means of the financial perspective , we must do everything possible to ensure that every schoolboy , every schoolgirl and every student can gain an education and study in another european country . NULL
the report also recognises , and rightly so , that education and training should be prioritised in the funding proposed and i believe that the allocation of resources to the development of human capital is vital for long-term investment in the union ’ s future . istruzione
to improve employment levels and boost economic growth , the purpose within the financial frameworks is to invest particularly in research and development , and education and training . istruzione
speaking as commissioner for education , i must say that all our mobility programmes , our activities in the field of education , culture and vocational training strongly promote a language component . istruzione
the pact aims to improve the education , training , mobility , vocational integration and social inclusion of young europeans , whilst facilitating the reconciliation of family life and working life . istruzione
the guidelines call , , for action to reduce youth unemployment and to increase access to education and training . istruzione
part of the answer on support is that we would like to use many opportunities in different strands or areas of eu policies – in social policy or strategy , in rural development , in research and of course in education programmes and training and mobility . istruzione
the rights of faith schools could be curtailed on the basis of paragraph 22 if they were obliged to employ homosexual persons and include homosexuality in their sex education curricula . educazione
the rights of faith schools could be curtailed on the basis of paragraph 22 if they were obliged to employ homosexual persons and include homosexuality in their sex education curricula . educazione
these include , between now and 2010 , limiting to six months the deadline for offering employment to young unemployed persons , reducing the school dropout rate to 10 % and increasing the number of 22-year-olds having completed secondary education to 85 % . studi
i must , however , ask whether the turkish supreme court ’ s judgment of 25 may is not cause for alarm , since it takes away children ’ s self-evident right to be educated in their own mother tongue and to develop against their own cultural background . educati
you have responded positively by saying that the council is concerned and that it is monitoring the issue of turkey and the right of children to be educated in their mother tongue , but i would like to ask you whether you are going to do more than simply monitor this issue . educati
thirdly , does the council agree with me that , rather than seeking centralised solutions through tax systems that treat people as less than adult , it would be better for us to educate children , young people , adults and senior citizens about the dangers of alcohol in general ? informare
if we may still make a contribution , simply by way of clarification , we suggest , in one of our amendments , both including education expenditure alongside research expenditure among the relevant factors that might justify an increase in the deficit , and making explicit mention of expenditure for the stability of the world ’ s ecological balance among the union ’ s objectives . istruzione
they denounce the commercialisation of health and education and the cutbacks in the remaining public utilities and their privatisation . istruzione
for many instruments of industrial policy , they depend in part on the outcome of the negotiations on the financial perspectives ; they also depend on our ability to make use of the instruments we already have , such as competition policy , education , the allocation of state aids or commercial policy . istruzione
we are in favour of the european union giving priority to mutually linked processes such as research , education and the elimination of administrative barriers , which present particular obstacles to small and medium-sized enterprises in exploiting the opportunities offered by the eu . istruzione
there is therefore a need for education and training systems that reflect the needs of the labour market , and for the idea of life-long learning to gain public acceptance . istruzione
it places particular emphasis on the close links between the provision of education and training opportunities and improved prospects for the disadvantaged citizens accessing them . istruzione
he is right to flag the need for better education and right to raise the importance of increased funding by central government in this regard . educativo
exclusion is generally associated with inadequate education and training , and so these need to be improved , while , at the same , disadvantaged sections of the population need to be included . istruzione
ladies and gentlemen , under a new social and political model , the fight against unemployment and for social inclusion also entail improving the quality of education and lifelong vocational training . istruzione
other important aspects of this debate are the notion that access to housing is a factor in social inclusion , and the need for effective support for bringing young people with degrees or other high-level qualifications into the labour market , in order to derive maximum benefit from the qualifications that they have acquired in the education system . studio
education and vocational training systems that function effectively are further factors that boost growth . istruzione
the number of people leaving education and vocational training early must be restricted , and it must be made easier to move from school to work , especially for those leaving school with low qualifications . istruzione
access to education must be improved for disadvantaged groups , and we must provide across-the-board support for life-long learning . necessario
a high-quality education system is one that is able to adapt effectively to conditions in a rapidly-changing labour market . istruzione
the problem , when the council reduced the ambition of proposal by the commission and parliament , and when the council decided to follow the ‘ one per cent club ’ , was that the areas that were particularly sacrificed were precisely those of competitiveness , growth , education , innovation and research . istruzione
this includes – and i do not advocate the approach of prime minister blair , although i would like to draw attention to a certain position of his which seems to me relevant to our deliberation over this future – whether from the aspect of the lisbon objectives it is right for us to allocate almost half of the union ’ s entire budget to agriculture , while we are so effortlessly willing to cut financing for the fundamental measures and instruments of the lisbon strategy : science , education and technology . istruzione
therefore our chief task is to invest in people , in people ’ s education ; that is our future . istruzione
the war on poverty focuses on material necessities but it also involves access to online services , whether these be educational , health-related , administrative or commercial . istruzione
in the field that concerns me in particular , the cultural field , the report has incorporated the suggestions of this parliament 's committee on culture and education : it states that the information society must be open to everybody and education , training and digital literacy are priority fields in terms of creating an inclusive information society which helps to overcome digital fragmentation and guarantees access to basic technologies under equal conditions , and also helps the citizens to participate in political decision-making , with a view to strengthening democracy , though always moving in the direction laid down istruzione
access to the internet , special attention to ict and education all over the world , on-line government and truly participatory democracy are crucial . istruzione
it is therefore extremely important that we invest in the development of the information society , and at the same time in education for the use of modern technology even in the earliest stages of school education . istruzione
for this reason , in addition to development , society must ensure the possibility of education for all strata of the population and for all age groups . istruzione
while building this information society , we must focus not only on the obvious tasks of promoting and constructing basic infrastructure , but also and above all , on education . istruzione
by this i mean firstly primary education , in order to ensure that no one feels scared of technological progress , and secondly education on media content , which would allow young people to take a critical and creative approach to all forms of media . istruzione
i cannot overstate the importance of that , particularly because we want those computer scientists to develop the tools , products , services and new ideas that will help their communities , whether it is in health , education or other forms of local service provision , particularly over a very widespread area and one where communications are very light . istruzione
the kok report of 2004 shows the way : investment in knowledge ; in skills ; in active labour market policies ; in science parks and innovation ; in higher education ; in urban regeneration ; and in help for small businesses . istruzione
the need to inform and educate people about these threats is a major problem . educare
since 2003 we in the commission have been working on health , education , basic needs , sanitation and water , and also on creating jobs , because what is most important is that people themselves are able to feed their families . istruzione
it is because iraq will know peace and a resolution of its problems only if these things come from within itself that we should rather give our support to the restoration of education , the reconstruction of the economy and the fight against rampant corruption . istruzione
we also have to refocus on the social services , such as education , health and sanitation . istruzione
at the current pace , it will take sub-saharan africa more than 100 years to meet the targets for primary education or reducing infant mortality . istruzione
after all , what can globalisation mean for people who have no access to water , for young people who have no access to education , for children who are dying from diseases that we could treat . istruzione
they must also encourage and support a watchful civil society that guarantees fair and balanced redistribution of wealth and other services , such as , for example , access to justice , administration , health and education . istruzione
for example , for some time now there have been discussions in parliament concerning increasing spending on development and education . educazione
emergency aid will still sometimes be necessary , but , if we want to establish stable societies , we must , in our dealings with poor countries , concentrate on promoting good governance , building up capacity and economic empowerment , particularly of small and medium-sized enterprises , as well as a sound social infrastructure , good education and health care . educativo
and now you must recognise that the dogmatic liberalisation of trade , the plans for structural adjustment , the excessive privatisation and , of course , the broken promises have only served to worsen a situation that was already very difficult to the detriment of education and health policies in particular . istruzione
thirdly , five of the eight millennium goals concern two of the most important conditions for development , namely basic education and health care . istruzione
although we should be using 35 % of the funds the eu has set aside for this purpose , with 20 % devoted to basic education and basic health care , the shameful reality is that we spend only 9 % . istruzione
firstly , we must declare water , education , health and food to be global public goods . istruzione
we should be working towards the sort of public life in which freedom of opinion is at the top of the agenda , and these countries need to make the conscious choice to invest in education . istruzione
the political and social leaders of the countries suffering from poverty must demand much more , particularly in the field of strengthening civil society — strengthening their societies , transparency and good government , thereby increasing investments in health , education and gender policies . istruzione
our most pressing tasks , above all where africa is concerned , are currently debt cancellation , improving the quantity and quality of foreign aid , fair trade , support for diversified production and exports , stamping out diseases for which we have effective vaccines and measures to promote universal education and equality , particularly in terms of the status of women . istruzione
aid will only be effective if it is combined with systematic efforts to develop trade and if it focuses on the creation of infrastructures in education and health care . istruzione
we look to our governments to provide us with peace and security , to educate our children , to look after us when we are sick , to give us the opportunity to build a living for ourselves and our families . istruiscano
the provision of social policies following the emergence of a dynamic civil society , the provision of social policies of access to justice , access to education , access to health and also to culture – as i said before – is an important point . istruzione
cancelling their debt will not eliminate the problem of development aid , which the international community will have to provide , or the extremely urgent health resources that they need ; it will not exempt us from association agreements with their governments or from fostering education and training programmes to integrate them into complex social , economic and political systems ; choosing democratic forms of government , and having a future . istruzione
the political class should manage globalisation processes through choices that equate to guaranteeing them water , energy , food , health , freedom and education . istruzione
they are used to promote capitalist restructurings which strike at the wage and social rights of the workers and at health , welfare and education , and to make sweeping changes in the rural economy and other sectors . istruzione
i call on all other member states to look urgently to emulating them and , in doing so , to raise enough funds to provide basic housing , healthcare , sanitation and education for all those living on less than one euro a day . istruzione
discussion between the european union and china is now rightly on a broad range of topics , including regional security , human rights , environment , education , migration , climate change and transportation . istruzione
the decision is especially disappointing after the case had twice been dismissed by the turkish labour court , which had noted that mother-tongue education is permitted under european law . insegnamento
the continent needs a step change in development , financing , health , education , governance and the capacity to trade in global markets and programmes for dealing with killer diseases and building african peacekeeping capacity . istruzione
it is also of great educational importance in terms of teaching how to govern and manage the environment . pedagogica
over 50 of them , from six european countries , took part in a workshop at a college of higher education in my electoral district in which they acted out their own ‘ european parliament ’ , the object being to make the eu more attractive to the public . formazione
they articulate the view that eu information material must come across to the public in their day-to-day lives and the environments in which they live , and they believe it necessary that the eu should cooperate across the board with institutions involved in school education at national level in fostering cultural , historical and political awareness . scolastiche
the next item is the report ( a6-0202 / 2005 ) by mr weber , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on the application of articles 4 and 5 of directive 89 / 552 / eec ‘ television without frontiers ’ , as amended by directive 97 / 36 / ec , for the period 2001-2002 [ 2004 / 2236 ( ini ) ] . istruzione
that is why , together with my colleagues , i call for the legal basis chosen to be one that allows this text to be overseen by the committee on culture and education . istruzione
– mr president , television has been a catalytic medium for many years now , informing , educating and entertaining european citizens . catalitico
the report by mr weber , who has worked methodically and has received congratulations on a job well done by the entire committee on culture and education , also extends to other important matters , such as safeguarding pluralism and the major issue for many countries of concentration of the media . istruzione
the best way of facing up to this competition is by investing in education , research and innovation and by making it easier for companies to act in the global market . istruzione
this is how the figures add up : 21 million less for businesses ; 33 million less for transport ; 279 million less for research ; 131 million less for information ; 20 million less for education and culture and 8 million less for freedom , security and justice . istruzione
we believe that , in order to make europe truly fit for the future , we have to focus on quite specific target areas : research , education , youth , cultural interchange in an enlarged europe , the environment and renewable energies – and i have recent events in new orleans in mind when i say that . istruzione
one in five people worldwide have no access to basic education or basic health care , and the chasm is growing every day despite all the pledges by heads of government . istruzione
at least 35 % of the budget should be spent on these , at least 20 % of which should go to basic education and basic health care . istruzione
within the various geographical budget lines , we have set aside 20 % for those two sectors , and we will not hand this over to the commission until they have shown us specific plans for basic education and basic health care in those regions . istruzione
in 2003 , only 2.3 % of the development budget was spent on education and 5.2 % on health care . istruzione
mr böge ’ s report serves to show parliament the way to go about this , with investment in education , research and youth , and consistent application of gender budgeting – from which , however , we are light-years away ! formazione
that is why we also have to engage in education and training for journalists , for example . istruzione
they are better educated and better informed , and they want to be involved and to feel that they can influence matters . colti
on the other hand , we need to train , to educate , to develop critical faculties , to fight against blindness when there are human beings prepared to self-destruct , to kill themselves even when , for example , they have just created life as was the case for one of the london terrorists ; we understand that we absolutely must act from the top . educare
it has to be fought by every means , politically , diplomatically , financially , through the engagement of the communities from which terrorists draw their support , through sensible media coverage and through the education of public opinion . educazione
we need to understand islam ; we need educational , social , and political action on that . educativa
education syllabuses must include internet education programmes aimed at children , but also for adults and parents , and information campaigns must be set up to alert the general public to the dangers posed by internet use . NULL
this report proposes a range of measures relating to education and the training of teachers and trainers , codes of conduct and information on illegal or suspicious activities on the network . istruzione
the amendments by the committee on culture and education do not differ substantially in any way from the foregoing . istruzione
our partnership can help achieve a step change in regional development and indeed modernisation , through action on good governance , economic reform and education . istruzione
to conclude , mr president , i should like to thank all of those people who contributed towards this report with their amendments and their votes in committee , including , of course , members of the committee on regional development , culture and education . istruzione
. mr president , parliament ’ s motion for a resolution on new prospects and new challenges for sustainable european tourism aroused a great deal of interest among the members of the committee on culture and education . istruzione
it supported the development of agrotourism , particularly in the new member states , and the education of younger generations in the fields of nature , culture , science and active leisure . educazione
educational programmes must be put in place with a view to protecting the natural environment and historical heritage , and new initiatives are needed to promote sustainable tourism . NULL
i refer to cooperation and coordination on the conditions of entry of third-country nationals , cooperation on the flow of tourists in the high season , in order to overcome the imbalance between areas which are literally drowning and others which are seeking to attract tourists , on the promotion of tourist programmes such as the ' ulysses ' programme , on educational exchanges and mobility , so that we have certification of professional qualifications and , also , on the structured projection of europe as a tourist destination with diversity and , of course , on the budget line educative
in silicon valley , for example , highly-skilled software engineers educated either in the united states or in india were able to gain experience in the united states and then either stay and continue to develop commercial contacts between the united states and india or return to india and establish businesses , which in turn do business with developed countries such as the united states . qualificati
the second action plan relates to five areas deemed essential to the northern countries : the economic side of trade and infrastructure , the development of human resources – education , culture , research and health – the environment and nuclear safety , cross-border cooperation and , finally , justice and home affairs . istruzione
these two ideas guarantee full participation by all the parties in implementing the action plan , the parties concerned being , in particular , the partner states , the regional organisations , the regional and local authorities , the educational establishments and research institutes and , finally , civil society , not forgetting the eu itself . istruzione
tourism is also a factor in democracy and political stability because tourists with no intention of being bound by any all-inclusivepackage see a country open up before them ; because tourism is enriching and is educational in a way that , as everyone knows , undermines dictatorship ; because tourism can establish ethical rules , particularly regarding child labour ; and because the idea of fair tourism , which in fact constitutes a form of dissuasion , is beginning to make itself felt in our part of the world . istruzione
finally , tourism is an educational factor because it makes people learn languages and in that way opens people ’ s minds . istruzione
we can understand the need for european schools designed to provide mother-tongue education to the children of eu officials . istruzione
we believe that a more flexible solution needs to be found when it comes to the education of eu officials ’ children . istruzione
. since 1957 , europe has set up special schools intended to educate the children of the staff of the european communities together while accepting a very limited number of external pupils . istituire
children of eu officials deserve a quality education in their mother tongue and the existence of the schools helps the institutions in the recruitment and retention of suitable qualified personnel . istruzione
the concept of multilingual and multinational education implemented in these schools could serve as a model for member states ’ educational systems . istruzione
there are no recommendations either concerning the education of children with special needs . istruzione
the establishment of the external borders agency in warsaw should offer just such an opportunity , because education must be provided for the children of the officials employed there . istruzione
we in the european parliament must continue to press consistently for 35 % of development aid to be spent on health and education . istruzione
i also had in mind educational programmes for children and young people concerning , for example , the issue of reproductive health , sex education and hygiene . istruzione
i will not conceal the fact that i am increasingly tempted to propose a progressive plan to you shortly in order systematically to increase the proportion of our budgets devoted to education and health care , either in the tenth edf , or in the forthcoming budget , since this issue has still not been resolved . istruzione
in actual fact , i increasingly believe that education and health care are of the utmost importance . istruzione
even though we must , of course , urgently respond to a series of difficulties and harness the resources to do this , we must reflect seriously on a real – i would say almost systematic – strategy in the areas of education and health care . istruzione
the health systems in developing countries are permanently in trouble : repaying and servicing the debt take up roughly 40 % of gdp , while the resources allocated to education and health remain pitifully low . istruzione
children spend their whole education in portakabins . scolastico
i call on the commission , within the framework of the new strategy on multilingualism , to monitor the effective application of directive 77 / 486 / εec of 25 july 1977 on the education of the children of migrant workers ... formazione
the second big idea is to promote the competitiveness of the outermost regions , which will be achieved not only in terms of the extent to which we reduce the significant extra costs inherent in being an outermost region , but also by means of decisive action on dynamic elements such as competitiveness , education , training , innovation , research , the information society and entrepreneurship . istruzione
as i see it , the coherent , harmonious development of all the eu countries , the regions and the cities , largely depends on this , and i want to express my strong support for the idea that a region ’ s state of development should be assessed by reference to more than just its gdp ; other territorial indicators – educational , scientific , cultural and sporting provision , for example , as well as the incidence of unemployment or the state of the infrastructure – need to be included , for viewing the region as a whole educativi
all its citizens have the right to education for their children , job security , a healthy life , healthcare , recreation and everything that urban residents can enjoy . istruzione
the large kurdish community in the south-east still has no prospects of education , administration and media in their own language , of normal representation in the national parliament or of regional self-government . istruzione
in order to set out appropriately the eu ’ s action in this area , and the level of intervention in each region , the report calls for the creation of new territorial criteria and indicators , alongside gdp , for measuring development in a particular region and for assessing the obstacles hindering that development , namely specific territorial constraints , a remoteness and accessibility index , infrastructure and transport provision , the amount of research , innovation , education and training and the level of diversification of productivity in the area . istruzione
at the same time , however , we should appeal to these regions to spend the funds wisely – on education and infrastructure , in particular – so that the taxes paid by our fellow european citizens are put to legitimate use . istruzione
unicef justifiably earned the respect of countries and agencies everywhere for its programmes of oral rehydration , breastfeeding promotion , and primary education . istruzione
but let us be honest , the textile industry in europe is one of the lowest paid too and the more educated our workforce becomes , the less inclined they are to take up the sewing machine . istruiti
therefore the commission 's lisbon strategy , the strategy of growth , jobs and competitiveness set out last february , rests on three pillars : opening markets to drive productivity and innovation ; investing in education and research to enable us to compete ; and reforming labour markets and welfare states to get people into jobs , improve employability and skills and extend opportunities to those whom economic developments are leaving behind . istruzione
we must invest much more in education . istruzione
reducing extreme poverty and child mortality , providing education and access to clean water and enhancing gender equality must remain at the centre of the development agenda and it is most unfortunate that there is no precise timetable committing all developed countries to the pursuit of the intermediate and final mdg targets ; istruzione
the ‘ millennium development goals ’ are referred to , yet no mention is made of progress in implementing those goals , such as reducing hunger , poverty and child mortality , guaranteeing access to water , health , education , and promoting equality . istruzione
accordingly , in the short term , drivers ’ behaviour should improve with the implementation of legislation , monitoring campaigns , training and education . istruzione
i think this is something that could be expanded upon , throughout europe , because schools offer a unique opportunity to educate this very venerable road user group . educare
something needs to be done both in the educational system and about the composition of the police and judiciary , however , if the situation is to improve . istruzione
this shows that there is an urgent need for the authorities to take measures in the field of education , as recommended by the european parliament . istruzione
on a very excluding special needs education system ? istruzione
cities have many other roles to play too , however , and i should like to mention education and the promotion of culture in particular . istruzione
. although parliament ’ s report improves upon the text submitted by the commission , we are opposed to some of the underlying concepts on the development of higher education . istruzione
in this way , economic criteria would prevail and certain ‘ qualities ’ would be accorded value , leading to further difficulties for those who already have them – as well as overlooking the national and public dimension of higher education – and exacerbate the trend towards the elitism and merchandising of higher education in europe . istruzione
. the quality of higher education is and will always be one of the eu ’ s priorities . istruzione
many member states have already made progress in this regard , but much hard work lies ahead if we are to succeed in developing the european higher education area . istruzione
. – claims about safeguarding standards and improving education through evaluation are an insult which is being hurled directly against any previous standards of higher education . istruzione
it is a basic tool for the privatisation and commercialisation of education and research and aims to create two-speed institutions , with centres of ' excellent ' and second-class institutions . istruzione
the register of public and private evaluation organisations and companies is nothing but a concentrating mechanism of the εu , which will determine and control the adaptation of higher education to the interests of the monopolies . istruzione
the outcome will be the further subjugation of education and research to the needs of the market and their conversion to ' products ' provided by university ' businesses ' , in a bid to increase their customer base , especially from an international student elite . istruzione
. the quality of higher education in europe is a key element in our growth and development strategies on the world stage . istruzione
against this backdrop , this is a most interesting proposal , which adopts practical measures to achieve a european higher education system that is more effective , more transparent and more attractive to students and scientists . istruzione
. i voted in favour of the bono report on education as the cornerstone of the lisbon process , for the following reasons . istruzione
firstly , in order to achieve the objectives laid down in the lisbon strategy , aimed at establishing a knowledge-based society , the member states must make a clear commitment to lifelong education and training and in so doing help to create jobs in europe . istruzione
secondly , this report highlights the need to place greater emphasis on education in european policy , by promoting reduced bureaucracy and mobility , by means of the mutual recognition of qualifications and through universal and non-discriminatory access to europe ’ s universities . istruzione
- the failure of the european project in its attempts at achieving the highest standards of education and the failure of the education system in various countries ; istruzione
- the productivity crisis in the current economic and social fabric , which is reflected in employment and in inappropriate performance-related pressure in the education system . didattico
it also stresses the need for the eu to ‘ guarantee sufficient methods of funding for the new integrated action programme in the field of lifelong education and training ’ and emphasises the need to ensure that the european social fund can continue to be available after 2006 in all member states . istruzione
nevertheless , it promotes the neoliberal route , as laid down in the lisbon agenda , with all of the detrimental consequences that that entails , not least for vocational education and training . istruzione
we completely agree with the decision of 7 november 2000 by the eu committee of the swedish parliament , commenting on the issue of increased eu coordination within the education field . istruzione
the committee adopted a wording to the effect that care must be taken to ensure that the member states ’ exclusive responsibility for the organisation of education and for the content of education systems is fully respected . istruzione
the following day , the eu ’ s education ministers met and adopted , among other things , the appendix from the eu committee of the swedish parliament , presented by sweden ’ s then education minister . istruzione
the only solution is to support education and lifelong learning . istruzione
i supported mr bono ’ s report stressing the importance of education not only at a young age , but also throughout life . istruzione
in the new financial climate , it will be necessary to negotiate the highest possible budget for education and for supporting the mobility of students , trainees , teachers and researchers . istruzione
mr president , the main thing to be said in response to the portas report is that it is only those who speak the language of their new host country who stand a chance of getting an education , protecting their own interests and being integrated into its society . istruzione
mr president , first of all , europe should not meddle in the member states ’ internal educational matters . istruzione
if there is one area in which the subsidiarity principle should apply in full , it is education policy . istruzione
it is the member states that have exclusive responsibility for the organisation of education and for the content of education systems . istruzione
nevertheless , on the issue of education , the active integration of immigrants and their children is of immediate concern . istruzione
the report raises the issue of education for circus children . istruzione
it is imperative that an adequate and non discriminatory education is provided to all children of travelling communities regardless of the member state in which they temporarily reside . istruzione
special needs children were regularly denied appropriate education and therapy , and you left public housing lists to grow and grow . istruzione
for that reason , too , i am not particularly happy about the section in the draft report headed ‘ reflections on developments in the ombudsman 's role ’ in which there is reference to the present time when ‘ a debate is in progress on the failure on the part of european institutions and national governments to educate the peoples of the union , following the twin referendum failures in france and the netherlands on the european constitutional treaty ’ , and more of the same besides . pedagogico
what is at issue here , surely , is not so much a failure to educate as the question of how we can improve the community ’ s communications and policies . pedagogico
a report is in preparation on the issue of funding for the european schools to enable children with special needs to be catered for , in the same way that all children attending european schools are catered for , free of charge with compulsory education . istruzione
unless the commission brings forward a detailed analysis of the money required in order to enable the schools to do their job properly , either in providing the special needs education within the schools or providing that education outside of those schools , then we are failing as a union , and , indeed , as an employer of the parents of these children . istruzione
one of my special reports to this body this year had to do with the special education needs of severely disabled children . educative
in the vote , we have therefore chosen to support those amendments that accord priority to research , development and education . istruzione
the payments for education programmes are also increased , by 35 million euros for socrates , 20 million euros for leonardo da vinci and 3 million euros for e-learning , which i fully support . istruzione
while unemployment and poverty are increasing exponentially and there are huge requirements for public health , education and so on , capital is being transferred to communications policy in order to camouflage the imperialist and anti-grass roots nature of the eu . istruzione
furthermore , the sahrawi people must be provided with decent living conditions ; all those in refugee camps require substantial aid in the form of food , healthcare and education . istruzione
we should safeguard , especially for children , access to education and employment and to humane living conditions in which our governments do not intervene to punish but to assist development . istruzione
in lithuania , the education of a student costs on average eur 7 000 and of a medical student as much as eur 26 000 and of a pilot eur 60 000 . NULL
if everyone is to be in a position to cope successfully with global competition , the fact is that more and better education is needed , together with an active labour market policy . istruzione
universal access to high quality public services , in areas such as water supply , health , education and housing , is of fundamental importance . istruzione
one of the most important aspects of the social aspect of globalisation is education , because no matter how many trade issues you deal with or how many preferential trade deals you give to developing countries , the people in those countries will never be able to climb out of the pit of poverty to which so many of them are consigned unless they are given proper access to education and healthcare and an understanding of how systems operate . istruzione
let us cut through the tangled growth of repetitious verbiage , irrelevant matter and high-flown ideological posturing ; what the own-initiative report called for was in fact perfectly clear , namely extensive investment in human capital , improvements in countries ’ educational systems , the promotion of professional expertise – which is more urgently needed than ever – and the creation of high-quality jobs in line with the lisbon strategy . istruzione
it rightly emphasises that the entire spectrum of education in developing countries is the basic means for creating quality jobs which will safeguard a better life for people in their country of birth , because another issue , apart from poverty , child labour and overworking by women , is the concern being expressed about the brain drain from developing countries , especially in the health professions . istruzione
it is for that reason that i welcome the resolution from the committee on industry , research and energy and very much hope that we will , in future , be able to develop cooperation between it and the committee for culture and education . istruzione
our objective must be television programmes which will highlight in a qualitative manner the educational , cultural and informative mission of television . educativa
we saw an agreement on areas where people want europe to lead : science and innovation , higher education , energy , border management and immigration . istruzione
we educate them and then let them go to america , because they have too few opportunities in europe . istruiamo
it is a very good thing that the highest priority is given to the lisbon agenda ; a consistent policy aimed at education , research and growth will create more jobs and thereby make the eu competitive . istruzione
we believe that european universities should be at the top of the global rankings in terms of research , education and innovation . istruzione
as far as the education of future generations is concerned , the european education programmes erasmus , socrates and leonardo enable thousands of young people to study abroad . istruzione
in addition , the framework programmes for eu-funded research make it possible to fund key projects at eu level , particularly in the fields of employment , education , vocational training and innovation , and these projects will pave the way for further measures . istruzione
these people , soldiers and civilians alike , among whom are a great many italians , have breathed life into thousands of projects to develop infrastructure in the fields of agriculture , transport , education and culture . educazione
there are a great number of issues at stake for this partnership : the democratic stabilisation of the country ; the creation of a real , and no longer formal , rule of law ; respect for fundamental freedoms and minority rights , and yet also the transition from a wartime to a peacetime economy and from a state-controlled to a market economy ; the allocation of oil resources to diversification promoting agriculture , industry and services ; and , finally , the reconstruction of the education and health care systems destroyed by so many years of authoritarian rule , pianificata
in order to sustain the momentum for promoting long-term growth and employment , the commission proposes to give new impetus to research and development and to present ways of reorganising the education systems in europe and universities . istruzione
mr blair claimed it debated the things the public wanted it to debate , but the public does not want european policies for universities when the eu has no competence in education . istruzione
the european union needs to harmonise research and development , to significantly increase expenditures on education , to liberalise services and put in place a common european energy policy , and it needs all of these at the same time . istruzione
china received the european union ’ s special representative on education in 2003 , the un working group on arbitrary detention in 2004 and we very much hope that china will receive the un special rapporteur on torture this year . istruzione
in those unstable countries , we should not call for aid to be granted via the governments , but for aid via social organisations , which must specifically involve religious communities , as these reach out to many people , after all , and can benefit health , education and other basic provisions . scolastici
let us not forget either the launch of a new european union programme for action to confront hiv / aids , tuberculosis and malaria ; the emphasis placed on higher education alongside the efforts being made in basic education , and the increase in budget support . scolarizzazione
we need to guarantee access to irreproachable information and education on sexual and reproductive health , make training women a priority so as to make it easier for them to make decisions on issues of sexuality and reproductive health , and thus offer them the means and methods necessary to protect themselves from hiv infection . istruzione
ever since , it has been a familiar refrain in the eu , which has been accompanied by efforts undertaken , since the year of africa , by the world ’ s developed countries to address the same questions , namely decolonisation , immigration to europe , the need to build and maintain infrastructure , to build wells , to introduce irrigation , education , efficient farming based on agricultural production , to reduce nomadic pastoralism and to implement the forest planting plan as a key factor in the fight against the increasing desertification of the sahel . istruzione
in addition to such measures , the resolution before us builds on experience gained in other less-developed parts of the world by promoting the development of micro-loans based on the empowerment of women , the further development of education and health in conjunction with the un and , as soon as possible , the achievement of the target of 0.7 % of gni earmarked by all developed countries for development aid to the world ’ s poorest countries ; and this is something that we believe to be appropriate . istruzione
africa , the region which concentrates the highest number of people living below the poverty line , the worst kinds of transmissible diseases , infant and maternal mortality and a lack of education and health structures , represents the principal challenge to achieving the millennium development goals . educazione
in addition , we discuss the importance of health and education issues , which we have been pushing for many years in parliament , as well as increased efforts to combat the hiv epidemic . istruzione
another crucial feature of this resolution is that it highlights the key importance of education . istruzione
it is a simple fact that development will be impossible without access to education , and without gender equality in the field of education , though of course not only in this field . istruzione
by taking account of the suggestions made by the members of the committee on development and managing to incorporate them into his text , the rapporteur has united a very large majority in support of his approach , affirming , for example , the desire that the joint statement should stress questions of education and health . istruzione
it is right , then , that we should concentrate our efforts on investment in food safety , education , health and social security . istruzione
more and more , too , they are denied access to food , health , culture and education , and so we need a development policy that addresses these tasks ; the aim of producing a document expressing the consensus of the three institutions of the european union is one that i can only welcome . ponga
they seek both to delete the reference to reproductive rights and to highlight the fundamental goals , which include adequate food , clean water , better sanitary conditions and education . istruzione
human rights are completely lost sight of , access to education has become a privilege reserved for a tiny sector of society and freedom of expression is non-existent to the point where foreign journalists are put in prison . istruzione
we want health , education and audiovisual services to be clearly excluded from the talks , and we do not want public services such as water and energy to be dismantled or weakened in the gats negotiations . educativi
five , health , education , culture , audiovisual services , water and all public services must be expressly excluded from any trade agreement . istruzione
services of general interest must be protected against further liberalisation ; vital services such as water supply , health and education , in particular , must be excluded from international trade agreements . istruzione
there is no pressure to open sectors such as education , health or water , although , in the case of water , i think many would benefit from such an advance . istruzione
their children receive no education and suffer from malnutrition . istruzione
- the oral question to the council by nikolaos sifunakis , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on the olympic truce ( o-0084 / 2005 – b6-0335 / 2005 ) , istruzione
. – madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the european parliament committee on culture and education , the committee responsible for young people and sport , i particularly welcome today 's debate in plenary on the recent motion for a resolution by the committee on culture on the olympic truce , in the run-up to the winter olympic and paralympic games in turin next february . istruzione
the european parliament and , in particular , the committee on culture and education , as during the previous olympic and paralympic games in athens , is expressing its support today for the idea of the olympic truce and is calling on the council to take specific measures so that it will be adhered to during the games in turin . istruzione
it is the longest lasting condition for peace in the history of mankind and it is an exceptionally valuable tool for diplomacy , offering a vitally important opportunity for the peaceful settlement of crises through dialogue and education . istruzione
sport brings people of different races , classes , levels of education and cultures together . istruzione
interesting examples can also be found , for example , in the area of education and health care and also in the prevention of hiv / aids . istruzione
in addition , the troika of education and sports ministers stressed , during the launch of the european year of education through sport on 29 january 2004 , the importance of the olympic truce and its message of peace , tolerance and friendship , its unique place in the lives of citizens and its positive role in the promotion of friendship and the breaking down of social and cultural barriers . 2004
the council considers , however , that measures and events related to sports can be a great help in promoting education , health , social cohesion , and in combating discrimination and ensuring an inclusive society . istruzione
the council would also like to note that the educational values of sport were acknowledged by the nice european council of december 2000 . educativo
this acknowledgement confirmed previous declarations – in particular that attached to the amsterdam treaty – which emphasised the social significance of sport and its role in forging identity and bringing people together , and the council 's resolution of 17 december 1999 , in which sporting activities were shown to have educational value , which can help strengthen civil society . educativo
although education and health did not feature in the 2000 dps , the revised european consensus on development policy highlighted human development as an area for community action . NULL
we support country efforts that use sport as an entry point to community education on better health and hiv prevention . educazione
sport and physical education should mainly be considered in the context of millennium development goal two to achieve universal primary education by 2015 and millennium development goal three to eliminate gender disparity in all levels of education , no later than 2015 . educazione
for the second millennium development goal , the first priority for the eu in education for development is basic education , in particular primary education . istruzione
the eu is firmly committed towards achieving universal primary education and gender equality in education by 2015 . istruzione
firstly , through international institutions , the eu supports actively the un initiatives ' education for all ' and the ' fast-track initiative ' , in partnership with other donors – unesco and the world bank – as well as unicef in this field . istruzione
secondly , through interventions at country level , increasingly linked to national education programmes and based on funding and policy dialogue with national authorities . istruzione
thirdly , through supporting ngos for projects oriented towards basic education . istruzione
the eu also supports non-formal education of young people in the framework of the youth programme . istruzione
one of the key priorities in policy terms in promoting gender equality is granting access for girls and women to education , including physical education . istruzione
many eu member states support girls ' education programmes , such as unicef 's accelerated girls ' education strategy . istruzione
in this context , the council welcomes and strongly supports the resolution adopted by the un general assembly at its 60th session in september 2005 , which emphasises the role of both formal and informal education in the achievement of poverty eradication and other millennium development goals . istruzione
the council reaffirms the commitment to support developing country efforts to ensure that all children have access to completely free and compulsory primary education of good quality , to eliminate gender inequality and imbalance and to renew efforts to improve girls ' education . istruzione
lastly , it sets out the commitment to promote education for peace and human development . educazione
minister pearson described many reasons why sport , education and social development are so important in our policies in the union , but also vis-à-vis third countries and with regard to our developing goals , especially the millennium goals . pearson
sport and physical education can contribute to attaining the millennium development goals . educazione
we also welcome the proclamation of 2005 as the international year of sport and physical education . educazione
as you have mentioned already , this year was preceded by the european year of education through sport 2004 , which was a very important year for our area of cooperation . educazione
to conclude , i would like to say that there is a strong and growing engagement in parliament and the committee on culture and education in the sports area . istruzione
as we approach the end of 2005 , of the international year of sport and physical education , it is important that we take stock in order to evaluate what we have achieved at european and international level . educazione
the committee on development chose to carry out this review from the point of view of the contribution of sport to the promotion of education , health , development and peace . istruzione
at the same time , in the sector of development , support through continuing training programmes of physical education instructors and sports journalists may have positive results on combating racism and xenophobia and in safeguarding equal opportunities for both sexes . educazione
i applaud the fact that games and sport in education will be linked up to developing countries . educazione
sport can play a vital role in encouraging development and sports projects can contribute to reaching the millennium development goals , especially under themes such as health , education , gender , environment , peace and human rights . istruzione
accordingly , a few european constitutions – such as the greek , portuguese or swiss – directly grant the right to physical education and sport . educazione
if the right to sport is granted by constitution , then the responsibility of the state in respect of sport , as well as its participation in and support of physical education and sport are unquestionable . educazione
this is reflected in the fact that the un and the european union dedicated last year and this year to sport and education through sport . educazione
much has been said about the economic and tourism benefits that the olympics will bring to turin , but not as much – or at any rate too little – about the social dimension and the role sport can play in promoting development , health , education and peace , as has been mentioned in this house . istruzione
sport is a means of educating people and of setting up low-cost , high-impact projects , which should be vigorously supported and promoted . istruire
it is indeed an ideal tool to achieve a great deal in education and in a social context . istruzione
nor is there any cause for it to set up programmes aimed at increasing physical education teachers ’ knowledge and experience of development and sport . educazione
all of them , be it agriculture , healthcare , education , or defence , must fulfil their respective tasks in case of pandemic . istruzione
by voting in favour of amendment 3 , we are not deleting the part of the sentence in paragraph 13 that states that an exception in the field of services must be made of the health care , education and audiovisual sectors . educativi
by voting in favour of amendment 3 , therefore , we are clearly saying that a distinction must be made between commercial and public services and that public services such as water , sanitation and energy must be neither dismantled nor weakened , and we stand by the fact that the education , health care and audiovisual sectors must also be made an exception of . educativi
what is needed , therefore , is a different international order , which , on the basis of mutually beneficial cooperation , meets the needs of every community ; ensures that people can enjoy their most fundamental rights to food , health , housing , education , culture and leisure ; leads to each state achieving its full potential , with its sovereignty respected ; and ensures that environmental protection is promoted . istruzione
these action plans shall contain the member states ’ planned measures to achieve the targets , which might well include projects to renovate buildings , the promotion of energy-efficient equipment or of energy audits , car-free days and major educational and information campaigns . educazione
these characteristics vary from country to country and depend on a number of factors , such as traditions , education and historical experience .  
the children of poor families are , on average , less likely to reach a high level of education . istruzione
people with a poor level of education are less likely to achieve a high social standing or to have a well-paid career . istruzione
under such conditions , their children ’ s education is mortgaged right from the start .  
continuous information , education , cooperation with civil organisations and european citizens are important . importante
we had asked for the budget lines for growth , competitiveness , education , research , small and medium-sized enterprises , and youth , environmental and cultural policies to be prioritised , and we have achieved renegotiated sums for a good half-dozen codecided programmes and the allocation of eur 100 million in additional resources . istruzione
i am equally glad that we have been able , through our codecision on the programme , to do more for young people and for education , for that too is all about the ability to shape policy . istruzione
bringing secondary school pupils to this institution for all-expenses-paid visits , during which they will be given disingenuous one-sided briefings about the wonders of the european union , is a crude brainwashing exercise , as is the flooding of educational establishments with equally one-sided literature . istruzione
this house , though , is patient and takes its time , for we do have a few things in the field of education policy that we want to hammer out with the council . istruzione
it is also the european union ’ s duty to take charge of education . istruzione
the eu welcomes tunisia ’ s record of promoting reform in the arab world , notably on the position of women and the right to education . istruzione
as tunisia came under this spotlight , we became acutely aware of the imbalance that exists there between the treatment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and the undeniable progress that tunisia has been making in the fields of economic and social development , education and training and equality between men and women . istruzione
we welcome tunisia ’ s record of promoting economic and social reform , notably on the position of women and the right to education , but we need to continue to work with tunisia on a number of human rights issues and see progress made , particularly in the areas of the right to expression and association . istruzione
to avoid any misunderstanding , i will now speak in english six months ago , mr alexander , we all applauded when the president-in-office of the council set out his vision for reform , including great investment in research , education and the hi-tech future for our union , and you repeated it today . istruzione
whatever my share of this prize , all of it is going towards education . istruzione
as a result of this sakharov prize , i have started a trust fund to invest in education , because i think that is the way forward . istruzione
a further important issue is the provision of mother-tongue university education for ethnic minority citizens , particularly in view of the fact that the situation of the more than 1.5 million indigenous hungarians , of the hungarian community , is not satisfactory in this respect . istruzione
notable and undeniable improvements have been achieved in the areas of freedom , communications , the media , education , and human rights for the country ’ s ethnic minorities , without forgetting the significant results achieved in the economic field . istruzione
in your report you called on the commission to promote more vocational training and education specifically geared to the activities of women working in the sector . istruzione
the measures aimed at the diversification of economic activities , as well as education and professional training , will be of particular benefit for women in fisheries-dependent areas . istruzione
aware of the important work done by women in the fisheries sector , the commission should promote the education and training of young people in these activities so that they can take over this work in the future . istruzione
not only the european fisheries fund but also the structural funds and other programmes , such as femmes and leader , can become tools for special actions , in parallel to educational development and the development of professional skills , the development of adaptability , research programmes into the impact of restructuring in the fishing and farming industries , innovation in production and the promotion of consumption with environmental awareness and respect for biodiversity . istruzione
the european fisheries fund will also provide for educational and social needs in the fisheries sector , with particular emphasis on women . formative
– the fact that the commission is to conduct a ‘ strategic information and education campaign ’ to prepare consumers for the introduction of the euro in the new member states ; educativa
once again we are here , this time to seek to highlight the ‘ patriotic education ’ campaign conducted in tibetan monasteries . educazione
public education began as a tool of repression in 1996 in china , but it has escalated since 2005 . istruzione
we need to know in particular what happened to the young tibetan monk ngawang jangchub , who died in october during a ‘ patriotic education ’ session . educazione
his death resulted from his interrogation by cadres of the campaign for so-called ‘ patriotic education ’ . educazione
the chinese authorities are currently implementing a policy of ‘ patriotic education ’ , and forcing tibetans to sign declarations in which they reject the dalai lama as their spiritual leader and acknowledge that tibet is part of china . educazione
these extraordinary ‘ patriotic education ’ sessions have already resulted in the death of one monk in unknown circumstances and the arrest of five others . educazione
however , as a member of the committee on culture and education , i would like to take this opportunity to appeal to austria , the country currently holding the presidency of the eu , to amend its laws on the admission of foreign students , including those from slovakia , to austrian universities and to repeal the ‘ numerus clausus ’ provision in favour of the principle of equal opportunity . istruzione
there is no single reading and exercise book for all schools throughout the eu ; with the support of the austrian ministry of education , science and culture , the austrian journalists wolfgang böhm and otmar lahodynsky have written one that could , with only a few amendments , be used in all the eu member states . istruzione
the claims that the polish language has a negative influence on the children ’ s education , but such assumptions are racist . educazione
poland has already experienced a german education system claiming to be superior to all others at earlier stages of its history . istruzione
we must invest not only in information and education , but also in improving the legal position of homosexuals . istruzione
i agree that we must campaign and educate , but that in itself is not enough . educazione
combating homophobia is an educational task , and it is intended that 2007 should be the year against discrimination . educativo
the report makes reference to a number of these latter , including poverty , unemployment , social exclusion , lack of education , corruption and violence . istruzione
together with what is known as ‘ sex education ’ , it arouses urges before the attainment of mental and physical maturity , which is a prerequisite for control of one ’ s own actions . educazione
to this end , education is fundamental and in this regard the information and communication technologies offer some extremely positive opportunities . istruzione
to close , i would highlight the reference in the report to the need for action with less costly means but of fundamental importance for the future of the civilised world , by which i mean educational programmes which will be capable of teaching boys and girls self-respect and , consequently , respect for their fellow human beings , so that they do not become either perpetrators or victims . educativi
the so-called liberalisation of services – the bolkenstein directive – which is being promoted through the wto , will open up pandora 's box and the way for the full commercialisation of commodities such as water , health , education , transport and information , in a bid to increase the profits of the monopolies . istruzione
here in europe , we see a whole generation completing their school education without having learned the fundamentals of the social market economy and world trade , and that is why they are easy prey for campaigns of misinformation and untruths . istruzione
as the victims are too ashamed or afraid to testify and half the trafficked women and children who return home end up back in circulation , the perpetrators generally get away scot-free and so the sort of preventive action that is needed involves educating potential victims at as early a stage as possible and the fostering of popular awareness of the problem . impuniti
the most vulnerable groups should be focused on , first by improving education and employment opportunities , fighting the problem of the feminisation of poverty , discrimination and inequality . istruzione
indeed , while the causes have been identified : poverty , social exclusion , unemployment , the lack of border controls allowing the development of underground networks of all kinds of organised crime , violence against women , education , the explosion of pornography or the disappearance of moral reference points , the solutions proposed in this report are very vague , general and incomplete . istruzione
the commission will propose new initiatives in the fields of research and education , preparing the establishment of a european institute of technology and furthering work on the mutual comparability and recognition of qualifications . istruzione
the european union , of course , is not responsible for education , but it can disseminate good practice . istruzione
i long for a presidency that will finally get together with the commission to examine the education system in europe and conclude , as did the neo-liberal oecd , that the german and austrian systems are the pits , because they simply do not guarantee equality . istruzione
we say yes to education and must therefore say no to a 40 % cut in that part of the budget . istruzione
this growth strategy has shown that if we boost growth as a combination of reforms and guided demand on intelligent investment in education , in active labour market policy , in child care , in research , in small and medium-sized firms , then we can do it . istruzione
it may also prove instrumental in helping to meet the expectations of eu citizens in areas such as education , job creation , labour flexibility and cohesion policy . istruzione
i am going to point out a heading that i would like to see receive a bit of extra money : citizenship , youth , education and culture . istruzione
secondly , given the principle of subsidiarity , there are items in the european budget that should receive far less funding , if any at all : external policy , education , social affairs , employment , culture and health care . istruzione
consequently , the commission is devoid of resources for funding citizenship policies – for example youth , education , research and culture – the globalisation adjustment fund and the union ’ s external commitments , such as peace missions and measures to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . istruzione
– the inclusion or otherwise of environmental education as a subject on the curricula of primary schools in the member states ; educazione
our programme will help support the much-needed rehabilitation of the health and education sectors and assist in job-creation and income-generation activities . istruzione
that is what we in the commission are trying to do currently with our tacis programme in three areas : health , education – especially job-creation – and income-generation . istruzione
how can these countries fight dictatorship and be competitive in the market economy when some of their people do not even have access to drinking water , social services , healthcare and basic education ? istruzione
but we are also working for higher education and for training , if you bear in mind the closure of the university in minsk and our work in vilnius . istruzione
the commission is preparing an initiative to further entrepreneurship education in europe . formazione
progress in promoting smes has been achieved in the new member states , mainly in : education for entrepreneurship , better regulation and skills shortages . educazione
the need to tackle the disparities between men and women in employment or education and , in particular , the pay gap and its causes must be at the centre of our concerns . istruzione
it is important , however , that we tackle all the factors behind these discrepancies , such as the predominance of women in lower paid sectors , the persistence of stereotypes , especially in education and training , or , as you clearly point out , the difficulty of reconciling professional and private life . insegnamento
we must make clear , furthermore , that alongside these better childcare objectives we also need to fight against the massive discrimination to which women are still subject despite having a higher educational attainment than men ; we see this repeatedly with the wide pay gap in the european union in particular . istruzione
the development of a knowledge-based society makes high demands on the educational level of the labour force . istruzione
girls are outperforming boys at school and more women than men participate in adult education and training . istruzione
we must make better use of this potential and there must be a lifelong approach to ensuring gender equality from education through to career development and adequate pensions for women . istruzione
thus , you are putting the entire burden on the family , the problem of children and of health and of education and , at the same time , you are putting these sectors in the hands of crude traders , of dealers who buy and sell , and leading the working classes into an impasse . educazione
additionally , it is necessary to ensure that women enjoy better access to post-university level education and life-long learning , as well as to new technologies and the information society so as to enable them to cope with the competition in the labour market . istruzione
the very fact that european women are still under-represented in the research world , despite women now being better educated than men , signifies that europe has huge potential that is not being exploited . istruite
investing in education , research and innovation is our only opportunity for coping successfully in the knowledge-based economy . istruzione
in the longer term , this may mean that most university teachers will be women , reflecting the situation further down the education ladder in the school system , while men find employment in industrial research , which is better paid and more prestigious and in which only 15 % of researchers are at present women . scolastico
objectives to meet 90 % of the demand for day-care facilities for school-age children and 33 % for infants are not enough , unless quality preschool education is provided , which is only the case in a few european countries . istruzione
obviously , the commission is in favour of improving outcomes in health and education by means of projects and , increasingly , by budget support . educativo
have practical solutions been found for specific problems , for example in the educational field ? istruzione
education is , after all , fundamental to the combating of poverty and social exclusion , which affects most handicapped people . NULL
the member states must do more to make things simpler for small enterprises , and concerns are expressed about there being big differences in respect of education in entrepreneurship and the cultivation of the spirit of enterprise in schools . formazione
this is the only way in which we can build a society geared towards lifelong education and training , at the root of which is ensuring that our citizens are knowledgeable and well-informed . istruzione
with regard to gender equality , the situation is most alarming : different levels of employment , salary , access to and progress in the labour market , education , participation in vocational training programmes . istruzione
taking the large number of disabled people into account , the short-term cost of their education and integration is bound to lead to economic gain for the disabled in the longer term , and for their families and for society as a whole too . istruzione
the education of disabled children , for example , is an integral part of education strategies in many developing countries , such as uganda or ethiopia . NULL
at the beginning of this month , the cambodian government arrested two human rights activists : kem sokha , chairman of the ‘ cambodian center for human rights ’ and yeng virak , director of the ‘ community legal education center ’ , who are being held in connection with the display of a banner marking the international day of human rights on 10 december . yeng
in this regard , the appearance of more and more community , university and scientific groups , both in rural areas and in cities , within churches or in educational or social centres , groups that did not exist before and whose work may make a valuable contribution to political development in cuba , is a hopeful sign . educativi
the country makes great claims for itself and has , for years , served as an example to the rest of latin america in the areas of education , health care and other public services , as well as the protection of the most vulnerable sections of the population . istruzione
europe must speak with one voice in havana against the serious human rights violations and in favour of a dialogue with the authorities on political and economic reforms to prevent the achievements in the areas of health care and education in the first years of the revolution from going to waste . istruzione
such important aspects as the protection of victims must be accompanied by other measures , such as specific programmes on access to work or to social housing , so that this reality can be dealt with in a complete way , taking account of aspects relating to education , legal assistance and health and without forgetting that these violent situations often also affect minors within their families . istruzione
it is not only non-government organisations , media , research and educational institutions that can contribute to this , but also all of us who refuse to tolerate such a serious social problem , one that has become an obstacle to the development of a democratic society . istruzione
it is all very well to legislate , but it is also important to provide temporary aid , to provide education and to implement programmes such as daphne , because all of these help gradually to put an end to this scourge and this persistent blot on our society . istruzione
i can assure the house that i have never been discriminated against in the home , at school , in higher education or at work .  
that is the time when young women ought to be in education or perhaps starting families . studiare
the white paper identifies three ways forward : to work more together on civic education , to connect citizens with each other and to connect the citizens with the institutions . educazione
civic education is a national or regional responsibility , but there is a european added value . educazione
the eu can help to ensure exchange of best practice and facilitate the development of common educational tools , so that the european dimension is better addressed . educativi
there is therefore also an obligation on us to make sure that there is access , for example , to civic education , where one can learn how it all works and how one can have a voice in this process . educazione
‘ 4 ( b ) providing proper training , including a child ’ s perspective , to the staff of competent bodies dealing with men ’ s violence against women , such as police officers , judicial personnel , health personnel , educators , youth and social workers and prison staff ; ’ educatori
this is a phenomenon that affects women of all ages , levels of education and social backgrounds , although there are some forms of violence that are strongly linked to poverty and social exclusion . istruzione
the report stresses the disparities that still exist in underlying factors such as employment , the wage gap , lifelong education and training . istruzione
to mention only two of them : a pay gap estimated at 16 % and an employment rate of females aged between 15 and 24 that is stagnant , despite women in this age group being educated to a higher level . ristagna
young people from these areas go to cuba to receive training and education , and cuba sends thousands of doctors and other professionals to other countries . istruzione
they fear that joining the schengen area may create difficulties in keeping in touch with relatives , that it may prevent the maintenance or development of relationships in the areas of economy , education and culture . scolastico
everything must be standardised by the law or by the market ; for lack of time , the market will take care of destroying the jewels of our industry , of our commerce , of our crafts and of our liberal professions , before it attacks our health and education services and our culture . istruzione
taking account of these principles , a large majority of the committee on culture and education , followed by the committee on the internal market and consumer protection , came out in favour of inserting a cultural reservation clause and of excluding audiovisual services from the scope of the directive . istruzione
the feeble compromise on which the conservatives and social democrats have agreed still tends in that direction ; in essential areas such as water supply or education , the radically free-market thinking of the original directive is still there . istruzione
mr president , president-in-office of the council , there was a material background to the austrian chancellor ’ s criticism , namely the fact that there are problems of numbers and financial problems between austria and the federal republic of germany over access to higher education , similar to those that have arisen between france and belgium . istruzione
because of the differences in size , it is hard for the smaller member state in each case to guarantee everything , financially and organisationally , that completely unrestricted access to higher education would require . istruzione
does austria see any answers to the specific problem of access to higher education , and if so , what ? istruzione
mr president , austria ’ s criticism of the european court of justice ’ s judgment on access to higher education , which you mentioned , was in fact concerned essentially with the actual problems that have arisen as a result of the judgment and the – in our view – overly strict application of the ban on discrimination in the area of education policy . istruzione
this judgment has in fact interfered with austrian citizens ’ access to many areas of higher education , especially areas that are important for austria ’ s supply of , in this particular case , doctors . istruzione
one of them , which must ultimately be decided by the european parliament because it will have to be in the form of a law , is to set a quota for the study of medicine – dentistry and human medicine – that will be based not on nationality but on possession of the austrian school-leaving certificate that guarantees access to higher education . istruzione
what role do you believe education policy and the question of access to higher education have to play in the lisbon strategy ? devono
like the european parliament and the commission , the council rates the potential of education very highly for achieving the lisbon strategy ’ s objectives . istruzione
the bologna process , which will involve the establishment of a european area of higher education by 2010 , is of great importance for our young people in particular . istruzione
the reason for this is probably that the rules governing access to higher education are caught between the rights of the eu ’ s citizens in the internal market on the one hand and the strict observance of member state responsibility for course contents and the shaping of the education system , which is anchored in the ec treaty , on the other . istruzione
that is why it is important that we find common solutions in this area in particular , because we shall not be able to achieve the lisbon strategy ’ s objectives without improving access to education . istruzione
mr president , mr bartenstein , i am sure we are all aware that mobility is particularly high among academics and young people who have enjoyed a university education , but what specific plans does the presidency now have for apprentices and people with lower levels of education ? formazione
this has already happened within the areas of education , health and social affairs . istruzione
i agree that in reality education , according to both the community treaty and the directive , is , above all , a matter of national responsibility , and the european union only funds general education programmes . istruzione
however , if there is a lack of national responsibility and the funding of general european education programmes does not increase , then the services directive , by only confirming the responsibility of the national authorities , while neglecting education services , does not help to solve the problems surrounding the expansion of education in europe , it simply perpetuates them . istruzione
this , by the way , is confirmed by the decrease in funding of general education and culture programmes for 2007-2013 , which was the subject of a persuasive letter by the committee on culture and education to all the group leaders of the european parliament . istruzione
when reading the proposal , one has the feeling that the more highly educated or qualified someone is , the more likely his or her field is to fall outside the scope of the directive and be protected from genuine competition . istruzione
i also believe that certain services such as health , social services and aspects of education are so sensitive that they should not be covered by this particular measure . istruzione
it raises one billion a year , which can be used to get children into school and to abolish the fees that jeopardise the education of millions of children in developing countries , especially little girls . istruzione
all young people have the right to an education – at any level . istruzione
in other words , we need to focus on young people and on education in schools . educazione
in order to be effective , our handling of this problem must include looking ahead , by means of risk assessment , prevention , education and information for the public . educazione
it has been calculated that 80 % of our national wealth is intangible , which is to say education , knowledge , administration , and just 3 % is made up of natural resources . istruzione
we have to ensure that everyone can participate ; not only people who live in cities ; not only people who have a certain level of education ; not only young people . istruzione
the commission also needs to put the emphasis on effective use of ict in public services , particularly in health and education . istruzione
educating and informing society on the subject is tremendously important . fondamentale
therefore , together with the commissioner responsible for education and the commissioner responsible for research , we are going to draw up a roadmap to improve the involvement of women both in science training and in research . NULL
after all , it is widely known that the lowest wages are commonly found in so-called ‘ female sectors ’ , that is , in education and healthcare , whereas the highest wages are typical of male-dominated occupations , such as the armed forces and police . istruzione
are the health and education of future generations perhaps less important ? istruzione
for europe ’ s future prospects and for the far too numerous young people without work , then , education , training , research and development are crucial , and that is a good enough reason to reallocate considerable sums from the european budget in that direction and thereby to earn a tribute of appreciation from our nation states . istruzione
gender equality is a disaster , symbolised in particular by outdated rules governing parental leave , the complete lack of gender education , very poor legislation and the fact that 83 % of top positions are occupied by men . educazione
in that connection , we are also trying to design programmes and projects to educate parliamentarians . formare
as you know , the proposal on education and the new generation of programmes in the field of lifelong learning , youth and culture were adopted in 2004 for the period 2007-2013 . istruzione
these programmes will allow institutions in the fields of education , training and culture to improve the way they operate together . istruzione
at programme level , it is proposed to reduce the number of programmes in the area of education and training by putting erasmus , leonardo da vinci , comenius and grundtvig under the same umbrella : an integrated lifelong learning programme . istruzione
i listened with great interest , if only via a broadcast , to the speech of the president of the federal republic of germany , as he talked enthusiastically about education , young people and the erasmus programme . istruzione
i think this is the proper attitude for a head of state and european citizen who believes that through education and mobility we can achieve much more in the economic , social , cultural and political fields . istruzione
i therefore strongly believe that the new programmes for voluntary groups and young people in the field of education , as well as culture , should be enhanced in quantitative and qualitative terms , as they are of such importance both to individuals and to the community as a whole . istruzione
this is an ongoing issue , to be dealt with not only via education but also via sport , culture and intercultural dialogue . istruzione
the idea is to strengthen the role of education in shaping an enhanced entrepreneurial culture in europe and european companies . istruzione
education should stimulate the entrepreneurial spirit in young people and open up new possibilities for their future , along with the means for developing basic entrepreneurial skills . NULL
the commission believes that the benefits of entrepreneurship and education in the field of entrepreneurship should not be measured merely by the number of new companies or innovative enterprises and new jobs . istruzione
viewed in this light and against the broader scope of competences being advanced under the 2010 education and professional training programme , entrepreneurship is one of the elements in the reference framework of eight key and basic competences for lifelong education . istruzione
they also include a civic , cultural and educational dimension . educativa
according to the communication , the commission considers the fostering of entrepreneurial mindsets through education and professional training to be fully consistent and compatible with the aims we have set ourselves and with those formulated by meps , including even the author of this question , mrs maria badia i cutchet , within the context of improving general education in all areas and ensuring that in the future european citizens shall remain free and independent , with better conditions for development . istruzione
madam president , commissioner , i would like to thank you for your words , which have definitely reassured me a little , because , having read this communication , i am rather concerned that we might be going too far in subjecting education to the exigencies of competition and the market . istruzione
that is why i fully support mr rübig ’ s point that this basic concept – the key competences including education for entrepreneurship , education for culture , cultural awareness , citizenship and , of course , languages , mathematics , science , digital literacy and learning to learn – is important for everybody . educazione
i was not surprised but encouraged during the last question time when a colleague spoke of lifelong learning as a right of citizens , a right of an individual vis-à-vis the state or its authorities to have access to lifelong learning , not just to basic or secondary education . istruzione
it is very difficult to imagine that the definitive solution will satisfy everybody , but we must find a solution which ensures that the pupils will get the best education . istruzione
however , i would not focus primarily on that issue of cost ; i would focus mainly on the working system and on providing the best possible education for pupils . istruzione
with regard to option b , which foresees having almost every section everywhere , there will be much fragmentation , with small groups and small classes , in which case we will be faced with the problem of ensuring good quality teaching and good quality education . istruzione
the most important issue involves securing the efficient functioning of the system of european schools , and there are also many problems concerning the future quality of education . istruzione
option b has some tremendous weaknesses in terms of the future development of education . istruzione
concerning the other elements of your question , the 82 000 children currently under social protection , residential care , foster care or placement in enlarged families are benefiting from a child protection structure in line with the un convention on the rights of the child , and this is also the case for access to health care and education . istruzione
this exclusion does not relate only to material factors but also to education , health or security in old age , and is passed on from generation to generation . istruzione
children from constrained social environments have difficulty securing access to higher education , travel less and have lower living standards . istruzione
certainly , economic growth and increased employment are the means by which higher levels of social cohesion will be achieved , in conjunction with effective systems of education and training . istruzione
from this point of view , the bauer reports reminds us that measures need to be taken which aim to prevent early departure from education and training and help students who graduate with poor qualifications in particular to move into school and the job market . istruzione
particular mention is made of investment in education and lifelong learning , in that participation is stagnant , which is why private initiative is also called on to participate in this . NULL
one of the single most important solutions is not , as is often argued , a job ; it is actually education : education from pre-school , certainly primary education , and at a minimum through to secondary education . istruzione
health services , education services , transport and cultural services not only help to protect those who are at risk of poverty , but also keep tens if not hundreds of millions out of poverty by their very existence . istruzione
we know that there are links between poor nutrition , poor housing , a poor environment – the poor often live in the worst environments – and poor educational prospects , which then follow through people ’ s lives and indeed those of their children . istruzione
mr de rossa mentioned the difficulties about education and employment . istruzione
member states should be looking at whether their social security systems operate to allow people to go through training and to take up educational possibilities , or whether they in fact constrict them because these people have to be ready for work at any moment . istruzione
hence the proposals that we tabled , aimed at changing macroeconomic policies and at moving social inclusion , employment with rights , public health , education , and access to justice , culture and decent housing to the top of the political agenda . istruzione
similarly , the state has a vital role in guaranteeing high-quality public education and labour rights that do not infringe the dignity of the workers . istruzione
the wide use of information and communication technologies increases people ’ s educational and training opportunities , and also their opportunities to join the employment market , especially for the most socially vulnerable groups such as the disabled . istruzione
of all the key political priorities for solving issues of poverty and social exclusion , i would emphasise education . istruzione
the issue is to ensure the right level of education , a smooth transition from educational institutions to the workplace and the integration of disadvantaged groups into the education system through the use of e-learning . istruzione
education is not just school , it is a targeted system of lifelong learning . istruzione
however , i cannot understand the council ’ s decision , in the negotiations on the financial perspective , to reduce the funds earmarked for education and grants for young people , an area where relatively modest funds can be used to make a significant impact in education , the study of foreign languages , the development of international links and attitudes towards the european union . istruzione
these are the groups that suffer disadvantages in obtaining and maintaining a job , the wages received , welfare , healthcare , education and access to cultural assets . istruzione
to this end , we must step up our communication efforts and allocate resources in line with the implementation of a communication policy that is modern , effective , educational and , in short , adapted to our times , not least through the use of tools such as web tv pedagogica
in terms of higher education , we would like to call on the member states , by 2007 , to make it easier for universities to access additional private sponsorship and to break down barriers to cooperation between academic institutions and business , in accordance with their national conventions . istruzione
one of our aims is to reduce the number of school drop-outs by 2010 and to ensure that more young people complete secondary education . istruzione
europe ’ s economic future depends on having the best educated and trained people , with a full range of skills and the adaptability required for a knowledge economy . istruzione
that is why we must boost investment in higher education significantly . istruzione
there is a gap between higher education and research , on the one hand , and companies and the economy on the other . istruzione
the eit should be the next one ; it is a symbol of a european purpose , but it is not just a symbol : it adds value to our collective efforts in terms of research , education and innovation . istruzione
one of the most important issues – brought up by all speakers in this house today – has been the investment in human capital : the issue of training , education and the way in which that leads to further research , and future innovation and development . istruzione
fifthly , we need specific european projects , not just national action plans : the creation of a european research framework , the creation of a european infrastructure , the creation of a european energy market , the creation of a european airspace , the creation of a european establishment and innovation offensive , the expansion of the european education programme . istruzione
mr president , if we envisage europe becoming the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world , we need to boost investment in education and in the field of research and development . istruzione
if we do not improve the current educational and r [ amp ] d instruments at eu member state level and at the level of supra-state bodies , what is known as the lisbon strategy will prove to be a big failure . per
in specific terms , we need to invest in education , training , research and innovation in order to render our production processes competitive . istruzione
more should be done in the area of research and development ; innovation must be supported and education and training must be organised on a more efficient and better-quality footing . istruzione
we cannot afford any societies in europe whose educational policies exclude rather than foster or discriminate against people rather than integrating them . istruzione
we need an education policy that makes the fullest possible use of this continent ’ s reserves of education . istruzione
we cannot afford social policies that , while allowing young women to get a good education , do not thereafter give them the chance to make something of it for lack of any compatibility between family life and working life , and we cannot afford social policies that simply spit older workers out of the production process because it is believed that they are no longer needed . istruzione
i should like to replace the term ‘ education ’ with ‘ higher education ’ because we are concerned here with cooperation between research , the private sector and higher education . istruzione
they should work with the clubs to inform and educate the general public , and especially sports fans and supporters , about the scale of the problem of forced prostitution and trafficking in human being . educare
accordingly , it has identified four priority areas for action , whereby eu heads of state or government must commit themselves to taking the following specific additional measures , at national and european level : greater investment in education and innovation ; unlocking business potential , especially smes ; responding to the challenges of globalisation and the ageing of the population ; and setting the wheels of an affective , integrated european energy policy in motion . istruzione
the captains of industry will set out their wish list calling for the implementation of the so-called structural reforms , which is a euphemism for the politics of the right , the true meaning of which is well known to the workers : that is , more precarious work , lower salaries , longer working life and working hours , later pensionable age , the dismantling and subsequent liberalisation and privatisation of public services , with the accent on energy and communications , social security , health and education , and research , with exploitation , unemployment and poverty following istruzione
the attack by euro-unifying capital is being extended and embraces all the basic links , with the invasion of capital in and the commercialisation of health , education and energy , the dismantling of labour relations and the sweeping away of any rights acquired by the working classes , with the new attack on its insurance and pension rights . istruzione
we and our mediterranean partners have also agreed to increase investment in education and to tackle together all aspects of legal and illegal immigration . istruzione
to follow up on the summit , we must now ensure constructive and effective contributions by all partners to attain the commonly agreed objectives on political and economic reform , growth and job creation , human rights and gender issues , education and management of migration , regional stability and the fight against terrorism . istruzione
for example there is the need , no doubt , that the european union policy towards these countries should balance the commercial aspect with a more intensive cooperation in the financial , social and educational sector as well as in the environmental sector . istruzione
this means that we can by no means rest on our laurels – and , indeed , we are not doing – but rather must set ourselves the task of continuing work on all the fields that mrs madeira cited – health care , social dialogue , sustainability , gender issues , opportunities for education and many other issues . istruzione
i am in favour of liberalisation , but i agree it must also take account of social cohesion and social stability , social rights , questions of energy , and of course education . istruzione
communications , education , access to modern methods , application of sound medical advice and bridging gaps in the issue of public health at member state level are vital . istruzione
offering young people in belarus such study opportunities in higher education establishments and european union universities is without doubt the priority of a common european union strategy like this . istruzione
demographic ageing goes beyond the issues of pension systems , health , education , urban planning and so on . istruzione
the education systems need to be reformed in order to increase the efficiency and pace of higher education , thus enabling an earlier entry into working life . scolastici
the main priorities as regards managing demographic change are jobs with rights , fairer income distribution , strong public social security based on solidarity between generations , and high-quality public services , in particular in areas such as health , education , housing and social protection . istruzione
however , demographic change should also be seen as an opportunity to achieve a new solidarity across the generations , which guarantees young people a good education , creates jobs for all and enables people to grow old with dignity . istruzione
identifying these obstacles and those which exist both inside and outside the workplace ( such as taxation , housing and the cost of education , health and insurance ) is the responsibility of the member states , given that the member states alone shape both development and family policy . istruzione
certainly education , training and finding work in an environment of sustainable development are necessary preconditions to a high standard of living . istruzione
educating children and caring for them is also , in its way , an activity that requires very high levels of creativity , and it is clear that european citizens , if they are to decide in favour of having children , need greater security in a world that is undergoing enormous change . educare
not even annex c of the ministerial statement can , or should be allowed to , interfere with that in the area of services of public general interest such as education , culture , health , infrastructure and energy . istruzione
this would cost europe economic growth and jobs , and africa would lose out in terms of economic development and would fail to achieve the millennium objectives in the areas of basic education and health care . istruzione
in the case of young people there was confirmation of the goal of reducing by 10 % the numbers of those not finishing school , and offering every young person employment , work experience or further education within six months of leaving school by 2007 and within four months by 2010 , as set out in the current main principles . specializzazione
when will we start on better and longer-term investment in education , with a coordinated strategy in the member states ? istruzione
greater public investment is therefore urgently required in health , housing and guaranteed access to free , high-quality education and training . istruzione
we also have insufficient entrepreneurial dynamism , weak labour markets , sluggish productivity growth , lack of investment , lack of innovation and bad systems of education . istruzione
this is of very great concern because , if young people leave education only to be immediately unemployed – and in the long term , at that – it is incredibly difficult to get them back into the labour market subsequently . studiare
the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe therefore calls for renewed efforts ; what we expect to see from the member states is sounder budget policies , real structural reforms on the labour market and in health and pensions , and markedly more investment in education and research . istruzione
we need them because we do not have a common economic policy , and the reason why we do not have a common economic policy is that the instruments for a pro-active economic policy are in the hands of the member states – research policy , fiscal policy , education policy , to name but three areas . istruzione
there are various reasons for this situation : a lack of appropriate infrastructure , insufficient private and public investments , delays in the development of innovative technologies and inappropriate vocational training and education . istruzione
finally , it is paramount to foster related education and vocational training in order to meet the requirements and challenges of economic development . istruzione
accordingly , taking account of the national reform programmes submitted by the member states and the measures put forward for complying with these guidelines , we have tabled amendments to the report aimed at making the guidelines more workable and easier to timetable , thus ensuring effective implementation of women 's rights , access to high-quality public education and training , the creation of stable jobs with rights , and more public investment in health and housing . istruzione
i fully agree with the fact that no country should be forced to liberalise any service sector and that sectors such as health , water supply , education and audiovisual services in particular must be excluded from liberalisation . istruzione
it is , in fact , the responsibility of the public authorities to support the organisation of these players - consumer associations , public service users , associations fighting against exclusion or community education associations – throughout europe . educazione
our parliament has total responsibility for health , the environment , justice , education , fishing , agriculture and many more areas , yet the eu view of subsidiarity too often stops at the member state when , in fact , the more relevant partner may well be much more local . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a6-0076 / 2006 ) by mr takkula on behalf of the committee on culture and education on the proposal for a decision of the european parliament and of the council establishing for the period 2007 – 2013 the programme ‘ citizens for europe ’ to promote active european citizenship ( com ( 2005 ) 0116 – c6-0101 / 2005 – 2005 / 0041 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
i should like to thank all the listed committees , in particular the committee on culture and education and its rapporteur mr takkula for his efforts , combining determination and modernisation . istruzione
the member states must supplement these actions with activities in the areas of culture and education . istruzione
i would like to end by expressing my appreciation for the work of the rapporteur and for the willing cooperation of the committee on culture and education . istruzione
i hope that strong support by parliament , as seen recently in relation to citizenship , youth and education programmes , will be seen at the final meetings of the troika or current negotiations on the financial perspective . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a6-0061 / 2006 ) by mrs prets on behalf of the committee on culture and education on the proposal for a decision of the european parliament and of the council establishing a community action for the european capital of culture event for the years 2007 to 2019 ( com ( 2005 ) 0209 – c6-0157 / 2005 – 2005 / 0102 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
i should really like to thank the committee on culture and education and in particular the rapporteur mrs prets for her efficiency and effort . istruzione
you were right , mr barroso , to point out at the time the drastic cuts that a financial perspective such as this would entail and to call for resources for education , research , the trans-european networks , cooperation and so on . istruzione
secondly , it is our quite deliberate intention to concentrate on the training of the young , so that 85 % of young people under the age of 22 should get higher education . istruzione
i fully support the basic idea that the commission is putting forward here , the idea of creating a link between institutions of higher education and industry , between research and development on the one hand and the end users on the other . istruzione
a flagship for european excellence in education , research and innovation is a genuinely new idea which needs imagination and drive to work . istruzione
in fact , a lot of positive things have come out of the european council meeting that we should be promoting very strongly , in particular the commitments given to increasing employment opportunities and increasing the amount of money to be put into research and development ; assisting in the expansion of the lifelong learning and education and training programmes ; utilising the resources available to the european investment bank to kick start small and medium-sized enterprises , to give them an opportunity to create the jobs and to create the economic wealth and growth which is necessary within the istruzione
– from my point of view , the challenges that europe faces today were correctly identified by the european council : globalisation , the demography question , key sectors of the european economy such as energy and services , research and development , innovation , education , jobs and growth . istruzione
with what resources and what policies are you going to achieve these targets , when crucial sectors , such as the structural funds , the trans-european networks , consumer and health policy , research and education are suffering from drastic cutbacks in resources ? istruzione
it is therefore surprising that yet another council is cutting expenditure on research and on educational programmes . istruzione
this can be achieved , by means of the following : equal opportunities for men and women ; promoting high-quality , inclusive state education ; the right to work and to work with rights ; the right to free , high-quality healthcare ; the right to culture ; access to the law ; access to decent housing ; and peace . istruzione
we are not at all well disposed towards some of the amendments by the european parliament ’ s committee on culture and education . istruzione
as i said during the last part-session , i am happy to note that attention is being given to my appeal to the effect that we should look after students sent away from their universities because they took part in demonstrations and for whose education we have to provide in our country . studio
europe must increase opportunities for people ’ s cooperation in culture , education as well as simply cooperation between citizens . educativo
where budgetary support is given , it has to target specific sectors , in other words , explicitly home in on health care or education . istruzione
that is why we should invest in logistics and social infrastructure , in the transfer of knowledge and training local staff , and also in basic education , with a view to imparting basic knowledge in the areas of hygiene , healthy drinking water and healthy food . istruzione
in this plenum , i cannot emphasise enough the importance of the millennium objectives , particularly in respect of health care and education . istruzione
this shortage of healthcare personnel is in fact the result of so-called ‘ structural adjustment ' programmes which have been brutally pursued by the international financial institutions and which have led to the collapse of public healthcare and education services in a good many countries . istruzione
the time has come to prevent the deaths of many millions of children and women due to a lack of primary healthcare , mother and child health , sexual and reproductive health , water and sanitation infrastructure , and education , including education in the field of health . istruzione
a consequence is that that the losing nations do not have that skill space that they need to educate their young people and develop their own economies . educare
i am concerned by commissioner frattini ’ s recent proposal to promote the recruitment of highly educated immigrants , including the creation of a ‘ green card ’ for researchers , engineers and doctors . qualificati
educated doctors and nurses save human lives . qualificati
in the year that has passed , neither the european commission nor the member state governments have taken any corrective measures in the public health sector , or in order to eliminate the unemployment affecting the roma or their exclusion from the economic , housing and education sector . istruzione
we call on the commission to set aside an appropriate proportion of european development funding for the political education of parliamentarians and other persons in positions of leadership , enabling the development in these countries of the sort of political culture that will strengthen responsible governance in the long term . formazione
it makes access to essential services , such as basic education and health care , more difficult and sometimes impossible . istruzione
education and training needs to be improved and the number of women in higher level education needs to be increased in order to afford them the opportunity to become more involved in politics . NULL
. this resolution raises the very serious problem that the developed world is siphoning off the educated elites of the developing world , particularly in the medical sector . spogliano
i should like to take this opportunity to denounce the immigration law ' chosen ' by mr sarkozy , which will organise this siphoning off of elites on a grand scale , further compromising the development of the countries from which these elites come , and automatically aggravating emigration , while a bankrupt education system has given up on training a generation condemned to unemployment or dead-end jobs . istruzione
we must support consistently and decisively the cultural , linguistic and education rights of the kurdish community ; we must support political rights ; we must call for the electoral law prohibiting the democratic representation of the kurdish community in the political life of turkey to be amended . istruzione
neither the requested necessary institution-building nor developments in mother-tongue higher education have taken place . istruzione
the last time the foreign ministers of the european union met in council , they reached agreement – after very serious and thorough debate – that , while direct payments to the palestinian authority were to be suspended indefinitely , at the same time , the attempt would be made to maintain the provision of aid via non-governmental and international organisations in order that the basic needs of the palestinian people , not least in health and education , might continue to be met . istruzione
you say that you want to continue to guarantee the provision not only of emergency aid , but also of education and healthcare . istruzione
of course we have to do it rather quickly , and this also goes for health , education and other issues . istruzione
i very much regret the fact that my knowledge of the language is insufficient to permit me to deliver a speech in spanish , but working alongside the present commission has been a tough educational experience to which i owe the ability to understand enough spanish to understand what he said to me , for which i am grateful . istruttiva
the areas in question are education , training , migration and the protection of the environment , and i believe them to be areas in which further enhanced cooperation will be possible . istruzione
commissioner , i support the establishment of a bi-regional solidarity fund earmarked primarily for education , eradicating illiteracy and supporting social cohesion . istruzione
suspending aid means dealing a fatal blow to an emerging and fragile state , as the first people to be affected will be the 150 000 palestinian civil servants who also oversee health care and educational services and who provide a livelihood for more than a quarter of the population . educativi
there were protests against the jewish brigade , which had fought for the liberation of europe , two israeli flags were burnt , and the education minister was angrily heckled . istruzione
even worse , the education minister ’ s father , a partisan who had been held in dachau and had won the silver and bronze medals of the resistance , was shouted at and jeered . fischiato
mr president , i should like to come back to the attacks suffered in my country , france , by some young german pupils while they took part in an educational exchange programme with some schools in the paris suburbs . educativo
as a member of the committee on culture and education , i have decided to send a letter to my country ’ s minister for national education calling for him to take appropriate action faced with these disgraceful acts . istruzione
we express our concern at the fact that only eur 12 million ( 0.4 % of the budget ) is earmarked for basic education and eur 74 million ( just 2.7 % ) for basic health , despite the recommendations made by the european parliament in last year 's resolution . insegnamento
one : we need to take the regulation further ; two : we need investment in education and training ; three : we need adequate infrastructure ; four : we should facilitate access to risk capital . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a6-0074 / 2006 ) by mr mavrommatis , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on measures to promote multilingualism and language learning in the european union : european indicator of language competence ( 2005 / 2213 ( ini ) ) . istruzione
in conclusion , i want to repeat my gratitude to the rapporteur and also to the committee on culture and education and its chairman mr sifunakis for their very valuable and continuous support for our programmes and policies . istruzione
as well as contributing to an improvement in communication and mutual understanding amongst the citizens of europe , this system will also lead to a qualitative improvement in the teaching of foreign languages in european education and training systems , thereby contributing to the achievement of the lisbon objectives . istruzione
i would like to end by saying that i am pleased with the text since it represents an important step forward towards a closer union amongst the european citizens , as well as being very good news in terms of improving education within the union . formazione
the content and organisation of national education systems is an area in which the eu , in theory , has no jurisdiction , and this report highlights why . istruzione
it is therefore right and proper that we should introduce into schools the teaching of two foreign languages even in the earliest stages of education . istruzione
unfortunately i am only able to speak in estonian , my mother tongue , at every tenth session of the european parliament ’ s cultural and educational commission – what an irony in a multicultural europe . istruzione
even today , an austrian has far better chances in the labour market if he speaks an eastern european language , no matter which one , yet , as a consequence of a misguided education policy , this skill has hitherto not been encouraged in my country ’ s schools . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as a member of the committee on culture and education i would like to state that this committee has respected the principle of subsidiarity and has taken into consideration national interests while successfully pursuing the european legislative framework for the areas under its political purview . istruzione
i consider linguistic knowledge to be an integral part of life-long learning for eu citizens , and the report submitted by mr maurommatis adds another tile to the mosaic of european education , rightly complementing existing plans and programmes in the area of education . istruzione
as a rapporteur of the committee on culture and education dealing with drafting the european qualifications framework , which is primarily designed to set up a reference structure to transfer and recognise qualifications , i find it important to establish reliable systems for measuring progress and verifying language proficiency . istruzione
therefore we must use all available methods to ensure that early language learning forms part of public education . istruzione
europe must propose that resources are shared between the two shores of the latin world : water , food , education and medicines . istruzione
funded by a form of vat on the numerous services provided , from space and geostationary satellites , this council would make a success of partnerships aimed at supplying water and providing basic medicines , education and food . istruzione
the purpose of this process , which also forms part of the bologna education process , is for universities and schools to meet the basic needs of the large multinationals , ‘ educating ’ a homogenous workforce with linguistic skills in ict and in languages that facilitate the professional and geographical mobility and the adaptability of work , whilst at the same time commercialising knowledge and the fruits of research . istruzione
the june list has previously pointed out in this parliament – and now does so again – that the member states are exclusively responsible for the organisation of teaching and the content of education systems . istruzione
in both resolutions now being dealt with , the european parliament is shamelessly trying to get involved in language teaching and the adjustment of education systems to , for example , new technology and digitalisation . istruzione
the lack of data on the citizens ’ language skills means that there needs to be a system whereby progress towards attaining the objective laid down by the barcelona european council of developing the eu ’ s education and training systems into a world-renowned centre of excellence can be measured . istruzione
he was highly active in the fields of education , science and culture and i would like to stress his position as rector of the university of vilnius . istruzione
we shall all remember him for his work in our parliament , as a member of the committee on culture and education . istruzione
segregation in the education sector is already mentioned in the bulgarian report , but i would very much like to see that this issue is given increased attention in the case of romania , where the level of segregation is just as high . istruzione
also , the mother-tongue university education of the indigenous hungarian community , in the form of an independent hungarian institution of higher education , has still not been resolved . istruzione
nevertheless , women in romania have made great strides in the field of education : young women have a higher level of education than young men ; in 2005 , almost 55 % of graduates were female , and women represent 40 % of university lecturers . scolastico
we also have a network of 23 awareness-raising projects , which provide advice to children , teenagers , parents and educators about the risks of the internet and the way to deal with them . educatori
that is why we need not only to raise the awareness of educators and parents but also to lobby internet providers , as i do regularly , to take responsibility and to establish self-regulatory measures . educatori
. we have a real problem with the new technologies , which is that for the first time in human history maybe children know more than parents and educators . educatori
diversity in educational backgrounds , work experience , age , gender and nationalities guarantees more sensitive , alert and creative cooperation than just adding more of the same sort of people . formativi
we emphasise the need for an expansionist policy coordinated jointly by the eu and its member states , which will be aimed at strengthening internal demand , public investment , research and education , high-quality public services in areas such as health and housing , including infrastructure and equipment , which promotes high rates of employment with rights and which guarantees economic and social cohesion and balanced environmental development . istruzione
i would underline this statement , especially as the lisbon strategy is calling for more money and greater investment , including from public finances – i need only mention education and research . istruzione
public and private investment must be increased in the fields of innovation , education and the development of new skills and technologies , in accordance with the lisbon strategy . istruzione
if you make a comparison with what we are now , in 2006 , spending on important categories such as trans-european network , education and research among others , then i think we could negotiate and agree together on decidedly marked increases for the next period . istruzione
. – mr president , i too , speaking on behalf of the committee on culture and education , would like to extend warm thanks to all members concerned , and particularly to mr böge , the rapporteur , for the work they have put in , which has an effect on programmes in the fields of lifelong learning , youth , culture , media and the citizens ’ europe . istruzione
what is more , the framework provides more resources for investment in education , research and transport and for aid to the eu ’ s poor regions , while expenditure on agricultural aid is cut back . istruzione
my second concern is that , following the council ’ s december meeting , it was clear that most of the savings had been made in the areas to do with the knowledge-based society and education , which runs completely counter to its own modernisation rhetoric . istruzione
they are always getting on their hind legs and saying that europe must become the most economically successful area in the world by 2010 , that we must develop the knowledge-based society , that we must do more for education and exchange in europe , and then the budget for this gets cut by 50 % . istruzione
this house hears what the specialist committees have had to say on the subject , about development cooperation being unsatisfactory , about education , youth and research not being up to any kind of standard , about defective communications on our security missions overseas , about the dramatic reversal in rural development . istruzione
every one of us must consider whether there really would , without our consent , be an extra eur 800 million for education , eur 400 more for the cip programmes for small and medium-sized enterprises , an extra eur 100 million for social policy , eur 300 million more for the cohesion fund , eur 200 million more for natura 2000 , and so on and so forth . istruzione
at that point we will have to look at the level of cohesion in the european union , the extent to which the european economy is competitive , the level of unemployment and the state of the education system and of scientific research . istruzione
– mr president , one particular reason why i gave my support to the böge report was that it represents a landmark success on the part of this house in establishing that the european union is social and educational in character . istruzione
whatever else may be said about it , we have succeeded , by negotiation , in getting eur 800 million more for our young people , money that will make it possible for many young people within the european union – we estimate that there will be hundreds of thousands more of them than last time – to get better education in another member state and thereby protect themselves against unemployment . istruzione
the implementation of the lisbon strategy , progress in terms of research and development , education and training , external aid in the fields of development and cooperation , transnational infrastructure projects , and sufficient structural funds and a sufficient cohesion fund to demonstrate the necessary solidarity with the new countries : all of that will only be achieved to a minimal extent . istruzione
i should like to pay tribute to parliament ’ s negotiators led by mr böge , who obtained an extra eur 4 billion for important initiatives in the fields of competitiveness , education , research and youth exchanges . istruzione
parliament nonetheless managed to extract eur 4 billion more than what the council had decided , eur 4 billion that has been granted mainly to policies regarding education ( an extra 40 000 erasmus scholarships ! ) , research , competitiveness and innovation . istruzione
if we have a single legal basis relying on article 179 alone there is a danger that programmes such as erasmus mondus or other educational programmes and student grants will disappear . istruzione
this house can count the implementation of educational measures and their social role as accompaniments to the action plans among its successes . istruzione
the european border regions are offered the opportunity , in the coming years , partly with some eur 700 million per annum in funds from the european regional development fund , of carrying out concrete programmes that cover a wide spectrum , including public health , education , the economy and the environment at europe ’ s external borders . istruzione
what we propose is that 50 % of all eu official development assistance spending should be spent on millennium goals and within this context , present spending levels for basic education and basic health care should be doubled . istruzione
the commission 's screening reports on the negotiation chapters ' science and research ' , ' education and culture ' , ' public procurement ' and ' competition ' are now available . istruzione
the council has examined the screening reports on the first two chapters , ' science and research ' and ' education and culture ' , and invited croatia to set out its negotiation positions . istruzione
secondly , the commission ’ s aps document does not refer at all to the millennium development goals or sectors important for poverty reduction , particularly education and poverty diseases . istruzione
the new budgetary framework means that there will be respectable growth in that part of the budget that goes on research , innovation , education and transport . istruzione
in this connection , the lifelong learning strategy is central to our report , and we support programme approaches for children and young people and for the training of workers , and the access of the elderly , too , to education . istruzione
i am naturally happy that the report proposes an information and education campaign and the prevention of such events . educativa
how would you rate the educational performance of a pupil scoring 3.8 out of 10 in a core subject ? scolastici
we are pleased , therefore , to note that the rapporteur has taken into account the entire opinion of the committee on culture and education . istruzione
consequently , the establishment of a dialogue devoted to culture and education should encourage regular exchange of good practice and experience in fields such as the fight against piracy , the mobility of cultural players , or , again , the development of cultural tourism . istruzione
regarding education , this dialogue should focus on strengthening the mutual recognition of vocational qualifications but also on interchanges of researchers and of university teachers and students . istruzione
we should mention , therefore , that the forthcoming renewal of the cooperation programme between our two continents in the fields of higher education and vocational training will also be of great benefit . istruzione
indeed , we plan to sign a new agreement on higher education and vocational training , including launching an innovative transatlantic degree programme . istruzione
here it is a question of simple but necessary things like access to high-quality drinking water , health , care , education and training . istruzione
we have , for instance , made it clear that we do not wish to take additional commitments on health , education and audiovisual services . istruzione
the next item is the report by mrs hennicot-schoepges on behalf of the committee on culture and education on the european year of intercultural dialogue ( 2008 ) [ ( com ( 2005 ) 0467 c6-0311 / 2005 2005 / 0203 ( cod ) ] ( a6-0168 / 2006 ) . istruzione
the commission is particularly sensitive to the call for strong cooperation with civil society and to the emphasis on the role of education . istruzione
there is no doubt that education will be of vital importance here , not to mention the involvement of civil society ; cooperation with all parts of civil society is essential . istruzione
our committee on culture and education has already pointed out to him that a budget of eur 10 million is extremely small to achieve the objectives set for this year . cultura
education must also play an essential part in the action , on the european level as well as nationally and regionally . azioni
civic education and initiatives designed to promote understanding of others in their diversity are a contribution to constructive and effective dialogue . educazione
educational institutions in particular must play a role in this european year . istruzione
intercultural dialogue is extremely important politically ; it is , however , only meaningful once it includes interreligious dialogue and education . istruzione
the states and all competent levels of administration should promote educational policies based on values and respect for the diversity and equality of people , eradicating the prejudices that are often the cause of distrust and xenophobic attitudes . istruzione
in this respect , i also agree with your call for more public information and education , and this will make up the third part of our action plan – behavioural changes . formazione
it was truly abnormal that a citizen convicted of abuse in one eu state , including sexual abuse against children , could again find work in children ’ s education institutions in another eu state , despite the fact that in its judgment the court had forbidden the citizen from doing so . scolastici
therefore , such a child rapist will no longer be able to work in children ’ s education institutions and harm children again . scolastici
we must review regulations on flexible working hours to allow men and women to coordinate work and family commitments more successfully , and guarantee equal opportunities for employment and for vocational education which determines employment . formazione
in hungary , which is probably the only eu member state advocating a progressive roma education policy , the number of segregated children has continued to grow in the past years , in spite of desegregation efforts . istruzione
it is true that in many cases unemployment is a consequence of low level , segregated education , but most often it is a result of the fact that when the roma go to a job interview , they are automatically turned down because of the colour of their skin . scolastica
the legal protection covers access to employment , education , healthcare , goods and services . istruzione
it appears that this problem , which europe finds increasingly complicated , can only be resolved through education , employability and employment , and a change in living conditions . istruzione
the report that had been prepared more than a year ago , as well as the decision , addressed the situation , employment , education and health issues of women . istruzione
it is often the case that girls are pressured by their parents into leaving school in order to help keep house and look after their siblings , resulting in a lack of education , poor working conditions – that is , if they actually manage to get onto the labour market at all – and low pay . istruzione
we must , as a matter of urgency , see to it that targeted education and information makes it impossible for such inhumane things to happen in europe again . istruzione
the outcome of this lack of understanding is the distorted image of roma life presented in the media , exclusion from education and employment and the many problems of the roma population . istruzione
access to education still seems to present a problem for mrs járóka , but a majority of my colleagues in the committee on women 's rights and gender equality chose to support my proposals , for which i am grateful to them . istruzione
do we want to support the education and social integration of roma children with community instruments ? istruzione
firstly , on the issue of education , romani women are , in effect , in a situation of double discrimination : first , as a member of the roma minority and , second , as members of the weaker sex . istruzione
the gap in education levels between boys and girls is unacceptably wide , with many girls failing to receive even primary education . quanto
efforts need to be stepped up to provide basic reproductive education and to prevent coercive sterilisation . informazione
we must give most particular attention to the multiple discrimination , and one issue that has struck me too as fundamental and to which there has been frequent reference in this debate , is that of education and training ; the possibility has been opened up of roma women breaking out of a tradition that is problematic in some respects and does not always afford them every opportunity , and in future enjoying equality of opportunity under normal conditions . istruzione
the roma are indeed the most disadvantaged group of society : their life expectancy is shorter than average , they are often excluded from health services , roma women fall prey to white slavery more easily , and the gap between the education level of roma and non-roma women is unacceptably wide . istruzione
one key aspect that was widely acknowledged during the debate was education and training . istruzione
incredible though it may seem , the european parliament ’ s committee on culture and education wishes to increase the eu ’ s share of the subsidies for national events and initiatives of this type from 50 % to 80 % ( amendment 33 ) . istruzione
simple measures that could bring major energy savings include awareness raising and educating and encouraging people to change their consumption habits , favouring the use of co-generation technologies , the fact that the public sector sets an excellent example in using cleaner transport and efficient lighting , and the use of energy saving contracts . educazione
it relates to the potential for europe to implement an effective strategy of sustainable development , by investing in knowledge and the future , a policy which will allow it to stand up to international competition not by reducing employment standards and abolishing the social state , but by investing in education , research , innovation and excellence . istruzione
i believe that risk analysis and risk management are examples of the kind of education that we should give people , so that they can develop the ability to make decisions in an informed way . educazione
europe has to make considerable improvements to produce new knowledge through basic research , in disseminating it through education and training , and in applying it through innovation , not least in small and medium-sized enterprises . educazione
biofuels and biomass form part of the solution , which also needs to involve education to reduce consumption . educazione
the seventh framework programme for research is based on three elements which are closely interdependent – education , research and innovation . istruzione
if , however , the starting point of the three , in other words education , has already become an achilles ’ heel , we can plan and support research and innovation as much as we like but the desired results will not materialise . istruzione
let us therefore support those institutions which rank among the most important from the perspective of education and its links to research , in other words universities . istruzione
let us promote a revival in research at universities and let us nurture the younger generation of scientists being educated there . alleviamo
the eu very much welcomes tunisia ’ s efforts , particularly as regards the position of women , the right to education and other issues . istruzione
the second conclusion was that a monitoring policy has more influence on social norms than media campaigns and an educational approach . educativo
educating and preparing disabled children for a career and for their future life is also problematic , as their situation depends , to a great extent , on the financial status of their parents and the society in which they live as well as on the job market . altrettanto
– the report encourages the complete eradication of discrimination on grounds of nationality or origin , restrictions on minorities or non-citizens and inequality in the areas of education , health and living standards within the european union as soon as possible . istruzione
this is why the fight against discrimination should be based on providing education in the broadest sense of the word at a very early age , and on effective information campaigns based on best practices . istruzione
since discrimination is caused , to a large extent , by a lack of knowledge , we must start to address the problem in its early phase : it must be addressed in education , to ensure that children become aware of the importance of tolerance and diversity at an early age , and to ensure that tolerance and diversity become a value ; fear of one another and the resulting aggression should not be allowed to become the characteristic feature of relations between cultures . istruzione
we need to support entrepreneurship and create new jobs , we need reforms to accelerate economic growth and increase tax revenues in order to allow greater spending on social programmes , education , public healthcare and pensions . istruzione
we must make a huge educational effort to explain to the people what i have previously called ‘ the cost of not having a constitution ’ : why not having a constitutional treaty has a negative impact on their daily lives . pedagogia
that kind of education aimed at young people is very important . didattica
the fight against discrimination must be based on education , the promotion of best practice and campaigns targeting the general public and those areas and sectors where discrimination takes place . istruzione
i welcome this report , which stipulates that the fight against discrimination must be based on education . istruzione
although all the national legislatures have thus been considerably strengthened , work remains to be done , particularly work based on education . istruzione
with bulgaria , we also have continued widespread discrimination against the roma community in housing , healthcare , education and employment . istruzione
horizontal measures , such as getting prices right , investment and research and innovation , education and skills are also important . istruzione
in my view , sustainability means that on the ground , in europe and around the world , more and more people increasingly have access to the conditions that are necessary to ensure peace , protection from violence , democracy , social security , unspoiled nature , education and culture . istruzione
where we have to recognise , however , that positive initiatives , education and awareness are not enough to stop violence or its precursors – intolerance and incitement – then our member states must make use of legal proceedings in order to protect their citizens . istruzione
i could , for example , mention recital i and say that we must work towards educating people to respect others , to hold dialogue and to show tolerance . istruire
roman giertych is considering the need to shut down this institution , which has been in existence since 1991 and which is an important institution in poland responsible for drafting and implementing educational programmes based on humanist values . educativi
one hundred and forty thousand people have signed an internet petition calling for the dismissal of the minister for education . istruzione
eradicating prejudice is , however , only one of the objectives in educating people in tolerance towards those who are different , and can complement other types of education in tolerant behaviour . educazione
nevertheless , my question – which is slightly dangerous , as i come from finland , which has a border of 1 300 km with russia – is : what is your educated guess about the timetable for a visa-free zone ? insidiosa
in response to your question , i am afraid i cannot make an educated guess . ipotesi
secondly , many of the aspects that were mentioned are under the responsibility of the member states , for example education and vocational training , jurisdiction over coastal areas up to 12 nautical miles , and the control and enforcement of safety standards , etc . istruzione
the measures proposed in the report include access to cheap fuel , financial and investment aid for fishermen and family enterprises and career training and education for young fishermen and those interested in a career in fishing . istruzione
although there are positive points raised in the proposal before us today , we feel the priorities of such an important instrument should also include public research in the social , environmental , education and health areas . educativo
indeed , i have taken exams under the uk ’ s wine and spirit education trust scheme and have reached the level just below master of wine , so perhaps i speak with a little authority here . esami
anyone who imagines that , because east timor was granted international recognition , it then had everything in place in terms of democratic and other structures and in relation to education , the environment , human rights and the courts is deluding himself . istruzione
the kurds do not have syrian citizenship , and as a consequence they have no passports , no access to education or to the health service and no right to own land . scolastici
the spring summit set in motion a number of important developments in the field of youth unemployment , with opportunities for training and further education , the possibility of every young person finding employment within six months , or , by 2010 , within four months . specializzazione
regardless of whether we are considering the financial-services industry , education systems , the linguistic landscape or regional differences , europe ’ s strength has always lain in its diversity . istruzione
this is why i am in favour of these practicable proposals being implemented for non-profit organisations , including those engaged in educational and scientific activities . educative
the second is that the new version clearly calls for resources to be focused on the community 's goals under the european employment strategy , including important goals relating to employment in the areas of social inclusion , education and vocational training . istruzione
support for an educated , qualified and adaptable work force , and for innovation , is key if we are to increase employment , productivity at work , growth , social cohesion and social security . istruita
the way in which we now invest in our workers in the form of vocational training so that they can adapt to new challenges , in education for young and old , and in support for the unemployed with the aim of helping them to help themselves , will help shape our future . istruzione
we also called for the broadening of qualification criteria for funding within the framework of ‘ regional competitiveness and employment ’ in terms of the level of education available in a given member state . istruzione
allow me to list three conditions – at an educational level and in terms of providing spurs to action and , if i may say so , tempting incentives - that are necessary if this preparation phase is to succeed . istruzione
at an educational level , mrs hübner , i know that , with your co-workers , you have already organised a number of conferences to raise awareness . educativo
i welcome the fact that the european social fund , as the commissioner reminded us , places emphasis on education and on doing away with inequalities in employment . istruzione
at the moment , the sums we failed to get from the third package are equal to half the money which my country spends on education and health . istruzione
however , a sound general education is a basic prerequisite for good vocational training , and for that reason money from the social fund may now also be used to reform education systems . istruzione
the only way we will be able to save these illegal immigrants from perishing most miserably on the journey or eking out their existence in the eu under slave conditions is to carry out educational work in their countries of origin and be strict about sending illegals back home . campagne
at a time of acute pressure on our health service and vital education sector , it is appalling that we are wasting so much taxpayers ' money on a failing political union . istruzione
when a plant is to be closed or relocated , this dialogue must include the following question : what has the company done to give its redundant employees a new future , for example in terms of training , further education and industrial retraining ? aggiornamento
the right way forward , on the other hand , should be based on the competitiveness of the european economy , which depends on balanced public accounts , effective education and training systems , justice that works promptly , competitive tax systems , greater flexibility in the labour market and major incentives for research . istruzione
we are for cooperation , education and economic growth , but they should be brought about with social and environmental responsibility . istruzione
with regard to education and training , i believe that they are fundamental – as certain members pointed out during the previous debate . istruzione
- by constantly upgrading the infrastructure of and action by educational institutes and research centres , given that the driving force behind development is the acquisition of knowledge by man ; istruzione
. – mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to take my turn in congratulating the rapporteur , mrs del castillo vera , on the work she has just done on this subject that is so important for the future of the union , and , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , i should like to draw your attention to three points . istruzione
as such , we strongly recommend that more importance be attached to them by means of developing synergies between the higher education sector , research , lifelong learning and the production sector . insegnamento
i wanted to draw your attention here to the member states that have rightly made job creation a key feature of their projects by investing more than 35 % of the esf funds in modernising their education and training systems . istruzione
i am particularly pleased about the integrated access to labour market and education policy , since it is only by combining businesses ’ conditions for innovation with social , labour market and education policy that we can create space for employees ’ creative potential . istruzione
a highly qualified workforce adapts better to businesses ’ quickly changing needs , and education also helps to spread knowledge . istruzione
europe has a need for more and better investment in education . istruzione
i agree that the universities play a vital role in establishing and spreading information , and so , cooperation between higher education , research and the manufacturing sector should be consolidated . istruzione
mr verheugen has banked on the inventiveness of the finnish presidency , and rightly so : there are grounds for examining the finnish education system , and , in doing so , one would see that this country has dared to go beyond ‘ employability ' , that monstrous term that european bureaucrats have coined in order to promote entrepreneurship , and this from as early an age as possible . istruzione
to this end , we must combat the brain drain effectively , we must provide incentives for the best foreign researchers to come to work in europe , we must promote scientific education amongst young people , improve the working conditions of research staff , remove obstacles to mobility and promote the conditions necessary for women to be able to take part in the scientific and technological field under equal conditions with men . formazione
for financing , it is not as important , in my opinion , to achieve a maximum target in terms of percentages as it is to reform public research systems , in tandem with the restructuring and the promotion of the efficacy of university scientific institutions and research programmes and , in general , with the spreading of interest in knowledge and research to renewed education systems and to effective lifelong learning programmes . istruzione
however , the maximisation of returns is achieved with the promotion of human resources , with excellence and with creative cooperation between higher education and lifelong learning agencies and the business and manufacturing sectors . istruzione
thirdly , it is also important to synergise areas of education , research and development , on the one hand , and economy on the other . istruzione
of course , as reflected in the nice declaration , the community takes account of the inherent social , educational and cultural aspects of sport when taking action under the treaty . educative
there are on the one hand programmes that are run through the world bank and un funds and are aimed at meeting the population ’ s basic needs for such things as , for example , education , health care and water . istruzione
i welcome the finnish presidency ’ s intention to drive forward the new lisbon strategy and to focus on research , innovation and education – the knowledge triangle . istruzione
the programme you have presented today , president-in-office , reflects both the strong reforming tendencies of your government and the egalitarian and innovative impulses of a nation which repeatedly tops the league tables for education , innovation and development . istruzione
finland has a lot to teach us , particularly in relation to the importance of investment in high-quality education and also how to balance economic efficiency and social justice . istruzione
we already have an excellent european education system , and we do not need to reproduce it . istruzione
the triangle of knowledge – education , research and innovation – is finland ’ s strongest card . istruzione
i am also in favour of promoting entrepreneurship from the early stages of education , strengthening lifelong learning and actively encouraging the training of workers and the unemployed in new technologies . istruzione
the issues here are education , health care , and mrs carlotti ’ s practical and good proposals ; the migrants who are driven from one country to another , those who are refugees within their own country , echo , the coordination of unchr , ngos , regional organisations , preventing ethnic groups from being persecuted or isolated , whether this be in asia , latin america or africa ; uprooted populations , vulnerable groups , among them primarily women and children . istruzione
going beyond any difficulties we may face , that is the aim of the union ’ s actions in the democratic republic of the congo , which places the emphasis on public policies in the fields of health , education and the environment , but this has regrettably been jeopardised over recent years by other policies on the part of the union and the member states , particularly in the economic and commercial fields . istruzione
perhaps what we should do is promote education , which always brings freedom and development . istruzione
as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on women 's rights and gender equality , i was very pleased to see that the majority of our proposals have been incorporated into the final text , in particular the protection of migrant women against discrimination and violence , and improving their access to health services , to education and to employment , as well as the need to pay special attention to the children of these female migrants , and the situation of women displaced as a result of conflicts . istruzione
mr president , europe has a moral obligation to help at least a few migrants reach the countries of the developed world so that they may break out of their current conditions and find a decent life , enabling them to acquire an education and profession and later return to their country of origin , thereby bringing about circular migration . istruirsi
as the lambrinidis report emphasises , there is still much progress to be made in the europe of 25 member states if we are to make a success of this integration , particularly in the fields of access to employment , non-discrimination , the education of women , language-learning programmes and political participation . istruzione
immigrants must be able to benefit directly from this fund , and it must therefore allow them to participate more actively at all levels of education , culture and politics . istruzione
the greek communist party supports the fair applications of immigrants for legal status , the abolition of undeclared , uninsured jobs , increased wages and salaries , equal pay for jobs of equal value , improved , free public education and health services and full political rights for everyone . istruzione
the report fails to criticise the eu ’ s immigration policy , the prime objective of which is to exploit cheap labour deprived of rights while implementing repressive measures that seek to criminalise immigrants , men and women who simply want to enjoy the right to live – that is to say , access to food , health , water , housing , education and culture – the right to employment and the right to an income . istruzione
finally , the revenue from oil exploitation must be used for education , health care and the development of the peoples of mauritania . istruzione
if they are properly managed and corruption is kept at bay , the new petroleum resources being exploited in mauritania offer the possibility of providing financial wealth for the benefit of the general population , especially in fields such as health and education . istruzione
there have been other cases of homophobia , for example , involving the minister for education in poland . istruzione
in coordinating their efforts , the member states and the european institutions are helping education for which the member states have jurisdiction . educativa
in my view , what is needed is to recreate a genuine state , a state in the governmental sense of the word , with a working judiciary and administration , with people who are paid and who receive their salaries and with a working education system and a working health care system . scolastico
i have spoken with both candidates and i have told them : rather than arguing about how congolese you are and about all these subordinate issues which , at base , only concern your own personal interests , it would perhaps be more worthwhile to tell the congolese how you plan to give them better access to education , justice , health , administration , culture and infrastructures ; and also how you are , for example , to implement an embryonic social security system with the help of the international community . istruzione
– madam president , commissioner , the commission ’ s original proposal was that daphne should be a joint programme for combating violence and both educating people about drugs and preventing the abuse of them . informazione
we must focus on prevention and on systemic education and the promotion of respect and the dignity of the human being . istruzione
we need to modernise in order to be able to preserve high-quality education and health systems , and to deliver decent employment and decent pensions for all . istruzione
clearly – i must say this to those who fear that brussels will decide everything : what , how , and with a single model – clearly , evidently and indisputably , the competence and responsibility for social policies lie with the member states , and decisions on how much and what kind of revenue to spend on our social systems , depending on whether the emphasis is more on social security or education or reparation , must be made at a national level . scolastici
when you look down through the list of issues and areas that need to be covered , of course there are always difficulties that will arise , whether it is with regard to long-term unemployment , youth unemployment , female unemployment , social welfare provision , protection with regard to access to housing , access to education and training , or more recently the demographic situation and the pensions crisis that is looming before us . istruzione
there is very poor access to healthcare ; a lack of a minimum social support for those with inadequate resources , there are very low disability benefits and pensions and , finally , a hidden system of charges for access to higher education . istruzione
the values by which we are guided include solidarity , social justice , access to education and health services , but the manner in which they are put into practice is left to the member states , with their different models , whether nordic or anglo-saxon , continental or mediterranean . istruzione
i attach importance to the fact that this report highlights some common fundamental values and objectives of european social models , such as equality , non – discrimination , solidarity and general access to education , health care and other public services . istruzione
the preconditions for reducing these inequities are the major social support systems , and above all making high-quality education accessible for everyone . istruzione
the commission would also mention that the alevi community experiences difficulties in terms of recognition of places of worship , representation in relevant state bodies as well as in compulsory religious education . istruzione
it is therefore also through policies of prevention , information and education and by relying on the practical knowledge present in local communities that attempts might be made to solve the problem and not merely through putting dozens of substances on the market at prohibitive prices . educazione
at the same time , i should like to highlight the need for continual education of primary health care professionals in mental health issues , as this ensures the best possible response to them . istruzione
job requirements related to flexibility , education and skills have been getting tougher , with the result that middle-aged and older employees are unable to adapt to the changing conditions . istruzione
an essential element of any strategy will be to eliminate the stigma associated with mental illness and this will require a multifaceted approach , including information , education , anti-discrimination legislation , community-based approaches and responsible reporting by the media . istruzione
the gender dimension must be also taken into account in the education of and information for nursing staff . istruzione
in this context , education , agricultural development , visa facilitation or , ideally , liberalisation , must be at the top of the agenda . istruzione
the government is doing a splendid job in the educational field and thereby giving the many young albanians a bit more of a future ; i very much hope that it will do everything necessary to enable them to participate in the european union ’ s new educational programmes after 2007 . istruzione
in the intervening period , which is set to last for some time , they need support for democracy , education , the environment and the economy . istruzione
this country needs education and strict schooling before it accedes to the european union . scolarizzato
we must achieve our targets on employment , education and training . istruzione
we have had an uncertain situation in which the international community has had to suspend its direct assistance to the palestinian administration while trying to ensure that the humanitarian needs of the palestinians are met and their access to education and medical services is maintained . istruzione
in order to create the opportunity for a positive two-state solution for palestine and israel , both sides need to be thoroughly prepared for such a solution through appropriate education , from primary school upwards . istruzione
for example , in attempting to improve employment for young people , it may be important to enact various measures removing barriers to education and mobility . istruzione
member states are also responsible for most of the other policies connected with this issue , such as education policy . istruzione
for that reason it is very important , and this autumn we also propose to support the decision allowing endorsement of such multi-professional skills , in order to facilitate young people ’ s transition from education to employment as well , this being one of the thresholds involved . scuola
our group ’ s suggestion , which was rejected , was to get the commission to give us regular updates on the different sectoral dialogues , which now cover a wide range of areas from space technology to enterprise regulation , from environmental issues to education and the information society . istruzione
we must also acknowledge , however , that china has to deal with enormous challenges , political , social , economic and environmental challenges ; it must deal with the consequences of its rapid growth and at the same time it must respond to the growing expectations of its citizens in the field of freedoms , naturally , and of education , health and many other fields . istruzione
we repudiate the so-called ‘ patriotic education campaign ’ , which involves monks and nuns being forced to make statements denouncing the dalai lama as a ‘ dangerous separatist ’ and proclaiming tibet to be a part of china . educazione
– the next item is the report ( a6-0260 / 2006 ) by mr sifunakis , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on the protection of the european natural , architectural and cultural heritage in rural and island regions ( 2006 / 2050 ( ini ) . istruzione
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this is an important day for me personally and , at the same time , for my colleagues and for the committee on culture and education because , following an entire project lasting about one year , i have the pleasure today of presenting to plenary my report on the protection of the european natural , architectural and cultural heritage in rural and island regions . istruzione
consequently , protecting and maintaining it is particularly important to the education of the new generation and respect for the european identity while , irrespective of its european dimension , its local dimension is a fundamental value for european citizens . educazione
as always , the european parliament ’ s committee on culture and education has embarked on flights of fancy in its report . istruzione
i believe that we should devote all our efforts to providing humanitarian and educational aid , because i really cannot see any other way out of the situation or any other possible course of action . istruzione
in our view , these services should quite simply cover the fundamental rights that everyone has in equal measure in this twenty-first century , namely education , health care , housing and decent living conditions , child care , information , culture , transport , telecommunications , postal services , energy and water supply , sewage and waste disposal and other needs that have become compelling , such as access to credit . istruzione
is it right that health , education , social housing and even water supply should be subject only to the law of profitability ? istruzione
those who call for services of general interest to be made subject to the rules of the internal market are seeking to turn health , education and mobility into saleable goods that only the affluent can afford , for capitalist markets , rather than meeting demand , respond only to those who not only have demands but also the ability to pay , that being the only way to turn a profit . istruzione
we will fight tooth and nail for our interpretation of general interest and against liberalisation and market forces in such areas as education , health care and culture : we have experience of them and have had it with them ! istruzione
mr president , in the nineteenth century , governments took over many tasks that originally did not fall within their remit , for example , education , access to health care and the regulation of working hours ; that was necessary as a response to market failure , and indeed still is whenever the market fails . istruzione
key sectors such as education , health and water must not be liberalised , and mixed circumstances must be allowed for where social , economic and environmental concerns are interlinked . istruzione
we believe that only a strong public power is capable of ensuring a future that is viewed not in terms of the mere quarterly profitability of shares , but over decades in the fields of education , health , transport , energy and the environment . istruzione
the eu has competence over matters such as telecommunications , transport and energy , but it does not have competence under the eu treaties to legislate in a broad capacity on matters governing the operation of social services , health and education within the different member states . istruzione
mr president , mr barroso , fellow members , education , health , postal services , water and transport are at the heart of a society ’ s life . istruzione
this is precisely a time when this intelligent technique for making services generally , indeed universally , available could inspire audacious solutions to worldwide problems in relation to water , basic medicines , education and all the shared dimensions of what is owned by the world as a whole , yet the european commission is reducing the scope of this tool for guiding human societies , if not actually destroying it . istruzione
they just want the simple things that most people take for granted : to live their lives in peace , get a good education and to be able to provide for their families . istruzione
education is central to renewal and reconciliation . istruzione
our vision of education for all – young and old – demands that we enforce the policy of full universal primary education and introduce literacy programmes in communities throughout the country with our resilient market women as key targets . istruzione
i welcome the fact that mr beazley mentioned the education portal european school net and its activities . didattico
this own-initiative report is a good way to help member states incorporate european topics into their education systems . istruzione
i entirely agree with this report ’ s suggestions , particularly on involving teachers with incorporating the european dimension into education . didattica
the june list has previously pointed out in the european parliament – and now does so again – that the member states have sole responsibility for the organisation of teaching and the content of education systems . scolastici
the european parliament has previously stated that , amongst other things , it wishes to get involved in language teaching and the adjustment of education systems to areas such as new technology and digitalisation . istruzione
sinn féin 's support of the beazley report ( a6-0267 / 2006 ) ' the european dimension of school teaching materials ' should not be viewed as an endorsement of an increased role for the european union in the education system of member states . scolastico
education is a responsibility for each member state and should remain so . istruzione
we must not forget that any decisions we take in the area of education will have a decisive impact on future generations , and on their lives and their worldview . istruzione
the european dimension has a well-established place in the education systems of these countries , and people are encouraged to learn european languages . scolastico
education is and must remain a member state competence . istruzione
indeed , we in scotland control our own education system and have for centuries . scolastico
i welcome the fact that the report includes principles that , if properly implemented , will enhance the effectiveness of all kinds of organised mobility in the area of education . istruzione
through the europass , educational institutions and employers will obtain transparent information on the progress and quality of student work experience and specialist practice . istruzione
the report is a welcome contribution to further support for general and specialist education . istruzione
the european charter for mobility should help to raise the overall quality levels of european mobility , develop recognition of periods dedicated to education or vocational training and the recognition of titles , qualifications and social security benefits , and establish mutual trust so as to improve and strengthen cooperation among the authorities , the organisations and all the stakeholders in mobility . istruzione
the june list is strongly in favour of increased mobility in europe , particularly within the education and training sector . istruzione
mobility in education and vocational training will , above all , help people to feel a sense of belonging to europe and thus to develop a european awareness . istruzione
it is now necessary to make up for lost time and adopt a series of measures aimed at removing the last remaining ( legal , administrative and financial ) obstacles , thereby deriving the maximum benefit from mobility in education and training . istruzione
there is no doubt that any improvement in mobility in education and training will help achieve a knowledge-based economy conducive to creating jobs and sustainable development , which are the cornerstones of the lisbon strategy . istruzione
this document makes an important contribution to the attainment of the lisbon strategy goals for growth and employment and , in particular , the implementation of the education and training 2010 work programme . istruzione
with the adoption of a european reference framework , this becomes both an upstream action – insofar as it supports educating and training young people to give them the key knowledge they need to start their working lives – and a downstream action , developing and updating the key skills of workers by means of lifelong learning . istruzione
i share the report ’ s view that the setting of prescriptive criteria for learning pathways or for the duration and location of education and training courses must be rejected . istruzione
there is also a political aspect to the obligations , however , and this concerns the fact that the people in the north of the island of cyprus , the turkish cypriots , are waiting for us to keep our side of the bargain and put an end to the economic and educational isolation of the people living in the north of the island . istruzione
these rights include being able to have their own kurdish language schools at every stage of the education system , starting with nursery education . istruzione
it should also be noted that although the ‘ old ’ member states attract talented people from the new member states , the united states of america proves to be the most popular destination for tertiary students or educated people from the new member states . istruite
the problem of brain-drain , insofar as it exists , seems more linked to the salary differential between the country of origin and destination countries than to the quality of the education systems in migrants ’ countries of origin . istruzione
the european social fund , in particular , will continue to support a comprehensive approach to education and training in the programming period beginning in 2007 , namely by supporting measures to develop employability and improve the labour-market relevance of initial and vocational education and training , with a view to encouraging innovation and as part of a knowledge-based economy . istruzione
the much-quoted , miraculous examples of ireland or finland are just logical results of long-term strategic policies where education , training , knowledge and research are at the centre and remain at the centre . istruzione
although estimating the effectiveness of any investment in education is always difficult , the commission is not aware of any study demonstrating that the return on investment in language teaching is lower compared to other forms of education . istruzione
to pursue that objective , the commission promotes language learning and linguistic diversity through its programmes for education and training as well as through many other exchange programmes . istruzione
if people are to live together harmoniously , the various topics concerning transport , society and education must be linked together effectively . istruzione
we need to encourage innovation in all possible fields , we need to base our economy on knowledge and education and we need to foster entrepreneurship , irrespective of the size of the companies in question . istruzione
i have the privilege of coordinating that group , which brings together all the policy areas relevant to migration management : from justice and home affairs to development , employment , education and training , regional policy , economic issues , external relations and european neighbourhood policy . istruzione
we should have made more progress in influencing attitudes in our societies and combating segregation in working life , housing and education . istruzione
there are aspects of social services which support the educational sector , forms of housing which serve a general public interest even if not expressly dealing with a deprived social sector etc . – a sectoral approach is not enough . istruzione
foreign investment must provide funds for education and rural health . istruzione
our development cooperation is concentrated on sector support for elementary education , health and family welfare . istruzione
the country strategy paper ( csp ) for 2007 to 2013 reaffirms that commitment with an approximately 65 to 70 % allocation to the health and education sectors . istruzione
encouragingly , our state partnership programmes with rajasthan and chhattisgarh , amounting to a total contribution of eur 160 million towards supporting water management , education and health , have been signed and can now be implemented . istruzione
cooperation in the fields of health and education should also be deepened . istruzione
india signed up to the millennium development goals and the eu , with our cooperation , should help by facilitating universal education , eurohealth programmes and policies to get young people from poor areas into work . istruzione
at the time , we promised each other growth in terms of mutual investments , trade exchanges , youth exchanges and cooperation between businesses and institutions of higher education . istruzione
of all the poor in the world , 70 % are women ; their gender means that they do not have the same opportunity to acquire property , land or education , and they suffer many kinds of discrimination on the labour market , and their situation can only be made worse by market liberalisation and the extension of international trading relations that take insufficient account of the structural discrimination against women . istruzione
the paragraphs that deal with the relations with third countries emphasise that women , as economic players , must be recognised in all of the activities they carry out in terms of personal , family and educational development and in all of the duties they perform within society . educativo
as she points out , women in general experience more difficulties in gaining access to education , property , credit , other resources and factors of production , as well as political decision-making bodies , and these inequalities restrict women ’ s ability to use the advantages of trade liberalisation . istruzione
women in general , and educated , multilingual women in particular have excellent communication and negotiation skills , and as managers they employ methods that are different from their male counterparts . istruite
since there are both individual and social human rights , it follows that it is justified – to say the least – that all trade agreements should include clauses on human beings ’ social rights , namely the right to education , the right to training , and the right to free health care . istruzione
they do not have the same access to education and employment , and are not properly involved in trade . istruzione
as we know , only highly educated women benefit from liberalised trade , and women all over the world often suffer from the side-effects of globalisation and liberalisation . istruite
the other great scholar i wish to quote – and i hope this makes him happy , even though he is not here today – is günter verheugen , who last week listed the ten priorities for the union in this area , one of which is of course preparation of staff , that is to say , investing in educating the public so that it is ready for the new technologies . istruire
however , europe has been slow to realise this potential and thus holds a small market share in research and development and education and , as a result , industrial innovation in this field . formazione
with strong growth projected in the field of nanosciences and nanotechnology , it is important that the eu accept the commission proposal to adopt new approaches to this industry , from education to r [ amp ] d. such actions will contribute to heightened competitiveness and development in our member states . istruzione
the ‘ european institute of technology ’ proposed by the commission under president barroso could make it its business , by means of a top-down strategy , to communicate the insights of fundamental research to the education and training sectors , or a bottom-up strategy might be employed to extract this knowledge from the educational institutions , but also and in particular from small and medium-sized businesses and to present it on such a platform as ‘ ebay ’ , with the possibility of the net being used to exchange ideas , express aspirations and guarantee better communication in the istruzione
it is also extremely important that the way in which we approach questions of risk should be transparent and that we educate people in the proper way . istruire
if trade is to really ‘ take off ’ , then such things as , for example , the reform of the taxation system with the replacement of duties paid when crossing borders , stronger public and social service institutions , better education and health care , are indispensable . scolastico
we found the united nations ’ interim report alarming , in that it showed that the targets set had not been achieved , and , while that sort of failure gives well-paid europeans a guilty conscience , to millions of people living in poverty it means death , and for millions of young women a whole life without education . istruzione
it finds that inequality continues to exist between women and men both within and outside the european union in terms of their opportunities to pursue education and work . istruzione
however , appropriate economic , education , employment and social policies had to be adopted to improve society ’ s capacity to adjust and enhance social cohesion while pursuing productivity growth . istruzione
investment in education brings an abundant return in the shape of an expanding and flourishing economy . istruzione
combined heat and power is another very sensible measure which needs encouragement ; as do education and information throughout the eu , particularly to the target groups . educazione
but certainly to look at the pharmaceutical industry and its effectiveness without placing it in the context of the link between poverty and health , between housing and health , between employment and health , between education and health , means a serious omission . istruzione
what is most baffling , and i want to make this point very strongly , is that those people who say that they want to combat drugs are opposed to taking measures to treat , rehabilitate and reintegrate , at the very time at which the scope of projects is being extended beyond primary prevention to include other objectives ; they are not therefore confined to trying to reduce the demand for drugs - which is huge within the community - they are seeking to use information and education to reach young people , to talk to them and prevent formative
they are most important amendments because they place the fundamental accent on prevention , education and training and , when prevention is not effective , on the rehabilitation and treatment of addicts . educazione
in the light of the figures for 1995 on the drugs problem in germany , i would urge that the main drugs policy priorities should be measures to educate people about the dangers of those substances which , sadly , are still all too often dismissed as party drugs , and preventive measures to tackle the causes of the problem . ricreativo
we need more education programmes . educativi
however , we have education - education to young people , to teachers , to parents ; health ; we have rehabilitation and we have harm reduction , and there is a great deal that we can do in this regard . NULL
it is up to this new committee which has been set up with members from national governments , which commissioner flynn no doubt will be chairing , to produce proper comparisons of what is taking place in each country , to look at what methods are being used to help drug addicts , to educate drug addicts , to get the drugs problem solved and then to come to the community , to this parliament , with a recommendation of what needs to be done . educazione
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the enlargement of the european union to include some central and eastern european countries represents an enormous challenge in the cultural sphere as well as in the domains of education and the audiovisual media . formazione
our unequivocal position is that although economic adjustment is immensely important , the other areas - culture , education and the audiovisual media - should also receive the full attention of the governments of these countries . formazione
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on whose behalf i speak here , takes the view that culture has to be seen as a separate issue . istruzione
in the domain of education , the committee warns everyone concerned to avoid putting immediate political gains - such as securing industrial jobs in the short term - before the long-term goal of high-quality basic and advanced training . formazione
if culture and education are ignored , enlargement will become a mechanical process that can only lead to disillusionment and inefficiency in the long run , and that is certainly not in our interests ! sopracitati
they also have to be sure that joint efforts will be undertaken to promote employment and education as well as social and health services for women and girls . formazione
it tackles many aspects of enlargement of the union , including the budget , education , social affairs , the second and third pillars . istruzione
' analyse the state of health of europe 's citizens and certain common factors such as nicotine and alcohol addiction , in the context of possible proposals for community action ; -assess the impact of the community action programmes in the fields of cancer , aids and other communicable diseases , as well as that of all other programmes in the sphere of health education ; -provide the member states with health information as regards the health status of populations , lifestyles and health habits , living and working conditions , health protection , demographic and other social factors . educazione
if people were trained in prevention , in paying greater attention to their bodies , if doctors were encouraged to educate their patients , if cancer screening and care for pre-menopausal women were better funded , there would undoubtedly be less expenditure later on and the death rate would also fall . educare
similarly , we support all measures aimed at improving the community 's selfsufficiency in blood and blood products by encouraging voluntary , unpaid , anonymous donation , in particular through the information , education and motivation of the public , support for voluntary blood donor associations , the promotion of cooperation between the member states and the holding of a european blood donation day . educazione
i would also like to highlight the rapporteur 's recommendations on education , information and the media and those on cross-border cooperation between the central and eastern european countries themselves , and between those countries and their geographical neighbours among the eu countries and the cis states . formazione
the report contains advances - regarding in particular the defence of human and minority rights , and the intention not to encourage privatization in the fields of culture , education and health , in the interests of social cohesion . educazione
a programme has been set up to educate and train medical specialists , and facilities for the production of iodized salt and medicine for the treatment of cancer of the thyroid gland are about to be installed . produzione
we need to look at local initiatives , education , training , the organization of working time , promotion of smes ; but above all we need to win the arguments for emu in our regions . istruzione
the union must therefore implement a generous policy via the structural funds and the cohesion fund , so that the resources needed by the weaker may be found , to enable them to invest in education and training , basic infrastructure , and to modernize the structure of their economies . istruzione
education , knowledge , diversity and human fellowship are important aids to curbing racism and xenophobia in sweden , the eu and the world as a whole . formazione
the motion for a resolution tabled by the committee on civil liberties , which we voted for overall , approves the commission 's proposal which has now been strengthened by the adoption of amendments which we originally tabled , in particular amendments which contradict the notion of race and which are instead in favour of the knowledge and recognition of other civilisations and cultures and their contribution to the culture of the countries of europe , promoting equal opportunities for groups of persons who are more vulnerable to discrimination , to stimulate the role of educational and social communication structures insegnamento
the passage on education and youth in the explanatory statement speaks volumes in that respect . tal
you could fancy yourself back in the time of the educational experiments of nazi germany or of the communist tyrannies , where education is used to shape the people 's political thinking according to the one true doctrine . didattici
and with regard to the training and education policy i have not heard anything about a proposal - which was in the white paper - about lifelong learning . educazione
we must indeed place a very special emphasis on education and continuing vocational training , or the lifelong learning process . istruzione
in this context , you will find that our communication has something to say about education and training as levers to open access to employment . istruzione
is it not equally necessary to tell them that we must devote more of our resources to practical education and to the promotion of vocational training ? istruzione
fourthly , there is a need to develop a genuine transport culture , promoting educational programmes in schools on the use of means of transport , safety and respect for the rules . educazione
we have to create an environment that is favourable to science and innovation in every corner of society : making the most of science education for our children , providing better links between schools and the workplace , designating 1996 as the year of lifelong learning , creating better research facilities for academics , financial incentives for research and innovation , and accessible scientific news for the layman . educazione
education and training is important , the relationship here too being two-way , since a society with a high level of education will also give rise to greater innovation , while innovation itself requires highly skilled people . for example , innovation has resulted in the information society and in a high level of training . una
future workers are going to have to learn about telematics , and this is why the task force on educational multimedia is such a good idea . didattico
the same applies to decent wages , which can also in turn encourage continuing training and education . formazione
the council is mainly to blame for failing to make adequate progress on its recommendations concerning education and training , greater flexibility on the labour market , new working hours , shorter working hours and above all shifting taxes on labour onto other targets . istruzione
on the other hand , the emi report talks glibly about the rigidities of the labour market and seems to follow the simplistic approach that labour-market flexibility means poorer wages and conditions for workers rather than improving their mobility through education , training and investment . istruzione
it is the responsibility of the members of ecofin and of the ministers meeting in florence to effect changes in the various countries ' national tax , social security , labour market and education systems rather than just talking about them . scolastici
secondly , we need to increase investment in human capital which is the most important source of wealth for our continent , by strengthening and improving education systems and vocational training . educativi
i agree with the rapporteur 's proposal to concentrate priorities or focus on such basic areas as educational multimedia and hydraulic resources . didattici
educational multimedia is the perfect trojan horse for stating european identity and the european union must accept this and draw the necessary consequences . didattici
after the 1977 directive on the provision of services and the 1988 directive on the recognition of higher education qualifications , the results of which - as the commission has acknowledged - have not been satisfactory in practice , we now finally have a proposal for a directive to facilitate the establishment of lawyers . diplomi
we should enshrine fundamental rights for all citizens of the union in the treaty : the right to a decent income , health care , education , housing , work , training , welfare services , community and family life . istruzione
this assessment is undoubtedly partly true , particularly as regards reform of the job market , reduction of charges on the low paid and adaptation of the education system , including professional training , to market requirements . educativo
it is a question of healing the wounds in the hearts and minds of those who have been the innocent victims of this war , and providing peace education aimed at promoting tolerance and respect for diversity . educazione
similarly a series of programmes intended for civic education has been organized . educazione
the community budget 's contribution for civic educational material and for the manufacture of voting booths and ballot boxes comes to ecu 2 million . educazione
the next item is the report ( a4-0148 / 96 ) by mrs mouskouri , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council decision on the adoption of a multiannual programme to promote the linguistic diversity of the community in the information society ( com ( 95 ) 0486 - c40152 / 96-95 / 0263 ( cns ) ) . istruzione
let me underline that the committee on culture , youth , education and the media calls for the modest financing basis to be increased from ecu 15 m to ecu 20 m . istruzione
secondly , functional bilingualism : every citizen must , as of the most basic educational level , be trained in the notion of the european linguistic plurality and become bi- or even trilingual . scuola
for instance , a significant slovenian minority lives in the southernmost province of austria , kärnten , and their language is protected and taken into consideration in the austrian educational system in exemplary fashion . scolastico
i also support the committee on culture , youth , education and the media amendment to increase the budget allocation from ecu 12m to ecu 16m . istruzione
let me end by thanking parliament 's committees , and especially you , mrs mouskouri , and the committee on culture , youth , education and the media for your constructive and creative proposals . istruzione
nevertheless we can accept in part the committee on culture , youth , education and the media 's interpretation of the programme . istruzione
next , the social partners must be given every opportunity to participate in negotiations on job flexibility and job security , on the standardization of working hours , on education , apprenticeship , etc . , while at the same time stimulating new initiatives such as small- and medium-sized enterprises , etc .. istruzione
that is the spirit in which the commission , too , will pursue its activities : for example , in favour of greater competitiveness , improving our access to the world market , helping with the reforms of the employment systems , and opening up new avenues to produce better access to employment through education and training . istruzione
aerospace and educational software and multimedia are the key industries and key technologies for the next century . didattici
we became aware that problems of population , poverty , habits of production and consumption , development , the environment and human rights are closely interdependent , and that whether that interdependence is positive or negative depends largely on women and their state of health , level of education and freedom to make decisions . istruzione
as regards education , the entitlement to education and the progress made , it is true that primary education for women is the key factor behind demographic change , but two-thirds of illiterate adults are women , and threequarters of children with no access to primary teaching are girls . istruzione
it deals with the problems related to population , poverty , means of production and consumption , the interrelation between development and environment and how all those subjects are related to women , above all in the sphere of health and education . istruzione
the cairo conference has very specific aims : to reduce deaths from childbirth and infant mortality , to promote access to genetic health , family planning and to prevent aids and to make primary education available to all . istruzione
on behalf of my group i therefore ask the commission to increase its efforts and to evaluate the plans and actions designed to further the development policies and programmes in demographic matters , in health and education , above all of women , in the developing countries so that we may reach the year 2015 having achieved the objectives of reducing infant and maternal mortality , and making genetic health , family planning and primary education available to all . istruzione
it is therefore necessary to guarantee and to promote women 's education , their access to employment , their health training , information on their rights as regards voluntary parenthood and access to methods of birth control . istruzione
the need for access to education and information is now essential , and i would say , even urgent . istruzione
the main priorities put forward by the commission in its proposal - i am speaking of the regulation - are very clear : to allow women and men to choose freely how many children they have ; to help to create a socio-cultural , economic and educative environment which will make possible to full exercise of that right ; to help to develop health systems which , where reproduction is concerned , will significantly reduce the risks for mother and child . educativo
the development of family planning services in accordance with the policies pursued by governments , international organizations and non-government organizations , in particular in favour of marginalized sectors of the population ; -the education of women and health education , particularly the preparation , realization and financing of specific policies in the sector ; -the improvement of reproductive health services ; -help for information , education and public awareness campaigns ; -the development of basic organizations and south / south cooperation between the underdeveloped countries themselves.these guidelines , in conjunction with the guidelines on selection of projects in the demographic istruzione
the next item is the oral question ( b4-0560 / 96-0-0125 / 96 ) by mrs castellina , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , mr kouchner , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , and mrs van dijk , on behalf of the committee on women 's rights , to the commission , on the non-participation by women of certain countries at the olympic games in atlanta . istruzione
any restriction on women 's elementary rights in sport , education and health , as in the professional world , is unacceptable . istruzione
what does the commissioner think of the suggestion of concentrating subsidies for supporting smes on test projects established by the bodies providing services perhaps in collaboration with educational institutions ? formazione
freedom of choice to have children , free access to health and education for all women , these are the best tools . istruzione
the important areas of application for telecommunications in the future include education ( e.g. distance learning ) , generally improved communications in both the public and the private sphere , the use of smart-cards of various kinds , electronic means of payment , electronic mail and video services . apprendimento
but as someone involved in education policy , i am especially pleased when i hear lifelong access to education and training being mentioned in the same breath as employment , and i am delighted that a separate chapter on education and young people has been included in the programme . formazione
as with your priorities , mr president , what we are concerned with here is the quality of education , a lifelong learning process and teacher training . istruzione
unimpeded lifelong access to general and vocational education is the best weapon in the fight against marginalization and the division of european society into a society of ' knows ' and ' don 't knows ' . istruzione
mr fernández-albor , you need to pursue a more educational line , even though your european ardour agrees with us . pedagoghi
moreover , the council considers as vital the reform of the educational systems so as to equip more people with the skills required in today 's labour market . istruzione
it is specifically targeted at job creation , education , training , environmental improvement and state management training because the living conditions of people can actually add to their handicap . istruzione
through a strategic approach which links education , training , enterprise , employment and estate management , especially in urban areas , we are empowering the communities themselves to put a virtuous cycle in place of the vicious cycles of long-term unemployment and social exclusion , and this has both an urban and rural application . istruzione
this means a rapid development in housing , health and education if the expectations of the people after the elections are to be fulfilled . istruzione
i believe we can say , without lapsing into pessimism , that , if the living conditions of the black population do not improve significantly in a reasonable time as regards security , employment , housing , public services and education , we can anticipate some unrest . istruzione
there are petitions concerning taxation matters , freedom of movement and recognition of diplomas , access to education , access to work , conditions of work , residence permits , transfer of social rights , border controls for all the people who are trying or have tried to exercise their rights of free movement , their rights within the european union . istruzione
as a member of both the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and the committee on research , technological development and energy , i have a strong interest in the link between research and education , training and continuing education . istruzione
the particularly favourable position of israel as regards educational software , which i have referred to , represents an ideal field of cooperation for the european union . educational
this sector , which is so important to training and continuing education in the future , more than any other offers a suitable field for combining the aspects of research and education in a very concrete way . formazione
the task force on multimedia and educational software , set up by the european commission , has already taken on a supporting role in relation to possible projects in this field . educational
i think it is clear that in legal matters , in criminal matters , in social matters and in educational matters the member states must allocate the resources that are essential for effective action . educativa
thus for example those issues which the commissioner referred to earlier , concerning , inter alia , the new jobs provided by culture , the media , education and the information society , should increasingly be included in new programmes so as to create genuine new jobs in the european region . istruzione
this report also makes several references to education , in particular paragraphs 7 and 9 , and it is noteworthy that priority 1 of the framework programme is developing human resources and promoting employment , with the emphasis on education and training . istruzione
my concern here is that the targets set for improvement are ambitious , such as to increase the proportion of young people in higher education from 19 % to 34 % , 35 % to 40 % within the time-frame of the programme . istruzione
in the islands unemployment stands at an explosive 25 % of the economically active population , which in my view is indicative not only of major imbalances in the system of production but also of the educational and vocational training policies followed until now . istruzione
in particular , i should like to emphasize the social fund aspect and access to education , ongoing training and vocational training in particular . istruzione
we have seen frightening figures on the number of young people who have been denied access to education simply because of their geographical location or the economic imperatives in the member states in which they live . istruzione
as for education in portugal , albeit still a major national problem , the situation is not quite as bad as the picture you have painted in your report . istruzione
compulsory schooling in portugal now lasts nine years , and higher education has an extraordinary attendance in the country ; the main problem now facing us is to give the bountiful supply of higher education higher quality standards . scuola
the new community support frameworks reflect the importance for economic and social cohesion of developing and training human resources , which should prompt us to set up an educational system with creativity and development of the ability to learn and adapt as its main objectives in a continuously changing society , plus completely non-academic vocational training which is socially valued and suited to the context of the day after tomorrow . educativo
only by means of a broad-based basic education system is a change of career possible . istruzione
therefore we must make sure that those who are educated in future are provided with a broad spectrum of basic knowledge . basilari
it is high time that the coordination of specific measures by the community and specific measures by the member states , the encouragement of small and medium-sized enterprises , the more effective use of the structural funds , and the effective implementation of educational programmes , from leonardo to lifelong learning , were expanded so as to include an important area , namely that of local development initiatives . formazione
the rapporteurs note , however , that there are legal and tax obstacles as well as obstacles relating to educational background ; most workers come from industrial restructuring in europe . formazione
society has a duty to organize itself - ourselves - to provide work for all , decent housing and free education . istruzione
what are the main points highlighted by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media ? istruzione
there will be changes in the role of teachers in education , for instance . istruzione
the liberal group believes that our main task should be to give our citizens the best possible preparation for this , through education and training , through continuing education from primary school onwards , and by setting an example ourselves . istruzione
nana mouskouri , the rapporteur for the committee on culture for this report , emphasizes the role of libraries and cultural and educational establishments , the importance of informing and raising the awareness of small independent producers on questions of copyright , refers to the desirable interdepartmental cooperation at the commission so that all discussions can be carefully linked on aspects of content and technology , and insists on the urgent need to rationalize all of this work through the collective question of rights . educative
the new services offer our citizens not only undreamt-of scope for information , training , entertainment and use of a wide range of facilities , but are a challenge for our member states and for the regions in terms of education in schools . istruzione
as has been said many times , we really do have a great responsibility here to connect our schools to the internet , to provide media education in schools , and especially to do all we can in universities to ensure that teachers are trained in media education . insegnare
nothing is more important than to make children and young people accustomed to using the screen every day , even at primary school level , and to eliminate any anxieties and perhaps fears through this media education . insegnamento
in particular , he stresses the urgent need for an action plan with priorities for implementation : research and development , bringing services on stream and promoting operational applications in areas of public interest - education , health and social exclusion - and standardization . istruzione
and that will only be the case when we concentrate specifically on looking after and educating both children and adults . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0243 / 96 ) by ms tongue , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the role of public service television in a multimedia society . istruzione
mr president , an own-initiative report by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , as approved by the bureau of parliament , is today giving us an opportunity to express our views on the role of public service television in an increasingly media-oriented society . istruzione
i would take this opportunity to say yes to public service television , provided that its terms of reference are well defined and that it meets criteria of quality and morality which justify its public financing and guarantee viewers , whoever and wherever they may be , access to information , culture , education , sport and fiction . istruzione
do we entrust the school , with its very important educational role , to the rules of competition of the market ? educativo
the television of today has a much greater impact on the education of children than school itself . educazione
the second requirement is for public service television to fulfil its educational role , particularly in terms of visual education . educativa
from what we hear , we shall only be dealing with side issues , so we can concern ourselves with the protection of young people , for example , but no longer with general public access , information , education and entertainment , which are among the original purposes of broadcasting , and must remain so in a digital age which may be opening up new technical opportunities , but should not tempt us into giving up old ingredients which have become valuable to us . istruzione
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , our colleague carole tongue from the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has today put before us an important and much-needed own-initiative report , and i would like to join in praising the quality of its contents . istruzione
the parents of pupils - and i believe that you , madam president , were involved with an organization of this kind - who choose to educate their children at a school with few immigrants , having obtained an exemption from the catchment area , will risk being prosecuted under this outrageous new law introduced by the french government . istruire
more than ever before , at the dawn of the twenty-first century , the issues of education , life-long learning , cultural and professional activity and retirement all go hand in hand , and should lead to greater freedom for individuals throughout their lives . istruzione
madam president , in this week 's european voice , german chancellor helmut kohl is quoted as ' urging germans to work harder , finish their education earlier and retire later ' . scuola
high employment also requires an improvement in general education , a higher standard of training at elite level to promote leading-edge technologies in production , better working conditions for small firms and a reduced tax burden to encourage individual effort , which for many will mean longer working hours . cultura
that requires coordinated european action on basic education as well as on training , on the mutual recognition of qualifications and on infrastructural investments that make our total economy more competitive . istruzione
we have to invest in social programmes , in research programmes and above all in educational programmes . istruzione
for education , training and further training are very closely linked to employment . istruzione
i am thinking particularly of amendment no 12 , which does away with the possibility of using species of wild fauna and flora for research activities or educational purposes designed to safeguard or preserve species . istruzione
it would be absurd to do away with this educational opportunity and to forget that these animals were for a very long time persecuted because of the negative image they had among the public . pedagogica
we can only achieve increased employment through deregulation of the labour market , improvements in general education , higher education to promote the use of advanced technologies in production processes , reasonable employment conditions for small businesses and lower taxes which encourage people to make efforts on their own behalf . formazione
education must not disregard the labour market . formazione
for example , it has laid stress on essential policies such as education , vocational training and youth and other social operations . istruzione
they were proposed by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs and the committee on social affairs and employment . cultura
innovation is thus the starting point for all educational activity . formazione
european parliament 's committee on culture , youth , education and the media is right when it insists that , where exclusive rights to sports entertainment or other events with particular value and interest to the viewing public are brought to pay television , highlights must be available on television services that are free and available to all . istruzione
i shall not be voting in favour of the report presented to us by our committee on culture , youth , education and the media on the role of public service television in a multimedia society , because the ideas defended in that report would create serious distortions of competition . istruzione
the concept of public service must not be limited to culture , sport , recreation , health and education but should also include science , the environment , technical innovation , all areas of economic activity of interest to the population ; it should also target the whole public however far away they live , even those living abroad . istruzione
a few months ago a belgian journalist , chris de stoop , published a book entitled ' haal de was maar binnen ' ( ' bring the laundry in ' ) in which he describes the dire way of life of people with no papers : on the run , often from far-right mobs in germany , from the police or the courts , with no entitlement to health care , no right to a roof over their heads , no education for their children and no income , they are easy prey to racketeers and slum landlords . istruzione
even people with no papers , ladies and gentlemen , are entitled to health care , to education for their children and to humane treatment . istruzione
however , we do not feel that the need for education can constitute a sufficiently essential humanitarian reason for delaying the expulsion of an illegal immigrant , which seems to be the bizarre suggestion contained in the motion for a resolution upon which we are to vote . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0304 / 96 ) by mrs guinebertière , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council decision ( com ( 95 ) 0546 - c4-0070 / 96-95 / 0281 ( cns ) ) establishing a european guarantee fund to promote cinema and television production . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the report which i am presenting to you today on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media was adopted unanimously , apart from one abstention , and yet this report has made the kind of stop-start progress which is unfortunately all too familiar to us here in parliament . istruzione
this is a very welcome report for those of us who have worked in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media on this issue . istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0308 / 96 ) on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position adopted by the council ( c4-0377 / 96-94 / 0189 ( cod ) ) with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council decision establishing a support programme in the field of books and reading ( ariane ) ( rapporteur : mrs mouskouri ) . istruzione
my colleagues and i are exceptionally appreciative of the emphasis that mrs mouskouri places on cultural and educational policy . istruzione
by the commission 's reckoning , and according to our own members in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , that should have allowed for the translation of 2400 works of literature and 650 plays . istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0307 / 96 ) on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position adopted by the council ( c4-0378 / 96-95 / 0078 ( cod ) ) with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council decision establishing a community action programme in the field of cultural heritage - the raphael programme ( rapporteur : mr sanz fernández ) . istruzione
now that we are discussing the raphael programme at second reading , i should like to highlight a number of points , following on from the concerns expressed by mr sanz fernández , rapporteur for the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , whom i would congratulate once again on his excellent work . istruzione
the heritage sites which have been developed are not just memorials but are also educational , creative places , as well as being genuine businesses generating employment and economic activity , no longer solely on a seasonal basis . formazione
it is therefore essential to begin considering this issue , in the light of the commission report on the state of application of the general system for the recognition of higher education diplomas . istruzione
social policy , education and training , equal opportunities , economic and social cohesion , consumer and environmental policy : these are the foundations of that model . educazione
looking ahead to 1997 , i believe that the commission will have to give more attention to educating young people on the potential advantages of the single currency . educazione
similarly , expenditure on education , particularly the socrates programme , can only be seen as critical in helping young europeans become effective workers in the single european market of the next century , able to use it and exploit it to the full . istruzione
i listened to you , mr president-in-office , with considerable hope and i believe that education and the fight against unemployment are equally effective elements in this difficult struggle against exclusion . istruzione
in every country , low incomes are associated with reduced educational opportunities for children , poor diet and health care and increasing homelessness . formazione
they are the main agents in promoting lasting development and in providing for the education of future generations . istruzione
information and education have always been the cornerstones of consumer policy . educazione
thus , the tacis programme should give more attention to health , education and social protection . istruzione
there are in fact so many people who are long-term unemployed , who are living in difficult housing conditions , who are not being retrained for employment and who do not have educational opportunities . istruzione
the capital kabul had scarcely been taken when the taliban began by imposing koran law on everyone : compulsory wearing of the chador and prohibition of any form of education and work for women . istruzione
here we must demand absolute respect for the freedom and dignity for afghan women , savagely trampled underfoot by unacceptable measures like the obligation to wear humiliating clothes , the barbaric suppression of rights to education and work or actual and sustained sexual aggression . istruzione
the agreement provides for fishing licences for 57 european vessels , with financial compensation amounting to ecu 9.9 million , divided between the fishing rights as such , the financing of scientific programmes and educational schemes such as study awards . formazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as the draftsman of the opinion for the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , i must thank mr hyland for having incorporated into his report the conclusions unanimously adopted by our committee . istruzione
there is a need , then , to institute an active policy for responding to the specific problems of education and training in rural areas . istruzione
no-one would sacrifice his children 's education - just how important that is today is well known . sacrificare
isolation and lack of basic services such as health and education are characteristic features ; maintaining the environment , preventing the costs of desertification , preserving the spatial balance , i.e. social viability , provide sufficient reason for the retention of economic activity and population in rural areas . istruzione
this is the line taken by the committee on regional policy in its contribution to the rural charter , for although there is a shortage of basic services such as health and education in rural areas , it cannot be tackled separately in each and every part of the rural world . istruzione
i believe that sustainability must be a criterion for all development measures wherever we implement them , whether in the health or education sectors or , as in this case , the environmental sector . educazione
we have seen educational changes that have brought about improvements both in thailand and in uganda . istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0346 / 96 ) on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position established by the council with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council directive amending council directive 89 / 552 / eec on the coordination of certain provisions laid down by law , regulation or administrative action in member states concerning the pursuit of television broadcasting activities ( c4-0380 / 96-95 / 074 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteurs : mr galeote quecedo and istruzione
by a majority vote , the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has retabled the amendments that were approved by the house concerning the compulsory introduction of quotas . istruzione
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has retabled the original amendment seeking to create a fall-back option for deciding which programmes may be viewed by means of a technical screening device that can be used with pre-coded programmes . NULL
mr president , my dear colleagues , in its first reading , i hope to be able to say again today , on the basis of work carried out by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and of other committees from whom opinions were sought , which include the committee on economic affairs of which i was rapporteur , our parliament worked out a good text , which defined a worthy european policy on the subject of televisual , audiovisual and cinematographic production and broadcasting . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the proposals made by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and admirably explained by its chairman , mrs castellina , show that an attempt has been made , at second reading , to adopt a balanced and responsible approach . istruzione
therefore , the approach put forward by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media is a responsible one . istruzione
i believe it has achieved it and it has in many areas , certainly in terms of how articles 1 and 4 have now been drafted by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and has reached the objective which has been welcomed by the commissioner here today . istruzione
that being so , we must reiterate that the quota mechanism , albeit with the adjustments made by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , cannot be optional , as the council would wish it to be . istruzione
the greens will therefore be voting in favour of the amendments , even though they are more limited and designed to achieve the maximum degree of consensus as compared with first reading , tabled by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and those which take up again the issue of the interrupting children 's programmes with advertising and the problem of delocalization , that is to say television broadcasters that transmit outside the state towards which their broadcasts are directed . istruzione
however , we all know from educational theory , as well as from personal experience , that prohibitions and defensive measures are often counter-productive . pedagogia
the prevention of diabetes by the adaptation of one 's lifestyle and diet in particular has been registered as one of the themes of the educational , training and health promotion activities which are carried out within the scope of the european union 's public health policy . istruzione
however , diabetes has been signed up for the first time as one of the themes for training , education and health promotion activities in 1997 , carried out within the framework of the health policy of the union . istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0309 / 96 ) on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position established by the council with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council directive amending the annex to council directive 93 / 7 / eec on the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a member state ( c4-0379 / 96-95 / 0254 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteur : mr escudero ) . istruzione
we must not forget that the environment belongs to us all and that respect for the territory must be based on appropriate education designed to place responsibilities in the hands of those who benefit from it . educazione
i think mobutu and his coterie of thugs and gangsters who are running that country , drinking pink champagne while their 44 million people have no education , no schools , no health , no hospitals are a disgrace . istruzione
however , the honourable member will be aware that on 29 march last the european parliament , in co-decision with the council , adopted a decision relating to the implementation of a common action programme 1996-2000 of promotion , information , education and training in health matters within the framework of action in the public health domain . istruzione
in response to the honourable member 's question , i should like to underline that in accordance with article 126 of the treaty the community shall contribute to the development of quality education by encouraging cooperation between member states and , if necessary , by supporting and supplementing their action while fully respecting the responsibility of the member states for the content of teaching and the organization of education systems and their cultural and linguistic diversity . istruzione
as a result , the organization of education in the member states is a matter for the competent national authorities . scolastica
i put this question down to the council because it is a member state government that is failing to ensure good employment practice in major public institutions , namely universities and centres of higher education . istruzione
i am aware of the difficulties , as i said , being expressed by these lecturers , some of whom are from my own country , who have made representations to the minister for foreign affairs , the minister for education and myself . istruzione
it should also underline the importance of positive measures to assist developing countries to develop their institutional capacity to monitor compliance with core labour standards and to increase the educational opportunities available to children . ' studio
mr president , now that women are increasingly well educated and present on the labour market it is high time that they also started occupying positions where the top decisions are being taken .  
in the course of the 21st century , european industry will find itself having to confront a competitiveness based on new priorities : education , the quality of life , sustainable development . educazione
first of all , by creating an initiative bringing together education , training and research . istruzione
as a result , the cost of transport throughout europe is on the way down with important social benefits for families divided by migration , for employment and , a better example , for educational reasons . istruzione
then the whole effort to redirect investment will be positive if , without abandoning the creation of infrastructures vital for development , as i said , we boost initiatives aimed at improving access to education and training , if support is given to small companies , if local employment initiatives are encouraged , if an active policy in favour of quality tourism is enhanced , if culture-related industries are supported , if environment-friendly activities are backed . istruzione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen . any debate on employment covers not only jobs as such but also flexibility , training and education , taxation , research and development , economic growth in particular and social development . insegnamento
obviously , it is necessary to encourage the creation of companies , access to education and vocational training , and this should meet the real market needs . istruzione
people have to be trained to use machines and therefore investment in education and training is necessary . formazione
there is a need to simplify the rules which govern the funds , which are highly restrictive and bureaucratic . there is also a need to promote equality of opportunity as a human-quality criterion in the use of the funds and also equality of opportunity in vocational training and education in the use of new technologies , craft-based industries and the setting-up of new enterprises . istruzione
the educational and information campaigns under the programme which has been adopted are centred primarily on the family , but also on schools and leisure centres , with a view to implementing youth policies capable of saving future generations of young people completely . NULL
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we need to invest heavily in prevention , information and education . educazione
this makes demands on all those who hold positions of responsibility in society , especially in the areas of education and child care . istruzione
i hope that all member states would start at the very earliest stages - maybe when children are eight or nine years of age - and give them more education at school , to tell them of the dangers there are out there . istruzione
education on over-nutrition is , to my mind , one aspect of consumer protection that has been little in evidence up to now . di
the second proposal , put forward by the committee on culture , was that people should be involved at the point where they are first confronted with europe as an issue - and that means in schools and in the educational process . formazione
special attention needs to be given to young people here , and i would call on the social partners to assume their share of responsibility at national level by ensuring that training is provided for young people leaving full-time education . scuola
special attention should also be given to the member states ' failure to use funds which could pay for education and training . formazione
the extent to which the member states invest in education and training should , to my mind , be one of the main indicators for assessing how the essen agreements are being implemented . professionale
it is quite ridiculous that the member states should always be getting more money to build motorways and so on , while at the same time claiming that they cannot afford to invest in education . formazione
second comment : the planned reorganization of the so-called ' a lines ' , particularly in the fields of culture , youth and education , should be put forward again for 1998 , but , i would emphasize , from an objective viewpoint , evaluating the effectiveness and knock-on effect of the programmes . istruzione
firstly , prevention : all the categories of persons concerned must be informed and educated . educare
there are many good points in the programme , its emphasis on information , exchange of experience and education for example . formazione
in the meantime , however , we must ensure that the support funds entered by parliament at first reading take effect , especially in the areas of employment and combating youth unemployment , education and training , the equal treatment of men and women , environmental and health protection , as well as the strengthening of democracy and the observance of human rights . istruzione
we have to remember that about 30 % of the total population of young people are drop-outs from the educational system , so we have a real problem here . scuola
is the commission aware that since colleges of education in the uk were taken out of the control of local authorities in april 1993 , those thousands of lecturers who remained on their transferred terms and conditions of service have been denied pay increases , promotion and staff development opportunities , and have also been made more vulnerable to dismissal or redundancy ? formazione
the compulsory changes in contracts which many thousands of further education lecturers have had to accept under great duress have resulted in those lecturers having to teach much longer hours to much larger classes . scuola
that is what is forcing principals down this path even where they would actually prefer to concentrate on meeting the educational needs of their students . formazione
education is one requirement for this , but telecommunications companies and authorities must also ensure that remote regions and sparsely populated areas in our member states are also covered . formazione
you acknowledge this yourself , by comparing this definition with that ruled in the united states , which includes obligations relating to the public services of education , social services and regional planning . istruzione
the liberalization of the telecommunications sector therefore means that the education system in europe , which was created with great effort and organized to be the same for everyone , is suddenly no longer what it was . formazione
but the local development plan in ireland , which we debated recently as a conference addressed by president santer and the taoiseach , mr bruton , to show how committed we are to this concept , looks at underlying causes of unemployment as a whole by trying to introduce supplementary education - particularly in the area of long-term unemployment . istruzione
supplementary education to assist in a targeted way people living in communities suffering long-term unemployment , supplementary training for those people , finance for one-to-five person job creation enterprises in those areas , estate management - because of people 's living conditions , often in highrise local-authority flat complexes - and environmental improvement : it is like five fingers fitting in a glove . istruzione
in spite of the agreement recently concluded between belgrade and the albanian authorities in kosovo for the reinclusion of albanian students in the educational system - an agreement which has so far not been implemented - we can detect no sign of any relaxation in the attitude of the serbian authorities . scolastico
let us make the year 2000 ( a proposal by the pse group which the rapporteur has accepted ) the universal year of human rights . let us do so at once in order to educate the young and teach human rights in every day life . prepariamolo
mr president , i should like to call upon the commissioner to pay careful attention to the proposal contained in paragraph 69 of mrs lalumière 's report and see to it that , for once , this proposal is actually followed up by a joint undertaking on the part of the institutions - parliament , commission , european council and council of europe ; the proposal relates to the idea of making 2000 the year of human rights and preparing a threeyear programme in advance of the year 2000 dedicated to human rights education . educazione
not all children in the union have the same access to education systems . scolastico
to enable them to do so , we must make education accessible to all children living in the territory of the european union , irrespective of social origin or nationality . istruzione
mr president , minors are still boys and girls , as we all know , but unfortunately it is still the case that in both their upbringing and education and in society at large girls are treated differently from boys and right from the very beginning they have it drummed into them what sex they are . educazione
in the context of this approach , where everything is seen from the children 's standpoint , we can also value the clear identification of the so-called traditional family as the ideal environment for the adopted child - the only environment able to offer him the most natural and suitable conditions for his balanced development and his education . educazione
in particular , the recklessness or egotism of the adult world is causing children in the various countries of europe to live in more and more precarious family situations , giving rise to suffering , pain and lack of confidence in life when a child is deprived of the loving , educational presence of its parents . amorevole
the court 's judgment was that the child was not entitled to attend normal school and should go to a special school , and that what the parents were asking would mean the reorganization of bavaria 's education laws , which was just not on ! scuola
we call upon the commission and the council to come up with active measures , pilot projects , studies , statistics and programmes designed to enhance the living and working conditions of the disabled , appropriate means and forms of consultation for representative european and national non-disabled organizations , legal frameworks for education , employment , technology , products , services , standards and public commission systems that are fair to disabled people , and due consideration for the needs of the disabled in the information society , too . istruzione
for example , in the uk , the 1995 disability discrimination act does not even give all disabled people a basic right to nondiscrimination in employment , transport or education . istruzione
we must improve them in a way that enables measures to improve education and qualifications to be more effectively coordinated with job-creating investment . istruzione
i cannot emphasize enough the need to strengthen education and vocational training structures and significantly so , with the purpose of improving the level of qualifications achieved by young people . istruzione
i would like to see much stronger financial support for social infrastructure measures which would open up new education , training and employment opportunities for women , in particular for disadvantaged women . istruzione
after all , we all know that a good education and good occupational training represent the best life assurance . cultura
the measures established in 1994 in the fields of energy , the infrastructure and the environment must continue and they ought to be extended to include other areas such as the economy , education , exchange of technology and a vastly extended social and political cooperation , with a broadening of the phare and other programmes . formazione
the dutch presidency must follow on with specific measures on improving education , more relevant training , community-based employment initiatives and giving priority to youth unemployment and life-long learning . istruzione
taoiseach , you have mentioned the importance of training and education and the connection with drug-taking in cities such as dublin . istruzione
the measures in question include , firstly , special support for the target groups of the long-term unemployed and unemployed women and young people , involving employment initiatives at local and regional level ; secondly , a significant increase in the quality of training and continuing education , to get us in shape for international competition and make us more flexible and mobile ; and , thirdly , the implementation of the programmes agreed for smes , where sound structures and a capacity for innovation will generate new jobs . formazione
my experiences in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and in the south america delegation have shown me how important it is to promote exchanges , especially between young people . istruzione
poverty alleviation , health-care and educational reform are vital and cannot be achieved by neo-liberal solutions imposed from outside . istruzione
there is also specific action we should take to improve the european forestry inventory , encourage research in forest eco-systems , develop education and training and promote the development of economic and social interests of forests . istruzione
each country must maintain sovereignty over its own education system . istruzione
to encourage enterprises to use innovative technologies and develop new products , the european union should seek a better combination of support measures for capital and enterprises , technology transfers and both initial and further education and training initiatives . educazione
if europe wants to be a future force , or rather a force with a future , it must rely on these two essential values : protecting the environment and cohesion , not only economic but also social and educational cohesion . educativo
we must establish systems and methods of ensuring that further education becomes a process for life and not , as it is today , something which takes place during the first 7-10 years . 10
we must develop an active labour market policy which includes further education and training as a component of lifelong improvement . aggiornamento
as far as teachers are concerned , in fact , the applicable directive is 89 / 48 / eec , which relates to a general system for the recognition of higher education diplomas gained as a result of professional training courses lasting a minimum of three years . istruzione
when the appointment of teachers takes place by means of a competitive examination - as is the case in france where public education is concerned - recognition authorizes migrants to participate in the competition , though without offering any guarantee that they will be successful . istruzione
subject : ' learning in the information society : action plan for a european education initiative ' istruzione
the action plan for a european education initiative relates to primary and secondary education . istruzione
it is clear that the new information and communications technologies , adapted for educational purposes , can make an effective contribution to the learning process for handicapped pupils , in particular those who have physical difficulties in attending school , but also those with cognitive difficulties . istruzione
in keeping with the new community strategy on handicaps , adopted by the commission in its communication of 30 july 1996 , and in particular its concept of mainstreaming , and in view of the council resolution of 20 december 1996 on equality of opportunity for handicapped persons , the implementation of the action plan for a european education initiative will certainly incorporate the needs of the handicapped . istruzione
what she wanted to say on this matter is that she cannot find any measures for the handicapped in what is otherwise a good action plan for a european initiative on education . formazione
in the field of educational software , for instance , where we have a small unit which has begun work , very specific solutions can indeed be found for these different categories of people , because there is not just one form of handicap . educativi
that is why the commission published in 1996 a green paper on obstacles to transnational mobility in education , training and research , with a view to provoking a wide-ranging public debate and devising courses of action to remove these barriers . istruzione
many obstacles are also being encountered because these problems are horizontal ones which involve several ministries within a government : employment , social affairs , sometimes home affairs , and in certain cases education . istruzione
if we wish to make the status of trainee something worthwhile , if we wish split-site training courses to become a kind of erasmus for trainees , which is our aim , it is clear that we shall all have to pull our weight , and i am relying heavily on parliament in this matter , which really is a crucial one in terms of an education policy for the people of europe . istruzione
however , i think it is extremely important that every possible resource should be harnessed to allow the transfer of innovation , to facilitate mobility , further training and education for trainees , because this measure also has the potential to prevent unemployment - and that is such a serious problem for us . formazione
for example , we are working with the european banking union , and a number of other professional associations , to obtain recognition of knowledge acquired not only by trainees during their initial training , but also throughout the lifetime of a worker or employee who wishes to work in another member state , to enable that person 's level of skills to be assessed correctly , even if he completed his education many years earlier . studi
we have a saying in my country that if you think education is expensive , try ignorance . istruzione
by guaranteeing the short and medium-term development of consumer associations we shall in fact avoid undermining the maastricht treaty which , while it recognizes a new consumer function in education and other important sectors , also creates new areas which are likely to remain inaccessible to associations with less clout . educazione
we have also sought to stress that community legislation should act to limit the costs of cross-border contracts ; promote the use of the language of the potential client ; promote the search for and acquisition of information by one contracting party on the other on the basis of respect for rules governing personal data ; promote the exercise of the rights of each contracting party in the member state of the other contracting party ; promote consumer information and education ; guarantee respect for the principle of mutual recognition and ensure that due respect for the regulations of the educazione
for the different qualification requirements of our education systems , and the often difficult mutual recognition of qualifications and professional experience , are preventing professional people from practising their profession and becoming established in another european country . educativi
last year , we had what was known as the year of lifelong learning , and we talked about the fact that going back into education for a second time provides people with new opportunities and / or a new career . formazione
many people do not take their a level equivalents until the age of 30 , and only then do they go into further education or to university , and these people then have no chance at all if there is an age limit . formazione
the general system for the recognition of diplomas and other educational qualifications was adopted in 1989 ( between 1991 and 1994 , 11 , 000 people obtained recognition of their diplomas ) . formazione
it was supplemented in 1992 in respect of courses involving less than three years ' higher education . istruzione
i found the blinkered attitude regarding education particularly painful . insegnamento
when i look at what is said about education i note that attention is paid only to people who themselves want to adapt to the icts rather than to something other than that : the application of new technologies to help solve actual problems of society such as unemployment , poverty , environmental pollution and the divisions in our society . NULL
this communication will complete the commission 's action plan ' towards a european education initiative : learning in the information society ' . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0056 / 97 ) by mrs waddington , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the commission 's white paper on education and training - teaching and learning - towards the learning society ( com ( 95 ) 0590 - c4-0597 / 95 ) . istruzione
in my report attention is given to three additional challenges : firstly , the ageing of the population of europe ; secondly , the danger of the growth in social exclusion , and , thirdly , the relatively low and , in some cases , declining level of public expenditure on education and training . istruzione
analysis of these three factors suggests that more emphasis should be given to lifelong learning rather than simply concentrating on initial education and training , that the problem of educational underachievement and the need for particular groups currently marginalized to gain skills and qualifications must have a higher priority , and that a larger range of actors , including the social partners , must have a role , with member states and the european union , in examining the means of creating , sustaining and resourcing the learning society . istruzione
the percentage of total public expenditure on education and training has declined in 11 out of the 15 member states in the last 10 years . istruzione
the benefits of education and training have been well documented . istruzione
empirical evidence points to a positive correlation between education and employment , higher earnings , productivity , economic growth , equality and quality of life , greater social cohesion , improved health , reduced crime and enhanced environmental awareness . istruzione
we are asking for the budgetary authority to increase funding and the commission to undertake research and pilot programmes and to mainstream education and training in community programmes . istruzione
the significance of education and training , both for work and for democratic life , requires this european union to take fundamental steps to invest in the future of all our people , young and old , and to ensure that all our programmes and all our resources are devoted towards creating a society in which all individuals have the opportunity to learn to skill and to reskill at all ages . istruzione
mr president , if education is society 's main way to develop the individual 's physical , intellectual and moral potentials , training is the organization , provision and acquisition of the necessary qualifications , mainly for professional life . NULL
consequently , education and training assist the better development of the abilities of individual people and their participation in society . istruzione
nowadays , in many of the european union 's member states , the educational systems are not well enough prepared to meet the challenges of international competition , technological change , company requirements , and the working world , so as to provide a workforce with a high level of specialization . scolastici
our opinion is that education and training should be viewed from a more cohesive standpoint , and should aim to promote and encourage original thinking and to offer a sufficiency of qualitatively trained human resources , especially in the areas of research and technology . istruzione
to promote such a dimension in education and training , it is essential to have more effective coordination of national and community action in research , technological development and education , and greater cooperation between programmes for innovative initiatives , research activity and industry . istruzione
as for objective 3 , the fight against social exclusion , we believe that the use of networks and multimedia in the field of education and training reinforces the effort to ensure equal access . istruzione
especially at this time of unemployment in europe , especially among the young , the education debate has taken on a particularly serious significance . istruzione
sue waddington 's report , on which i offer my sincere congratulations and my thanks for the pleasure of working with her , is particularly valuable because it takes account of the eu 's latest studies of education policy , which indicate that even in the eu countries the standard of education leaves something to be desired , that public expenditure on education is falling , and that although better training does increase individual educational opportunities it is still far from being a guarantee of a job . istruzione
this certainly does not relate only to the school of the second chance , but especially to basic and further training programmes , integration models , active learning , consideration for the disadvantaged , the role of teachers , and educational and vocational advisory services . formativa
as mentioned by the rapporteur , a basic education is not enough . formazione
in addition , education plays an important role from a class point of view . formazione
hence the importance of education being offered to everyone and not just a few . formazione
currently it is often the case that people with a higher education background also benefit more from education during the latter part of their lives . qualificate
we must create a society where everyone is able to enjoy a good education . formazione
finally , as regards positive discrimination , we have at present a number of vocational education programmes , some largely attended by men , some largely by women . formazioni
employees must be afforded regular opportunities for education and young people in training must learn how to handle new computer techniques as early as possible . aggiornarsi
entirely new forms of education and teacher training need to be devised . insegnamento
the european union has a key part to play in attuning the differing education systems of the various member states to the situation in order that europe can be properly equipped for the world market . didattiche
this report places the accent on the commission 's giving priority to the subject of education within its agenda and considers that matters such as social exclusion and sexual equality will be greatly improved as a result of education and lifelong learning . istruzione
the economic development which might be achieved as a result of education and training is qualitative and not quantitative and it is therefore necessary to regard this development as better not greater . istruzione
educational changes on their own cannot bring about socio-economic changes but inequalities will disappear to a large extent with education and training , since they make it easier for people to obtain better jobs and thus promote greater equality . NULL
we ourselves would ask the commission to consider the matter of education and training within the framework of an overall project for social change linked to training of the workforce and to the other social and economic projects within this great scheme to build europe - which is on everyone 's agenda . istruzione
i would congratulate the rapporteur on the hard work and commitment which have gone into her comprehensive report , and i share her view that the purpose of education and training is mainly to secure growth which creates jobs , to guarantee social benefits and to combat exclusion . istruzione
it is true that the education of girls and women has increased significantly in recent years , but some sectors still remain heavily dominated by men ; positive action is therefore required to encourage girls and women to take up education and training , particularly in scientific and technical subjects . anni
mr president , many surveys have shown , and we do not need to debate it , that education and training contribute decisively towards the fight against unemployment , increasing employment and boosting the competitiveness of the economy . istruzione
it follows , i think , that what we should aim to do is combine general education with the cultivation of professional skills , so as to create an educational system whose aim will be to teach those in education how to learn , both now and in the future . istruzione
the commission 's intention in publishing its white paper was to contribute to the debate on the future of our society , especially as regards the role of education and training in the face of current social change , with particular attention being given to ways of halting the tragedy of unemployment . istruzione
it is a matter of offering european citizens common values and objectives , in particular the development of lifelong education and training . istruzione
the first is the importance of investment in education , training and continuous training , but not only with a view to improving technical skills . istruzione
we must consider which are the most important aspects and try to strengthen the three areas mentioned in former president delors 's white paper , that is improving research and development , improving external markets - and , of course , international promotion - and improving education and training . formazione
over 40 % of all the people employed in this sector are graduates with third-level education . istruzione
it is important , when we are placing so much emphasis on one aspect of increasing education qualifications and increasing the opportunities for lifelong learning , that we provide a proper regulatory framework for employment creation in that area . scolastiche
the information society , culture and education istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0325 / 96 ) by mrs morgan , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the information society , culture and education . istruzione
madam president , the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has always acknowledged the importance and significance of the information society for our future economic wellbeing . istruzione
the culture committee was extremely aware that there had been a serious lack of focus on the content aspect of the information society and the need to concentrate both on educational and cultural opportunities and obstacles that the information society will throw up . educative
i hope this is restricted to educational multimedia . educativi
these technological developments are occurring at such a pace that it is important that we take a look at what is possible so that we adapt our educational institutions accordingly . scolastiche
that is the kind of level of education we are talking about . istruzione
we will always be confronted with the question of who will pay for the new technologies , particularly in the educational field . istruzione
the existence of libraries is a mark of a civilized society : an educated and sophisticated society has good and easily accessible libraries . istruita
this can be expanded , new opportunities can be extended to the benefit of millions and whole collections previously inaccessible to most people can now be made easily accessible at many different outlets - public libraries , schools , colleges and all educational establishments . scolastiche
those extraordinary educational tools represented by the multimedia must be used in a targeted manner . pedagogici
they must become the necessary accompaniment to traditional educational material such as books and the written word ; but under no circumstances must these various educational tools compete among themselves , for that would be disastrous . complementi
madam president , commissioner , mrs morgan 's excellent report is welcome , because it is high time to stress the central position of education and culture in the information society . istruzione
the market in multimedia for education is a growth area in which there is a need for cooperation between producers and users and for the cultural and linguistic adaptation of products in order to encourage europe 's diversity . didattica
the info 2000 programme should contain more support to this end , and the research programmes should stress the development of multimedia and programmes with an educational purpose . info
it is also essential for the commission to produce rapidly for discussion its green paper currently in preparation on libraries , and open up the important debate on public access to electronic information , copyright from the user 's as well as the producer 's point of view , the place of books and reading and the professional profile of work in the library and information sector , and educational needs in the modern network and information society . biblioteche
madam president , the morgan report has the merit of focusing attention on the central importance of the cultural and educational dimension of the information society . educativa
the central issue in this debate is whether the development of these new technologies is synonymous with progress in the science of education , that is to say , whether it is likely to reduce inequalities . educatione
mrs morgan 's report has many good qualities and courageously points to a number of dangers , while at the same time showing the potential for culture and education . istruzione
the problem arises when this structure , in relation to language , in relation to education of the mind , and therefore judgment , does not exist . formazione
madam president , the globalization of trade which raises the level of knowledge , the arrival of the information society which will radically transform the nature of work and the organization of production , together with the acceleration of technical and scientific progress are the scenarios of the future , obliging the union to reflect now on how it can respond adequately to the new demands of the world of work and education . educazione
there are two possible responses on these issues ; upgrading education generally , which is the indispensable basis for acquiring new technological skills and developing student and worker mobility , but above all the implementation of a system which permits any individual to gain access to general education and develop approaches to work by adapting training methods to changes in day-to-day reality , due precisely to the globalization of the economy , the rise of the information society and the development of the scientific and technological society . cultura
europe is lagging behind in the information sector and this is a serious obstacle to defining educational policies and approaches that are right for the times . educazione
information is coming as a genuine shock involving change in the very concept of civilization , and that means we will have to change our educational culture . educazione
it will be an imperative to adapt the system to the new demands . the socratic philosophers themselves , always seeking truth despite their scepticism , would have accepted that education must be adapted to the new needs ! socratici
madam president , the new information technologies are going to have an enormous impact on the fields of education and culture . educazione
the information society provides an opportunity to reduce the educational and cultural disadvantages of the handicapped , people living in rural areas or those who for economic or other reasons do not have access to the traditional channels of education and culture . istruzione
the member states must make an effort providing schools with the required computer equipment so that multimedia education is available to all , since many families , for obvious economic reasons , are not able to buy multimedia equipment . formazione
museums , monuments , cultural sites etc can be recorded and educational centres and libraries given free access . formazione
the eu commission , and especially mr bangemann who is here today , are surpassing themselves in the production of documents , communications , green papers , etc . , but i am glad that mrs morgan 's report raises a painful subject , namely the lack of political measures in relation to the cultural and educational aspects of the information society . educativi
but it must not just do so by giving support to technology but must ultimately endeavour to take educational and cultural measures . educativo
we must provide our educational establishments , schools , universities , further education colleges , with adequate computers and network access . formazione
we must aim to give it a meaningful educational and cultural content ; we must not just concentrate on technical questions . educativi
it is fundamental that everyone should be guaranteed access to information so as to benefit from all the educational and cultural opportunities in the public and private sector which arise from the new technologies . educative
in fact it represents an opportunity to deal with problems of illiteracy and educational failure , the development of open and distance learning and adult education , linking schools and language tuition to the network . scolastici
finally , we must continue to consider the cultural and educational aspects of the information society , the risks it presents and the benefits it offers , in a calm , just and balanced atmosphere . educativi
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we too consider mrs morgan 's report an excellent one , especially the section concerning technical and educational questions . pedagogici
we need european computer programs for education : cd-rom or internet-based . insegnamento
in addition , it opens up new horizons for the disabled both as regards education and on the labour-market . formazione
we must focus on democratic , social , cultural and educational interests , rather than economic and technological . scolastici
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i consider the own-initiative report very important , for it emphasizes my view that culture and education are a major factor of innovation and growth in the new environment of the information society and that great importance must therefore be attached to them in the shaping of this society . istruzione
the aspect of educational quality is fundamental , especially in regard to the introduction of the new technologies in the educational field . pedagogica
so i am strongly in favour of virtual parental education and of the creation and development of virtual libraries ; indeed i have proposed a project of this kind to stoa . formati
i therefore welcome the commission 's educational multimedia joint call , which is finally coordinating the various programmes more closely and therefore making them look more user friendly . educational
to what extent are the commission 's multimedia activities actually integrated in the individual member states ' educational policies ? istruzione
let me point to one aspect : here it is also a question of the educational and social opportunities of schools to have a positive guiding and stimulating effect on young people in terms of their private computer consumption . pedagogico
i think we had to stress the fact that without co-ordinated educational actions and without a cultural perspective , european information society would be an empty balloon . educativa
as the rapporteur has just done , i want to draw your attention to the report by the task force on educational multimedia . educativi
the aid in these sectors was concentrated on promoting the integration process either in material terms or in the fields of legislation or education . istruzione
i would answer mr crowley 's question as follows : the question refers to schools for second-chance education and i would point out that for a considerable time now the council has been paying special attention to the problem raised by mr crowley .  
on these occasions the council and the ministers of education emphasised the serious consequences of school failures . istruzione
the importance which the council and ministers attach to professional training for future opportunities for job seekers is evident from the fact that since 1976 the council and ministers of education have passed thirteen resolutions or conclusions on the subject . istruzione
in particular i am looking at people who are at risk , whether because of social problems and their lack of access to formal education , or because of dropping out of formal education and getting involved in crime and other activities . frequentare
why is it that we have failed to look at the structural problems that are causing people to drop out of education ? studi
finally , why is it that the council as an appropriate body cannot work together in exchanging best practices ? - because there are many member states where there are fantastic second-chance educational facilities that do not seem to be available in other areas . meravigliose
it is possible that certain general actions in the framework of the community action programme on public health , information , education and training which was adopted by the european parliament and the council on 29 march 1966 could indirectly contribute to the prevention of cot deaths , but sudden infant death syndrome as such is not specifically mentioned there . educazione
the danish social democrats voted in favour of the waddington report on the commission 's white paper which , as we know , deals with general education and vocational training . istruzione
the report therefore seeks initiatives from the commission to increase the population 's opportunities for further training both within firms and in the education system itself . scolastico
we believe that adopting educational policy measures is a national matter . istruzione
( sv ) we have voted for the report - teaching and learning - towards the learning society as it contains favourable proposals and constructive criticism of the commission 's white paper on education . istruzione
we cannot support the proposal in the report ( items 49 and 55 ) which says partly that we should combine education and vocational training within a relevant eu policy and partly urges the commission to prepare detailed action plans for education . istruzione
but it must be remembered that , at a time when budgets are being consolidated in the member states , our fellow citizens are suffering under so-called savings packages and that nobody can expect them to go on enduring cuts in pensions , in social security payments , in education , etc . , while this union and its member states leave the door open to this type of fraud racket and look on as billions in tax revenue are lost . istruzione
i also believe it is fundamental not only to sustain our training policy but also to include in the financing of this chapter the objectives listed in the white paper on education and training . istruzione
there is a set of policies which ought to be developed and , consequently , we must very seriously bank on public health policies and also the development at the appropriate level of policies on sex education , which are compatible with any positive approach to this problem . informazione
in global terms , the commission 's priority objectives which , i believe , are largely shared by the european parliament and the council , are three in number . firstly , enabling women , men and adolescents to come to a decision freely and with full knowledge of the facts about the number of children they have and the timing of any births ; secondly , contributing to the creation of a socio-cultural , economic and educational environment which makes it possible to exercise this option fully , especially in the case of women and adolescents , through the educativo
turning briefly to the content of mr linkohr 's report and the way in which we expect that money to be spent - and remember this is co-decision - some of the european parliament 's priorities are reflected in mr linkohr 's report : our wish for landmines to be investigated , for inter-modal transport , educational multimedia and , in particular , renewable energy - and i must make it clear that the committee on budgets made it a condition that a proportion of that extra money would be spent on renewable energy . istruzione
i believe it would be more beneficial if the member states invested the money in research in their native countries ( including the international research exchange currently taking place between universities ) or to support basic mainstream education . istruzione
the danish social democrats would urge that initiatives should be taken to spread the knowledge of information technology in the education system , so as to avoid any marginalization of particularly vulnerable groups . scolastico
it is only through education and further training in the use of information technology that everyone can have equal access to the information society . istruzione
unless special attention is given to women 's opportunities for education and training in the information society , there is a fear that women will become completely detached from the developments in information technology . formazione
as i said during the debate , we regard this report as an important element of european educational policy and we welcomed many of the suggestions that were made . istruzione
because , although the information society must be regarded as a positive element in the provision of a modern education , we must nevertheless remain vigilant : the campaign against academic failure and the reduction of inequalities must remain our priorities , and there is no certainty that multimedia development is always beneficial to the achievement of these objectives . istruzione
we should also like to take advantage of this debate to say how sorry we are that this review of education , so basic to the future of young europeans , was the subject of two debates : yesterday evening 's debate on the white paper on the information society , held in the absence of the commissioner responsible for it , mrs cresson , and the present morgan report of which commissioner bangemann is the sponsor . istruzione
even so , i believe that for the sake of consistency in our work , it would be as well to regard the education requirement as one and indivisible . istruzione
on the other hand , i think it is wrong to include in the priorities a number of youth , education and culture programmes , which are all areas where european policy should not encroach on the member states ' responsibilities . istruzione
education has already been mentioned . istruzione
this tells us that a basic education is no longer sufficient for our young people . istruzione
in order to compete , we must continually educate the people throughout their working life . professionalmente
this applies to younger people , the proportion of whom , in the total population , is declining drastically , though this is no excuse for ' running down ' educational measures . formazione
on the contrary , future opportunities are increased by a more broadly based basic education system , with many different qualifications and language skills . formazione
only the introduction of a parental wage , enabling women - or those men who wish to do so - to devote themselves fully to the education of their children can improve the birth rate . educazione
although the foreseeable changes in demographic structure will affect mainly the labour market , and it is urgently necessary to promote education and training measures , and above all women in employment , with accompanying measures such as child care , in the member states secure jobs are being changed into casual jobs with no social security , training measures are being cut short or omitted , and the financing of child-care facilities is being reduced . formazione
finally , i want to endorse the call that is made in the report for member states to recognize the rights and needs of the travelling community , in particular their accommodation needs , their medical needs and indeed their education needs . formative
with a little creativity , we could find other articles as well as article 235 to use as a legal basis , such as article 6 , which prohibits discrimination on the grounds of nationality , or article 49 on the free movement of workers , article 160 on education and , in particular , article 213 on carrying out checks . insegnamento
the rapporteur , mr ford , and i have tried to ensure that the house 's ideas were reflected , and i think it was a good thing that we tried to include as many of the initiatives put forward in the kahn committee as possible , and to refer to some of the european union 's existing projects and programmes , of which there are many in the social affairs , education and cultural sectors . insegnamento
mr president , the monitoring centre is a theoretical instrument for combating racism , but in my view , practical measures are still the most effective ones , such as fighting unemployment , crime and the drugs trade ; establishing a clear and - eventually , i hope - a community approach to asylum and immigration policy ; and , in particular , promoting education to prevent racism . didattico
while i approve of some of the executive committee 's proposals on education and training and on local employment initiatives , i would say , like many others here , that unemployment needs shock treatment , along with effective stimulation of internal demand for goods and services , a reduction in interest rates , an increase in research and development , a less dogmatic and ideological approach to the criteria for convergence , a way of proceeding with restructuring which is undoubtedly gentler , and finally a genuine desire for industrial development . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the commission , i would commend mrs palacio and mr kerr on their hard and meticulous work in presenting to the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights and the committee on culture , youth , education and the media such a comprehensive report on a matter which is crucial to the completion of the internal market in the art sector . istruzione
we must of course welcome the policy of structural adjustment aid , and the fact that the commission selected priorities here such as education and primary health care seems indicative of a more far-reaching policy on development aid than those of other financial institutions . istruzione
thus , for example , during the 1994-1999 programme the social fund will , for purposes of combating unemployment , be helping to facilitate access to the labour market , promote equal opportunities on the labour market , expand education and specialist training , expertise and occupational qualifications and promote the growth of employment . formazione
equal access to employment , education and advancement , equal pay and equivalent company welfare schemes have already been laid down in european directives . formazione
the right to education accorded them in vienna is also made largely impossible for them to exercise ; in karpasia at the present time , one teacher is teaching all the children of every age group , there are no secondary schools , and boys and girls who attend school in the free part of cyprus are not allowed to return home once they reach the ages of 16 and 18 respectively . istruzione
recognition of higher education diplomas istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0029 / 97 ) by mrs fontaine , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the commission report to the european parliament and the council on the state of application of the general system for the recognition of higher education diplomas ( made in accordance with article 13 of directive 89 / 48 / eec ) ( com ( 96 ) 0046 - c4-0194 / 96 ) istruzione
next , these obstacles are the result of the absence of a precise definition as to the level of higher education . insegnamento
i note in passing that directive 89 / 48 / eec marked an important turning point in community policy on the free movement of citizens holding a higher education qualification . istruzione
i think we therefore need to accept that in the long term , we can no longer leave education policy solely in the hands of the member states , and that we need to introduce rules at community level . istruzione
it is true that the commission 's report represents , as our rapporteur has indicated , certain progress in the implementation of a general system for the recognition of diplomas of higher education within the european union . istruzione
i do not wish to enter into details of the legislation which are dealt with in mrs fontaine 's report , but i would like to bear witness to the importance these exchanges can have for higher education in a border region such as mine , that is to say alsace , by which i was elected and which is situated geographically and culturally at the heart of rhenish europe . istruzione
nonetheless , when it comes to higher education , we also accept and understand the need for mutuality . istruzione
europe - which never had any concerns about education nor any tendency to make things converge , i do not say as regards teaching , but the quality of teaching in which some countries even regard other countries as having a lower teaching standard -must now face , quite naturally , the problem of recognition of diplomas . istruzione
mr president , the convergence between academic , university education and professional or vocational training , which has now become necessary , represents one of the methods identified some time ago of trying to counter the employment crisis that is now dominating the entire community , and not only the community . universitario
unfortunately , it is difficult for academic and professional education to play their full part , especially because of the obstacles that occur in the systems of recognizing diplomas , and in particular higher education diplomas . educazione
mr president , general and vocational education is an instrument of employment policy , adapting professional qualifications to the needs of the internal market and playing an important part in the fight against unemployment . formazione
the education systems of all our member states are currently underprepared and too uncoordinated to respond to this challenge . scolastici
the general system for the recognition of higher education diplomas serves a crucial purpose here . istruzione
the main demand made in this context is that the directive should also cover professional experience gained after graduation , because that is the only way to ensure that freedom of movement will be exercised in a satisfactory manner to promote education and employment policies in which our citizens are closely involved . istruzione
on the other hand , there are other problems such as the definition of the concept of higher education and the balance between article 3 - recognition of diplomas per se - and article 4 which , in certain circumstances , enables the member states to introduce additional requirements . studi
one aspect of freedom of movement of persons is the mutual recognition of qualifications and acceptance of national higher educational certificates by the member states and consequently by private firms , universities and professional organizations . scolastici
in december 1988 a general system was adopted for the mutual recognition of certificates of higher education approving professional training for a minimum of three years ' study in higher education . insegnamento
that acceptance makes it possible to retain a diversity of educational courses . programmi
the commission has always encouraged the states to gain an understanding of the education systems of their neighbours : national academic recognition information centres ( narics ) in particular have been set up . scolastici
those aspects , which are well described in this report using the term mainstreaming , including housing policy , transport policy , labour market policy and education policy . formazione
secondly , i would like to touch on education . formazione
secondly i would like to stress the special problems connected with early-onset disability , that affecting children and young people , and the consequences of these disabilities for entry to the employment market , and to stress that the eu 's education programme must also be for the disabled . formazione
firstly , to increase the capacity of economies to adapt to changes caused by globalisation and to increase the potential for growth , it is necessary to promote innovation , research and development , and to improve systems of education and professional training . istruzione
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of my group , i would like to thank mr pradier for his excellent report and mr pex for giving us the opinion of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media . istruzione
but these too can be used improperly , so to avoid such abuse it is urgent to adopt new measures and rules of conduct , encouraging self-discipline and promoting a european evaluation system , with educational and awareness campaigns for the public surfing the net , particularly aimed at parents so that they can educate their children . educazione
i believe that they alone can use the offered filtering software in such a way as to meet the differing cultural and educational family standards in europe and really offer the families some assistance here . pedagogici
on the one hand , we are supposed to have more co-operation in justice and police matters and , on the other hand , enormous efforts are to be made in the area of education so that the education system in turn can benefit from the opportunities afforded by communications . istruzione
and the final problem which i would like to put to you is to do with education . istruzione
the level of vocational education of most of our businessmen is very low . istruzione
nor is education be the main villain of the piece , as mrs torres marques would have it . istruzione
it would be rash to burn down the whole system of education just because of one finding . scolastico
in practice we see that people with a higher education often combine their careers with a small self-employed consultancy , or start up on their own later in life . istruzione
this declaration also recognises that ultra-peripheral regions suffer major structural lags , made worse by various phenomena including , to name just a few , their remoteness , in terms of thousands of kilometres , their isolation , their harsh climates , apart from other geographical and demographic factors , high rates of unemployment , education problems , cultural difficulties , etc . educativi
we should not forget the cooperation agreement on social development , state modernisation - a very important question , training , education , the environment and research and development concerning new technology . istruzione
education and training , the third pillar , consumer protection and the environment are also reinforced . sono
these are generic services , applications of collective interest concerning distance education and training , cultural heritage , services to smes and telematics for transport , the environment and health . insegnamento
government authorities , for their part , have powers of supervision and guidance , and may also become important customers for applications such as public information , health , education and regional planning , applications that may involve them at both local and national level . educazione
there are great economic , educational and social obstacles to using the networks . formazione
we initially made the mistake in central and eastern europe of transferring more money , but neglecting education and training for the people . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0148 / 97 ) by mrs todini , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the commission green paper ' education - training - research - the obstacles to transnational mobility ' ( com ( 96 ) 0462 - c4-0580 / 96 ) . istruzione
mr president , one of the key aims of cooperation on education and research policy in the european union is to promote transnational mobility . istruzione
moreover , the european dimension in education is becoming an increasingly important criterion for the quality and appeal of vocational and general education and research . e
the legal position of trainees must be such that a traineeship represents an attractive alternative to a university education and is promoted as such . formazione
nor should the member states ' responsibilities for shaping the content of their education systems be restricted by such a status . istruzione
those of us with a background in education are absolutely convinced that education is the key to overcoming ignorance and , in turn , to tackling the real problems of racism and nationalism , which , if unchecked will be a serious problem to the european union . istruzione
once again , apart from this excellent report drafted by mrs todini , on the green paper on education , training and research , only a little while ago , in the committee on culture , we voted on the fontaine report on recognition of higher education diplomas . istruzione
the eu 's education and training programmes are an excellent instrument for building up mutual understanding , tolerance and thus security . istruzione
the removal of obstacles to education and research exchanges will be of benefit to all . studenti
we are in agreement with the rapporteur when she focuses attention on the training and mobility of young people from less privileged backgrounds , those who are not entering higher education , mature students , the handicapped and persons with dependent children . studi
i can also see a danger here - and it has already arisen - that if , for example , young people undergoing vocational training are given privileged access to exchange opportunities , then inequality of opportunity in education , which has been reduced considerably in europe in recent decades , will be resuscitated as a paradoxical result of european contacts . istruzione
i also hope , however , that the member states themselves will enhance the european dimension of their education systems , rather than relying unduly on the commission 's efforts to europeanize syllabuses . formazione
i could imagine that the structural funds might also be drawn on for exchange programmes - in terms of employment policy - so as to give a fair chance to a maximum number of school pupils , trainees and students who cannot rely on parental aid for educational visits abroad . soggiorni
the amount of funding for our educational programmes should be increased to meet this need . formazione
the eu education programmes are amongst the best of the good news stories from brussels . scolastici
the commission and national education authorities must assess this discrepancy and provide us with comparative information from the member states so that we may be able to respond to the real needs of the students concerned and increase the uptake of erasmus grants amongst poorer students . scolastiche
the danish social democrats in the european parliament have voted in favour of the report by mrs todini on the commission 's green paper analysing the main obstacles to mobility within the eu in the field of education , training and research . istruzione
we attach great importance to freedom of movement for both students and teachers in the education sector . formazione
among the measures on the development of human resources included in the barcelona declaration , as adopted at the first euromediterranean conference , was the holding of a regular dialogue on education policy , focusing initially on vocational training and involving , in particular , the european training foundation in turin . istruzione
apart from these principles , we lay down in the report a set of guidelines for a uniform procedure which must be gone through when we are negotiating fisheries agreements : the acquisition of the fullest possible information on stock levels ; consultation with the representatives of the local fishing industry ; a cost- benefit analysis ; a mechanism to report back on the results of research ; and the education and training programmes which are funded as part of these agreements by the community . educativi
mr president , to create equal conditions for all people , no matter where they live , is one of our most important tasks as elected representatives and to ensure that everyone has access to work , education , care and communication regardless of whether they live in a city , a small town or a rural area . istruzione
in some respects the north sea region is fortunate in that it has many advantages , for example in education . istruzione
a strengthening of the information systems and networks on the islands would break down barriers to education and training . istruzione
therefore , i also think that - apart from the need for the council to take into account the unemployment rate and the rate of job-creation when examining the stability and convergence programmes - in order to adjust its objectives , it must also analyze not only the size of deficits but also the type and , therefore , to pay particular attention to public expenditure , in particular , on education , training , investment and infrastructures , which have beneficial effects on europe 's regions , especially in times of crisis . istruzione
a commissioner like mr oreja - it is impossible to find a better educated or more cautious commissioner in the history of the european union - has expressed his preoccupation on many occasions . cortese
labour mobility , aided and abetted by fundamental education and training programmes remains unrealized . istruzione
as the recitals in the resolution point out , it is perfectly true that under article 57 of the treaty , the commission could propose a directive which would provide for the creation in each member state , subject to agreed rules on education and training , of one or more recognized professions in this field . istruzione
it is one factor of deprivation which , along with unemployment , poverty , social isolation and inadequate education and training , blights the lives of millions of european citizens . istruzione
why should young europeans , properly trained and educated , not contribute to defeating unemployment in europe as well as contributing to safer seas worldwide ? qualificati
in the spanish case , however , the government is proposing a law making football a more important general interest than education or health , banning the cable television broadcast of the regular club championship matches at weekends . istruzione
finally , on behalf of the commission i should like to express my special gratitude to the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , the rapporteurs , mr galeote quecedo and mr hoppenstedt , and also successive presidencies of the council , for the excellent work that they have done , which has made it possible for us to achieve this result . cultura
the building of the europe of the peoples quite clearly requires that particular attention be paid to issues of health , education , culture and the environment , and that spoken and written concern should be augmented by actions and bold funding initiatives to bring genuine change in the quality of life of europe 's citizens as a reflection of political will . istruzione
small industries in urban estates are quite another thing , small workshops , etc , which are an extraordinary nuisance for local inhabitants ; another major nuisance is discotheques , ambulances , road traffic and the lack of education and consideration towards one 's neighbours . educazione
surely we want to combat illiteracy and promote freedom of information , cultural diversity and an educated citizenry as well as a fair society . combattare
staff employed by the eu in the member states , e.g. in the commission 's and parliament 's offices , are exempt from paying income tax in the country in which they live , yet they and their families benefit from public services , such as health care , transport and education , which are financed by taxes . istruzione
the individual countries will be authorized to regulate certain matters for themselves : wage agreements , culture , education and hospitals - also things that are in ordinary federal state constitutions - media , public service enterprises and freedom of speech . istruzione
one of them referred to the effect of public spending cuts on aspects such as health and education , where female employment rates are very high , and the fact that those cuts can harm women 's job chances . istruzione
and the societal implications include misuse , pornography , etc . , applications , health , education . istruzione
the necessary positive motivation and favourable attitude can best be achieved by making greater use of information technology in the education and training sectors . scolastico
i have set up a task force on educational software programmes , bringing together producers , users , authorities and specialists . educativi
the first experiments under way have shown that the gap can easily be narrowed between urban and rural areas , in terms of education and even health , and that these are instruments that can enable less favoured categories and regions to gain access to certain services . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0182 / 97 ) by mrs fontaine , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision establishing the community action programme ' european voluntary service for young people ' ( com ( 96 ) 0610 - c4-0681 / 96-96 / 0318 ( cod ) ) istruzione
in 18 months , the current pilot phase , which involves 2500 young people , has shown the merits of the decision taken by parliament and the commission : it has proved that this project is a viable one and really can help to foster a sense of european identity in young people , as well as equipping them better educationally for their future life . scolastico
for example , the fact that the report claims that the union is entitled to deal with youth policy because article 126 makes some very low-key references to education is a typical example of this . insegnamento
madam commissioner , mr president , ladies and gentlemen i must congratulate mrs nicole fontaine on the excellent work that she has done in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , in preparing the report on the european voluntary civilian service programme . istruzione
we agree with the substance of the programme and with the proposals from the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and are grateful to the rapporteur , who is proposing an increase in the funding and an extension of the age range for participants from 18 to 29 , rather than 25 . istruzione
you know that we have set up revolving apprenticeships , another very interesting system of education and training : you do your apprenticeship in another union member state and you are paid a small amount and , of course , you have to pay tax in the country where you are doing your apprenticeship . educativo
the next item is the report ( a4-0188 / 97 ) by mrs pack , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision amending decision 819 / 95 / ec establishing the community action programme ' socrates ' . istruzione
this programme was not created to hamper the work of member states but to demonstrate everywhere the added value that european education can bring and to promote the european dimension within education , thereby bringing the european union closer to its citizens . formazione
the achievements of the programme in boosting european cooperation have come to encompass quite new sectors of education . istruzione
it helps to ensure a high quality of education throughout the entire community . formazione
it is about involving schools and educational establishments across europe , and giving them the opportunities to interlink with one another . scolastiche
i wish to remind everyone of the great success which the socrates programme is enjoying within the union , especially in promoting higher education through erasmus and language learning through lingua . istruzione
so it is clear that if we really wish to give a boost to european education through information and communication campaigns for our citizens , carried out by the eu , the necessary funding must be found . istruzione
for this reason , the greens strongly support the request by mrs pack : we are calling for a substantial increase in funding , so as to send a positive signal to the educational community and to public opinion . educativa
mr president , although the eu was originally founded as an economic union , it is increasingly developing into an educational union . formazione
in view of the fraught situation in the labour market and competition from cheap but poorly trained workforces , europe 's best chance lies in a high level of education and training . istruzione
that is why we regard the development of community action programmes in the educational domain as a wisely chosen and effective means , albeit in the medium term , of combating unemployment in europe and why we consider the socrates programme to be an important investment in the future of our continent . istruzione
it is , as we know , an excellent means of promoting the construction of europe , because it creates , through encounter and exchange , an enduring basis for international understanding and helps to promote both the mobility and the qualification of young people in the education process and in their working lives . scolastica
an increasingly global economy demands the globalization , in other words the internationalization , of the education process . istruzione
moreover , i believe that greater importance should attach to the aspect of adult education within the socrates programme . istruzione
socrates can and must make a contribution to this and other innovation processes if the european union wants to remain true to its educational aims and to demonstrate that it is at one with its citizens . istruzione
the rapporteur spoke about the importance of socrates as an instrument of education policy . istruzione
education is a very important aim , and i hope it is an aim that we shall achieve . istruzione
an article on education was incorporated at maastricht . istruzione
i believe that both of these decisions have to be well thought out and carefully examined , and it is important that more information about future career opportunities should be provided in school , so that pupils ' education can be structured accordingly . scolastico
i believe that socrates assures us that future educational requirements can be met , that the education system will not disregard market needs and that parents , teachers and pupils will be well aware of the educational qualifications which will be demanded in the future . formazione
forthcoming projects such as the introduction of the euro and our eastward enlargement are also important steps for which we must educate our teachers , our pupils and our adult citizens . preparare
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media feels very strongly that in order to do justice to the programme , a substantial increase in funding is necesssary . istruzione
nor should we forget the recommendations of the final report of the taskforce on educational software and multimedia . didattico
the programme has received a particularly enthusiastic reception in educational circles throughout the member states . educativa
it is one of the most popular programmes and there is not a member state where the teachers , young people , students and schools have not heard of the european union 's education programmes . educativi
it is the case of the first amendment which draws attention to the white paper and the green paper and the budgetary priority that the european parliament gives to the education programme . istruzione
in other words an 11 % increase for socrates compared with only 0.5 % for the internal polices , also compared with a mere 6 % increase for education , youth and training policies as a whole . istruzione
your support for the community programme in the education fields will have considerable impact on the socrates programme in its current form and will continue to have effects as we develop our activities beyond 2000 . istruzione
the concern is to introduce education in eu history and eu culture , instead of education in european history and european culture or , for that matter , world history and cultures in other parts of the world . NULL
article 126 , the only article mentioned in the recitals of the proposal for a decision , only concerns questions linked to education and the education system . istruzione
that is why i am asking you , like me , to vote for this report with the amendments tabled by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , especially the amendment on the credits granted for the programme . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0197 / 97 ) by mrs pack , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the role of the european union in the field of sport istruzione
with its educational , democratic , cultural , social , integrative and health-promoting aspects , it has an enormous beneficial impact on our daily lives . educative
there is also a need to train specialist educators who can help young people from primary school onwards to realize their potential and ambitions . educatori
an amendment was tabled and adopted a short while ago calling for sport to be incorporated into the maastricht treaty , with particular reference to general education , vocational training and employment . istruzione
i was glad to hear that all my colleagues are in favour of mrs pack 's proposal , and i therefore hope that the bureau will accede to the request it is shortly to receive for the name of the committee of which i am chairman to be changed to the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . insegnamento
it should be strengthened by improved cooperation between the commission services : education , culture , research and even external relations and dg x. i must thank you , mrs pack , for your report and i hope that it will be followed up . istruzione
this formidable tool of social cohesion , education , crime prevention and job creation must now mobilize all our energy . educazione
a good sports policy , with an integrating , educational component , can limit social spending . educativa
sport is a means of individual and collective education , that also makes it possible to develop the opening up of europe . configura
sport is the first way in which a young person can find out about himself and respect his body , and will enable him later on to respect adversaries and the rules of life in society , develop his energy in a team , regardless of origin , education or language , and to forge links within the european union . formazione
apart from the return of growth , a substantial reduction in european unemployment from its present intolerable , demoralizing level will be achieved through structural reforms - especially those affecting the employment market , education and research - and through improving the competitiveness of business . istruzione
according to articles 102a and 103 of the treaty , the broad guidelines will be extended to cover competitiveness , the employment market , technological innovation , education , training and taxation , with a view to harnessing all economic policy in the interests of employment . istruzione
that is why the broad guidelines of economic policy are going to be widened - as you will see when we present them next year - to take more account of competitiveness , the employment market , technological innovation , education , training and taxation . istruzione
that means reducing the burden on the low paid , it means giving flexibility to the employment market , it means education , it means learning , training , all those fields of endeavour where perseverance and determination are required . istruzione
the commission has given the swedish department of education the task of developing a school computer network which will be used throughout europe . NULL
the initiative has three goals : to hasten the entry of schools into the information society , to promote increased use of multimedia technology in teaching and to strengthen the european dimension in education with the help of the tools of the information society , and to put emphasis on cultural and linguistic diversity . istruzione
both research and pilot projects demonstrate that information technology makes the acquisition of new knowledge easier and stimulates personal development provided that it is adapted according to need and that the educational content is sufficient . stimolano
as a result of information technology , opportunities for disabled people are greatly increased both in education and at work . studio
the same applies to non-commercial applications in the field of schools , education and culture . istruzione
there are problems in large parts of the education sector as regards the use of the new possibilities . istruzione
as a former education minister , i would gladly speak at greater length on this , but i will instead merely echo the points very eloquently made just now by mr thomas mann . istruzione
i am pleased the commission 's plan of action that we are discussing today finally prioritizes the effort on education , perhaps the highest barrier for citizens and firms to scale . educazione
what still concerns me and what i am still not clear about , is how the commission intends to proceed on cooperation with the member states and local government , on forms of incentive and financing , on the respective levels of economic commitment , on how to introduce the new techniques of keyboard and mouse into a system - basic education - which tends to have rigid programmes and rules , pretty limited resources and strong resistance to change . educazione
well , although the commission acknowledges the evolutionary and dynamic nature of the universal service , it is still refusing to extend it to include the supply of advanced telecommunication services to educational establishments . scolastici
we agree with the analysis that attributes this total lack of resources to the budgetary austerity connected with the convergence criteria for the single currency , resulting in public spending cuts that have a particular impact on education , closing classes , abolishing jobs and providing no real training for the teachers in the new technologies . istruzione
we regret that none of these reports offers any criticism of the dominant conception of education that emerges from the commission 's various communications . istruzione
we cannot accept that , in the name of progress , the very foundation of education is being called into question by the theory that apprenticeship should be given priority over education and training as a way of meeting the needs of industry . insegnamento
we are still opposed to , and very concerned about , everything to do with excessively tight private or public partnerships , and especially everything to do with privately financed education . insegnamento
the four reports before us do in fact touch on several areas of the information society : finance , standardization , education and training , the change in the value of ' work ' , and the quest for dominance by the information technology multinationals . istruzione
four months ago , the european parliament adopted mrs morgan 's discerning report on the information society , culture and education , advocating a european model guided by democratic , social , cultural and educational concerns . educazione
in the framework of the action plan , considerable progress could be made in this respect in the area of school education , motivation and the transfer of know-how , which would help make an industry that is constantly losing world-market shares become more competitive . formazione
it is currently young , well educated and highly paid men who clearly predominate in the field of information technology . istruiti
in countries in the south of the community , such as greece , the main priorities of policy are still to modernize the infrastructure , attract investment , and to educate and train the population so that long-term employment prospects can be secured . istruzione
let me also ask the commission to introduce more educational measures in this field , to monitor expenditure and perhaps also to make the award of contracts and the evaluation more transparent . formazione
we think that other legal bases could be used , such as provisions authorizing initiatives in the field of the internal market , tens , education , the environment and transport . formazione
workers , employees , those working in the educational and social fields will all need far more information than is circulated today if they are to master the changes summarized under the heading ' information society ' . culturali
as a former teacher myself , i am struck by both the opportunities and the challenges which information technology presents to our education services . scolastici
for such education to be provided effectively and swiftly we must promote the translation into other european languages of the best educational software and multi-media products made in europe , in particularly those which encourage education for citizenship . formazione
the scope for both the user and the producer to use services in the information society depend on the availability of modern hardware and general infrastructure , the level of education and financial resources . cultura
what i would like to see is , for example , recommendations on employability , on a more effective use of the structural funds , on enhancing competitiveness in the european union , on promoting training and education , on coming forward about ways to promote moves from welfare into work , without in any way undermining the welfare state . educazione
but for ankara , as its president declared a few days ago in brussels , there is no war , there is no nation of 14 to 15 million without rudimentary human rights , without the possibility of being educated and communicating in its own language . istruirsi
furthermore both parties are committed to set up , inter alia , cooperation in economic , scientific , industrial , educational , social , audiovisual , cultural and regional areas , and to create political dialogue , including certain institutional provisions . educativa
in particular , the recognition , certification and validation of educational courses and qualifications is often a stumbling block to their progress . formazione
in attempting to build agreement on these issues , we have to put our own house in order in europe and secure the involvement of the different actors in civil society in implementing sustainable development and environmental education both at home and in the south . educazione
the minister for education reappointed the candidate , the candidate submitted a complaint against me in 1993 , together with the president of the legal committee we submitted detailed memoranda and the matter was consigned to the archives . istruzione
our discussions with the commission and the council have been numerous and sometimes difficult , but they have always been constructive , and my thanks for that go to our representatives , the rapporteur and the whole of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media . istruzione
existing research and education in the field should be put to effective use . formazione
the free exercise of professional practice implies the harmonization of rules of access to education , otherwise there will be a feeling that a given country , in isolation , is determined to set a system of numerus clausus to meet the demand of its own qualified doctors , when the market is open to people from countries without the same protection . studio
however , it is obvious that tobacco consumption will not be cut or avoided by means of measures taken against tobacco farming , in poor regions , as that would only increase unemployment ; reducing tobacco consumption can only be achieved by educating people , by prevention and by limiting the enormous power and profits of the transnational processing companies , which would only have their powers increased by some of the amendments that were tabled . educazione
in order to help eradicate this practice the commission is considering a number of ways to exercise a positive influence such as information and publicity campaigns , seminars , training of councillors and medical personnel and education campaigns , especially in rural areas . educazione
i am pleased that honourable members fully realize that we are talking about production and not health , that they are reserving their attention for these matters for occasions when health , education and training are being discussed . educazione
participation by romania , the czech republic and hungary in training , youth and education programmes istruzione
we end this morning with a more practical exercise , the issue being parliament 's opinion on the participation of certain ceecs , in this case hungary , the czech republic and romania , in the community education , training and youth programmes . istruzione
they expressed the desire to make the education , youth and training complex the first link in the chain of joint action . istruzione
we can only welcome that , because education and training are essential elements in forging closer links between peoples . istruzione
my third question concerns the ceecs themselves and their requirements as regards education and training . istruzione
how are we to ensure that these programmes really will contribute to changing their educational systems and consolidating the rights of children and young people , which are not always respected ? istruzione
these various questions have guided us in our work : they have prompted the committee on culture , youth , education and media to vote in favour of a number of amendments , having considered the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs and the committee on budgets . istruzione
the participation of the ceecs - hungary , romania and the czech republic - in eu education and training programmes is a major structural step towards the consolidation of relations in preparation for their accession to the eu . istruzione
if enlargement to the east is to be conducted in a socially responsible way , priority must be given from the outset to education and training programmes . istruzione
activities to promote foreign language knowledge under the programmes must be supported and stepped up : this is what the commission describes in its proposals on the implementation of the education and training programmes as the east-west dialogue using the present eu official languages . istruzione
enlargement towards the east should not just be regarded from an economic point of view : the inclusion of the ceecs in eu education and training programmes is a key aspect of our strategy of eastward enlargement . formazione
we welcome this first stage in the process of enlargement , based on the education programmes . formazione
we are well aware of the value of these countries participating in community programmes - if they really do catch on , if they lead to genuine mobility , and if language training and educational cooperation really are intensified . istruzione
i believe that education is the prime basis for employment . istruzione
now that agenda 2000 refers to 11 new countries , education must be our first concern . istruzione
in my opinion , the education programmes have already done an excellent job , and can do even more in the future . istruzione
support for education and the possibility of participating in community education and youth programmes are certainly among the most effective ways of assisting preparations and promoting development in the applicant countries . formazione
i hope that these programmes can be used to assist the development of education systems by meeting the challenges of information technology and more generally improving the life of children and young people . scolastici
i support the rapporteur 's call for the programme committee to carry out a precise analysis of the measures initiated and their impact on the development both of education systems and , above all , of the situation of the young . scolastici
the group of the european people 's party has asked for the oral question to the commission from the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on respecting prominent personalities ' right to privacy ( o-104 / 97 ) , to be taken after the presentation of the 1998 budget . 104
mr president , with all due respect for mrs green 's opinion , i do not see discussion of sensitive issues in parliament as a problem , nor do i think that there is any inconsistency in having a preliminary debate in this sitting , as requested by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , followed by the drafting of a report . cultura
as chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education and he media , there are really two reasons why i have been able to agree with the conciliation . cultura
personally , being heavily involved in following the work of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and , above all , that of the conciliation committee , i am very happy to see this report brought to a conclusion but very sad to note the rigid attitude of member states who , whilst having fine words to say on the theme of culture as a factor of identity and in the development of jobs , refuse to invest in the theme . istruzione
the margin for negotiation between the ecu 30 million over four years approved by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media in the common position and the ecu 86 million requested by the european parliament at the time of the vote on the second reading seems substantial . cultura
in our opinion , drafted on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , we have essentially emphasized three points : the first relates to what can already be done using the existing funds and regulations . cultura
these include organizations which we more generally regard as ngos , i.e. non-governmental organizations , in areas such as the environment , nature , schools , sport , academic work and educational associations . fano
what is needed is for all of us to unite our forces in this endeavour to change today 's society and create a society where sex does not decide who is first to become unemployed , a society whose members are not be excluded from decision-making positions because of their sex , or do not have equal access to information or education and training programmes because of their sex . istruzione
it is good that everything mentioned in amendment no 20 - transport , education , etcetera - is being looked at , and the financing considered , but not all women need financial support . scolarizzazione
public authorities should make a commitment to zero tolerance and public education campaigns should be undertaken to shift the view which is still held in many quarters that violence against women in the family , for example , is a private and minimal matter . educative
fifthly , more research is needed into the causes of violence and how we can prevent it ; how we can educate our children , boys and girls , to solve disputes without violence ; how we can address bullying ; how we can develop mutual respect for the human rights of men and women and how the attitudes and behaviour of violent men can be changed . educare
mainstreaming of non-violence in education and advertising is also necessary . istruzione
the education of risk capital investors and risk capital providers is necessary to enable them to spot the new business opportunities . educazione
in our report we stress that innovation policy in the member states is a substantial part of the education system , and we point out , among other things , that in the short term neither legislation nor measures will contribute to a genuine culture of innovation . formativo
clearly we need education and skills development . formazione
so we can do something for education and research . formazione
we do not want the funds to be spent on general education , on the public in general , or on work that often follows objectives which fail to place environmental issues at the forefront . formazione
on the committee on environment we have together formulated a number of additional criteria which strongly emphasize the action programme 's aim of strengthening the influence of citizens through clearer focussing on integration in education . formazione
furthermore , colombian society is clearly demonstrating its commitment to peace through various types of initiatives , ranging from the mobilization of the population to education in tolerance , leaving aside the understandable fear of reprisals . educazione
now the intention is to revise the rulings of 1993 and add certain new elements to the problems of the beef market ; a new common marking scheme and classification system for beef , a scheme to encourage marking in the place of origin , and an educational campaign , informativa
mr president , i should like to begin with a specific point in your report where you say that 45 % of students in higher education fail to complete their course of studies . superiori
there would be a number of parallel results : first of all the number of potential unemployed would decrease and secondly we would be increasing the educational level of those young people who would subsequently have a better chance of being employed at a higher level as a result . aumenteremmo
from that it will be clearly seen that most of the member states have been doing positive things as far as developing their labour markets and their educational systems and reforms of all their other systems are concerned . scolastico
as far as the last chapter of the action programme is concerned , the title of which is " fostering links ' , i am of the opinion that the agreements with canada in the field of higher education and vocational training and also in the field of science and technology have already led to some very good results . istruzione
the fight against poverty , the search for lasting development , defence of the environment , notably the fight against deforestation , mine clearance , education , encouragement of private investment , and also the promotion of democracy and respect for human rights are amongst the main objectives of this agreement . istruzione
poverty in a country like laos does not just mean a shortage of food , but also inadequate health care , education and general prospects in life . istruzione
there will be no difficulty in absorbing these funds , which will be used to promote projects which have priority under the existing multiannual indicative programme for 1996-1999 - namely , those involving smes , public investment aid , and the tempus education programme . istruzione
they concern access of women in particular to basic services , be these education , health services , or even equal rights to participation in decision-making processes ; for the key to development lies in strengthening women 's rights . formazione
we need an employment-oriented policy mix which incorporates social dialogue with training and education . formazione
although i personally feel that job creation is mainly the role of business , this initiative can have its uses , certainly as regards education and providing funds to create jobs . formazione
we have to look at employability in the context of education and training . istruzione
it is disastrous , the number of long term unemployed people who are not in education or training in europe . istruzione
i share the rapporteur 's views on lifelong learning and knowledge , but in recent years in my country we have seen in concrete terms how the education system has been cut back from the first year of primary school right up to university level , and that selection is increasing in primary education . istruzione
some people need more education , others need demarcation between trades to be broken down and increased incentives to find work . formazione
firstly , we should strive to provide young people with a basic education which includes both a fundamental knowledge of edp skills and the language of another eu country , with a view to increasing their job mobility . formazione
secondly , mobility should be an educational requirement , and by this i mean students and teachers alike , since the latter are often not fully familiar with the concept . formatori
thirdly , we must learn to educate people to meet the actual needs of the job market . qualificare
i would suggest that annual reports be prepared to assist the member states in this respect , in order that training and education can be tailored to meet the needs of the future . qualificazione
education and training should be adapted in a much more flexible way to meet the needs of the marketplace . NULL
finally , the education and mobility of young people . istruzione
mr president , as the committee on culture rapporteur , i wish to state that we are generally very pleased with the outcome of the budget process which is a recognition of the importance of culture , education and the media in the process of job creation . istruzione
we are particularly pleased to have seen the support we have received on socrates - the education programme - and hope that the substantial increase that we have found within the budget of the european parliament is now matched by a commitment from the european council . istruzione
this treaty is already sufficiently complicated and sufficiently incomprehensible for citizens without adding to it and an effort of information and education is clearly necessary . educazione
on a more positive side , it wants to promote education and the introduction of information technology in order to improve transparency for the benefit of smes . formazione
thus the commission 's current third action programme particularly stresses the importance of health education and information of the public in the field of cancer provision as it is generally accepted that around 70 % of cancer-related deaths have their origins in individual choices affecting lifestyles and environments . educazione
this year we have had the fifth ' europe against cancer week ' , and priority number two for that was destined to be health , education and information . educazione
we have to continue to put the emphasis on education and training right through our entire educational systems . istruzione
then i would like to mention housing for the displaced persons , education , work and so on . istruzione
we should ensure these people can be properly provided for in terms of housing , medical care , education for their children and so on . istruzione
there are also large differences with regard to access to housing , medical treatment , education and other services . istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0320 / 97 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position established by the council ( c4-0481 / 97-97 / 0103 ( cod ) ) with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council decision amending decision no 819 / 95 / ec establishing the community action programme socrates ( rapporteur : mrs pack ) . istruzione
secondly , education and training are the important pillars of all efforts for the future that we can undertake today . istruzione
what we need is more resources for the caterer to ensure that none of our family or our guests leaves our educational table unfed or hungry . istruzione
i sincerely hope that in future arbitration we will be successful in salvaging the eu training policy flag-ship , socrates , and that in the future more young people will have the chance of an internationalised and interactive education , regardless of background or origin . ammiraglia
it is all too clear that the budget appropriations to cover economic and social problems - unemployment , social security , health and education - are certain to be at unacceptably low levels . istruzione
if they are allowed into the eu , they should also be able to get education and jobs . istruzione
women can no longer work , they have no right to education , access to health care is much more difficult for them , they are forced to cover themselves completely and when they have to go out it is under very strict conditions and only if accompanied by a male relative . istruzione
in spite of agreements entered into , the serbs deny the albanians , that is , the majority population in kosovo , the education and culture they have a right to . istruzione
for these reasons , we confirm the need , as already stated , to open a european union office in pristina , we confirm the need for respect for that dialogue and those agreements already effected between milosevic and rugova that should guarantee the opening and maintenance of university education systems for the albanian minority . istruzione
for seven years there has only been a shadow of an education system in this area , whose diplomas have no validity . scolastico
the next item is the report ( a4-0289 / 97 ) by mrs daskalaki on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the impact of new technologies upon the press in europe . istruzione
mr president , i have the great pleasure and honour of presenting today before the part-session of the european parliament the findings of a project lasting more than a year within the framework of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media of the european parliament as well as the findings of our consultation with all the parties involved : the report on the initiative of the european parliament relating to the press . istruzione
believing firmly in the educational role of the press , particularly of some publications with a purely educational , cultural , scientific or other specialist content , we stress the need to support a european policy which will bring the press closer to young people , even starting in the schools . educativo
recognizing the importance not only of familiarizing journalists with new technologies , but also of their continuing responsibility for providing reliable , quality information , we particularly emphasize the need for their continuing education and training . istruzione
we can also support the training and education of journalists by means of the social fund . aggiornamento
the european union should pay most attention to supporting a versatile information service , that is , one in which critical comment takes precedence over sensationalism and is not excluded from the less well educated and poorer elements of society . colti
the next item is the report ( a4-0227 / 97 ) by mr whitehead , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media on the commission green paper on the protection of minors and human dignity in audiovisual and information services ( com ( 96 ) 0483-c4-0621 / 96 ) . istruzione
but that is inevitable , because we had a very good and balanced discussion on this subject in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media . cultura
ultimately it all comes down to imparting proper standards and values , in other words good upbringing and education . istruzione
education of the individual is important , particularly family criticism . formi
in this respect i think it is essential to ensure in every member state a policy of education within families and schools , which imparts to our young people a sensible knowledge of how one copes with the media , both new and old . educazione
i consider joint training and further education courses for parents and teachers to be very sensible in this area , as in many others . in
we must raise the awareness of this problem of everyone responsible for education and training , and give them sufficient information about developments in technology . educazione
they do not realise that media education must take place both in the family home and in the classroom , and start at nursery school . educazione
joint further education must be organised by cooperation between nursery schools , schools and parents . scuola
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the new audio-visual and information services open up new possibilities for europe to develop actions in the field of education and access to training and culture . educativo
fourth aspect : activities for information , public awareness and education must be put into effect . educazione
we need the means to coordinate police action , registers of missing children and of convicted offenders , free telephone helplines , counseling for the victims , and education in schools and above all in the family . informazione
along with the specific promotion of information campaigns aimed at families and professionals in the education , health , legal and tourism sectors , therefore , we must not neglect the introduction of measures of a general social nature which reduce the possibility of criminals finding their perfect prey in conditions of poverty and social marginalization . scolastico
these issues need to be addressed in a rigorous and systematic manner in economic planning , employment policies , the development of pension schemes , education and training initiatives and community care provision . istruzione
higher education istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0358 / 97 ) by mrs heinisch , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council recommendation on european cooperation in quality assurance in higher education ( com ( 97 ) 0159 - c4-0263 / 97-97 / 0121 ( syn ) ) istruzione
for these reasons i have very much welcomed the commission 's initiative for the establishment of a european network for quality assurance in higher education . istruzione
the main thrust here is an opportunity to encourage mobility , rather than ensure quality assurance in higher education . istruzione
this should be a minimum requirement which must be met , and which guarantees that quality in our places of higher education does not decrease , but improves wherever possible . istruzione
member states point out quite correctly , however , that the detail of education does not fall within the competence of the european union . istruzione
this is intended to facilitate the search by higher education centres for partner universities , and the individual selection by students of courses abroad . superiori
furthermore , i think we must work out a comprehensive and generally agreed definition of quality within the overall drive for quality assurance , so that all higher education centres can identify with it and so that it can be used for the evaluation of student courses . istruzione
there is great deal to be said for this network , ladies and gentlemen , for transparency in the quality of places of higher education , and for mutually confident cooperation in this field between the member states . istruzione
mr president , i would first of all like to congratulate my colleague , mrs heinisch , on the work she has done regarding the council 's recommendation aimed at guaranteeing the quality of higher education . insegnamento
this recommendation invites all member states to consider equipping their systems of higher education with mechanisms of evaluation and quality assurance . istruzione
the commission starts from the principle that it is important , in order to evaluate the quality of higher education , to base it on european cooperation , on transnational exchange of experience and on the positive advice of experts . insegnamento
i fully support this view , but i think that the objective is commendable precisely because it enables us , through this evaluation , to better comprehend the strengths and weaknesses in the educational systems of different european establishments . istruzione
the difficulties in tackling this subject stem from the fact that we are treating both universities and technical establishments of higher education in the same way . insegnamento
mr president , progress in education is one of the eu 's main aims , but responsibility for school systems and educational content lies clearly at the national level , in other words , with the member states themselves . istruzione
this principle must be borne in mind when discussing european harmonization in quality assurance in higher education . istruzione
itemized standards and rulings from the community will not work if the variety and independence of colleges of higher education as well as the essential authority of each of the member states are to be respected . istruzione
the goal of harmonization in education is to enhance european competitiveness and promote the movement of students and researchers . istruzione
for that we need still more information on the structure and content of education in other countries . istruzione
in fact , as she quite rightly emphasized , the independence of higher education establishments remains a priority that must not be put in jeopardy by a desire for rationalization . superiori
furthermore , university cooperation is today built upon a certain number of programmes which are the basis for european policy in the area of university education . i am talking about the socrates and leonardo programmes . universitaria
we must not lose sight of this idea , particularly at a moment when , within the perspective of enlargement , a certain number of ceecs are being included in our youth and education programmes .  
particularly in the field of university education a process of integration should be developed , a process which is permanent and consists of many levels , and which can function without an expensive institutional infrastructure . istruzione
cooperation between higher education establishments is currently hindered by a lack of knowledge about the higher education structure in other countries , about the quality and content of student courses , and above all about examination methods and final examinations . circa
greater mobility and a networked education would bring untold benefits to europe as an economic entity . formativi
the encouragement of quality assurance and cooperation between centres of higher education , however , can only function on trust . istruzione
cultural variety , which is expressed in the diversity of educational systems , must be respected . formazione
the basic concepts of transparency and subsidiarity have particular importance in the context of the autonomy of higher education centres and the maintenance of their unique identities . istruzione
involving foreign experts in the process of quality assurance would help us in very many ways to ensure that educational levels and provision in one country are accepted in another . istruzione
finally , as one who has been involved in quality assurance in educational procedures in the united kingdom , i urge the commission and anybody involved in this to keep it simple : we do not want too much bureaucracy or a procedure where form-filling and record-taking are seen as important rather than delivering good education , which is what is called for . scolastico
if we work on this report we will help higher education , the single market and young people to get the employment that they need . istruzione
everyone who was involved in these projects , whether they were representing ministers , rectors , further education institutions , authorities responsible for quality assurance , all insisted that the commission should do something to promote eu cooperation in this field . istruzione
it is worth noting that as we have entered the information society it has become of decisive importance for the citizens of the eu that the standards of quality in education are set very high . istruzione
to promote such quality education has now become the job of the community . istruzione
it is a virtually impossible task to define what the term " quality ' means in terms of further education , given that the education systems within the eu are as different as they are , which is also apparent from the debate here this afternoon . istruzione
how can we give a single definition of the different working methods , the different basic views and the different traditions which are indissolubly linked with each education system ? scolastico
it should be noted that most of these problems are due to a lack of knowledge of what education has been received . ricevuti
i would like to state that it is the commission 's wish that this approach should be a useful tool for the players who are responsible for evaluating the quality of education . istruzione
the changes we have therefore decided to make are amongst others those which relate to the variety of the education system , the independence of further education institutions and the member states ' wish to play an active role in setting up a european quality assurance network . scolastici
this is certainly an important education process , but there are absorption difficulties for the administrations of central and eastern europe , which is incidentally an important point for the coming expansion negotiations . educativo
mr president , it is a shame that the commission 's text , presented by the council , uses the word " guarantee ' , otherwise who could be against european cooperation in order to evaluate better the quality of european higher education ? insegnamento
the crucial question of teacher training , which is very different in our diverse countries , is completely left to one side , as is a concern which seems to us fundamental , that of the future of general education in our different european countries . cultura
from this point of view , i am extremely upset that amendment no 5 was voted for , as it is a veritable condemnation of general education , more necessary than ever to ensure that essential changes do not bring about a dehumanization of our societies . cultura
secondly , to give priority to government policies on education and training , so that our young people and long-term unemployed can gain access to the jobs market with proper and effective qualifications . istruzione
mrs rojo , as you know , community policy on technical education and vocational training forms an essential part of euro-mediterranean policy as established at the barcelona conference , and its general aim is to increase the competitiveness of the industrial and services sectors , and to help the process of economic transition in those countries by creating a much better qualified workforce . istruzione
this is being achieved by means of a series of efforts designed to restructure the systems of technical education and vocational training , in close collaboration with other aid donors , both bilaterally and multilaterally . istruzione
in collaboration with the tunisian government , we have used a programmatic approach to negotiate a large project - almost ecu 40 million - which is of great importance for that country . one of its objectives is to increase the competitiveness of tunisian businesses , but above all , focusing on the network of small and medium-sized enterprises , it aims to improve the quality and capacity of the education and training system . scolastico
however , the countries in question have difficulty understanding the dual system of vocational training ( linking education , vocational training and industry ) which is normal in europe and works very well there - you mentioned the experience of cedefop in berlin . istruzione
the first is that there is the need to address the skills gap and the strategy for education and training that is required to fill and plug that skills gap . istruzione
in the draft guidelines submitted to the european council the commission has identified three areas of attack that we need to improve : the basic education of young people setting out on their working life , because that lays the foundation for the adaptable and employable workforce of the future . formazione
however , as living standards increase , witness hong kong and korea , women again become threatened by unemployment , particularly when there is a demand for technical and educational qualifications , which are often denied to women . istruzione
in belgium , for example , only the federal states of flanders and walloon each for itself and separately have constitutional powers over culture , education , planning , the environment , scientific research , structural funds , transport , and so on . istruzione
on the other hand , a transatlantic conference entitled ' building a bridge across the atlantic ' was held in may in washington , and brought together experts in civil society , education , youth and culture , in electronic trade and parliamentary links , from both sides of the atlantic . istruzione
we have to look at new ways : people-to-people links , education establishments , diplomats , politicians and trade negotiators working more closely to try to make the congress understand that this relationship between europe and the united states is so important for our mutual future . educative
the basis for every society which wants to guarantee people jobs , a good education , a good environment , social justice and solidarity with the people of poor countries , is that its political system is popular and democratically legitimate . istruzione
efficiency through education , that is the motto for the tax system in the single market . formazione
furthermore , i should like to draw attention to the importance of having global and coherent policies in the social , youth and education fields , aimed at preventing organized crime . istruzione
on the other hand , this embargo , our embargo is overwhelming the population by its devastating effects on food supplies , care and education . istruzione
a democratic opening would make the way clear , however , for cooperation with the neighbouring states of benin , burkina faso , ghana and ivory coast , who are all already several stages further along the road to constitutional government , recognition of human rights and education of a pluralist society . formazione
democracy and development ought to have led to more education and a prolongation of the duration of schooling . istruzione
the rapporteur clearly states that changes are needed ; but this cannot prevent us from seeing the favourable impact this european social fund has had on integration , particularly between the training and education system and the in-service training system ; it has had a significant impact on the overall system of governing training policies that have been reinforced in our countries . istruzione
only too often member states reach for the till , and the netherlands is no exception ; i myself haven been involved as chair of a regional employment policy board , and then you see that national financial problems are solved through this fund , that money goes to regular education projects , and that money is used to compensate for cuts to an organization like the regional employment policy board . educativi
first of all , within the less developed regions it is an important motor for the improvement of systems , education , training and retraining . insegnamento
the other day , i referred to educational action , but it will also have to take action at the level of international agreements , in order to ensure that the total fishing effort in the waters of the developing countries does not lead to the destruction of fisheries stocks . educativo
mr president , as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on youth , culture , education and the media on the oostlander , barón crespo and colom i naval reports , i welcome the fact that in agenda 2000 the commission describes enlargement as a challenge for the union and as an opportunity vis-à-vis its security , economy , culture and its position in the world . cultura
education and culture are an important component of confidence-building measures to secure an enlarged union . istruzione
therefore we regard the spheres of education and culture as particularly important in an age where nations are planning to draw close together . istruzione
a clear sign of this is that the applicants for membership are already taking part in cultural and educational programmes and have a particular interest in the community programmes socrates , leonardo , and youth for europe . istruzione
therefore , in the view of the committee on youth , culture , education and the media , it is absolutely essential to increase the financial resources for these programmes . istruzione
this amendment was unfortunately not accepted but at least the declaration of intent , that the promotion of cultural and educational programmes are of equal importance for both member states and applicants . istruzione
here i would like to appeal to everybody , but above all to the committee on budgets to raise the budgetary resources in real terms from the present total of 0.48 % of the total budget for general professional education , culture , media and information , because it is precisely in the realm of educational and cultural policies , quite significant effects can be wrought with only small financial resources . formazione
the basic principle , the culture and education are the key to the success of rapprochement strategies , has been recognized , and i therefore ask the eu institutions to accept our motion and also to deal with cultural and educational topics at the european conference . NULL
it is also accepted and obvious , that cultural and educational policies not only create jobs but also exert a significant influence on the quality of life , the strengthening of community solidarity , of union citizenship and of democracy itself . istruzione
so it is important to me that our european parliament , which i belong to , accepts our amendment tomorrow and raises the status of education and culture in an enlarged union . istruzione
despite the statistics , however , these countries are not considered to be developing countries as far as their educational systems , health care arrangements and existent infrastructure are concerned , although they are in pretty poor shape in many respects . scolastico
we have generated a great deal of energy but i suspect that history may show that the details of the debate are less important than its educational effect . istruttivo
firstly - as has been stated - there is the question of further and continued education . professionale
i would also like to mention - which has partly been forgotten - that further education is needed for our management too . aggiornamento
i think the rapporteur hits the nail on the head when he warns that there will be two classes in future : an underclass of untrained , vulnerable and mainly female workers , who will typically be homeworkers ; and , on the other hand , a highly educated overclass enjoying all the benefits of the new technology . usufruisce
coordination and cooperation on a european level is necessary , when protecting victims , when prosecuting and punishing perpetrators , when informing and educating people through , for example , eu embassies in third countries , in strengthening the role of ngos and through support of women 's organizations in the countries involved . punizione
let us simply express the hope that the opening of the european union to these countries will enhance our ability to control this problem , especially as women from the central and eastern european countries who are involved in this trafficking are young and educated , and therefore should have better chances of entering the employment market . istruite
on the other hand , women from the developing countries are older , less well educated and have poorer prospects for the future . istruite
we have achieved our priorities in the area of culture and education . istruzione
madam president , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , i would like to thank the committee on budgets on this occasion for the great work that they have achieved in securing ecu 70 million over two years for the socrates programme . istruzione
the amounts granted at the end recognize the role of education in enhancing job creation . istruzione
france will pay 91 billion francs in 1998 . this is the fifth largest slice of the nation 's budget , after the national education system , national defence , social affairs , and infrastructure . istruzione
almost nothing on social welfare , on health , on education , on culture , the things which constitute a united europe , not just ecu and figures , when we forget that behind the ecu and the figures there are people . istruzione
i believe we have to try to support the educational process through socrates and other programmes . istruzione
we have increased the research grants , we have increased the funds for education , and we are trying to support those that are efficient to create new jobs . istruzione
the joint r & d policy , in contrast , should assist in reducing the disparities that exist between the regions in the area of r & d , especially by the third measure -dissemination and use of findings -and the fourth measure - education and mobility of scientists . formazione
consequently , the culture committee 's proposals , which aimed for an improvement in education and cultural opportunities , especially in regard to the digitalization and virtualization of libraries and museums , as well as the creation of new interactive modes of access , have not been approved . formazione
the whole of society benefits from motorways and higher education , but these are semi-public goods with private benefits for people who travel or those who will earn more afterwards as a result of the degrees they gain . insegnamento
it is inappropriate to use ideas of economic efficiency when the activity concerns core activities in public services , such as nursing , caring and education . insegnamento
retraining and further education , training and jobs will be made possible for young people under 25 within six months , and for the long-term unemployed within one year . giovani
according to information from the french association of language teachers , the national union of secondary school teachers and the toulouse regional classics teaching association , moves are being made by the french minister of education , claude allegre , to abolish the teaching of ancient greek as part of the educational reforms scheduled for the beginning of 1998 . istruzione
as mr alavanos states , responsibility for the content of education and the organization of an education system remain within the jurisdiction of member states . insegnamento
in accordance with the relevant article of the treaty , the community contributes to the development of a quality education by encouraging cooperation between member states and , if necessary , by supporting and completing their actions , whilst fully respecting their responsibilities . istruzione
furthermore article 126 of the treaty states , in paragraph 2 , that community action aims at developing the european dimension in education , in particular by apprenticeships and the diffusion of the languages of the member states . istruzione
it is furthermore not for the council to intervene in the content and organization of the education system of a member state . educativo
it even insisted on the implementation of the education agreement concluded between mr milosevic and mr rugova without delay . istruzione
it is vital that young people and children are completely separated from that world , from addiction to that world and education and training are needed for this . educazione
the aims of providing proper and accurate information , of encouraging health promotion and education initiatives , of using excise systems to help health measures and of removing temptation in the form of vending machines which are too accessible are not just worthy wishes but practical , effective , proven steps forward . sensibilizzazione
measures are required to bring about a reduction in imports of tobacco products from the usa , a coordinated front to combat tobacco smuggling , an end to indirect advertising of large tobacco conglomerates , in parallel with interventions at a cultural and educational level , which will contribute to the fight against smoking . educativo
for this reason i would support any education or advertising initiatives that will dissuade young people from ever starting this bad habit . pubblicitaria
after three coups the country is totally disrupted , its facilities for housing , education , and health care have been seriously damaged , and food supplies are extremely sparse . scolastico
high priority should be given to the interface between education and training on the one hand and the workplace on the other , as this is an area where the eu is clearly lagging behind other leading world economies . istruzione
this can be extremely educational , and will give rise to proper improvements . istruttiva
i agree with the general tenor of this , but at the same time i set store by the fact that it is not industry which determines the substance of educational programmes and learning targets . studio
finally , i would like to draw the commission 's attention to the need to develop the means for space education . educazione
but the public needs to be informed , and education is the best way of doing this . istruzione
like my colleagues i would like to emphasize the role for space education . istruzione
mr president , mr desama 's report largely covers the field of scientific , ethnological and financial problems by usefully - in terms of our own education - emphasizing not only the communication from the commission , which is the least important , but also the resolutions adopted by the european parliament between 1979 and 1994 . etnologici
it is essential that information , training and education campaigns are put in place for all our citizens as well as businesses . formazione
firstly , emphasis should be placed on the critical components of education and training in all sectors of social life , beginning with schools , universities , consumers ' associations , associations of older people , etc . istruzione
in an era of multinational companies , workers should also be able to communicate , to promote their ideas about education and training , social protection and healthy jobs . formazione
that means that education and prevention are perhaps the best way in which to try to reduce the incidence of the disease , at least in africa . informazione
you can also rest assured that before the formal presentation on 1 may , i will try to have a meeting with the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , so that we can exchange views on the matter . istruzione
such action shall cover the fight against the major health scourges by improving research into the causes , their transmission and prevention , as well as health information and education . educazione
mr president , madam commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , no-one doubts that the new information and communication technologies can have positive effects on education and training , on changing times and the organization of work , on business modernization at the most varied levels , and consequently on people 's increased opportunities for free time and leisure . educazione
the recommendations set out in the report drawn up by mrs sierra gonzález - whom i congratulate warmly although there are no more than half a dozen of us here - the recommendations set out in the report , as i was saying , for the structural funds to play a far more substantial part in the materialization and construction of infrastructures , in education , training and research-related aspects , naturally deserve our full support . istruzione
in particular , i would ask not just the commission but the council to be involved here and to ensure that the suppliers of education , particularly to schools , allow free access . educativo
it is certainly well worthwhile using information and best-practices technology to make the most of the opportunities available , but to do so we first have to draw attention to the fact that these opportunities exist , and implement a suitable awareness and education programme . practices
to this effect we require practical assistance , which includes not only investment in infrastructure but also the provision of education and training schemes to enable people to obtain the necessary job qualifications . formazione
it is vitally important that the european institutions , as well as national governments , undertake a comprehensive process of education amongst all sectors of the population and not just amongst the financial and business community , as seems to be mainly the case at present . informazione
nothing has been done with regard to a convergence of education , vocational training that actually brings the citizens closer to progress and actually makes europe more open , more able to defend itself against the threats of a global economy . educativi
but may i start by pointing out that luxembourg truly meant a lot more than education , education , education , and emu . teorie
employability is vital both for a competitive labour market and to provide people with security of employment by equipping them with the education and skills they need to adapt to a changing labour market ' . istruzione
there is , without doubt , clear recognition by the european union , member states and the social partners of the need for greater access to education and training for adults in order to increase employability , job security , flexibility and competitiveness . istruzione
the employment committee is suggesting that ' showcases ' of good practice should be presented at education and training fairs across the eu . istruzione
firstly , we deeply regret the fact that in the european commission 's report no survey had been held within a number of sectors which are so very important to women , such as public administration , health and education . istruzione
there is also a risk of such an inequality in the new society , if we do not ensure that everybody benefits from education . formazione
education is going to be increasingly important . formazione
if we are to have an equal society in future we must ensure than everyone , men and women , those who are now poorly educated , the unemployed and others can share in the education society , can share in basic education and can share in life-long learning . qualificati
the other factor is that we must ensure that when we obtain an education we obtain one which can be used for a long time . formazione
there has to be a broad basic education , because society is changing ever more rapidly . istruzione
it is not possible to have a quick education . formazione
working life and education must be fully integrated . formazione
the most important question if we are to develop new organizations of work is to have a welleducated workforce , and a workforce with a broad education , because organizations of work are going to have to be changed according to the needs of the time . formato
firstly , it is essential to the success of any programme that the people who provide the training - the experts , whether they be educational or vocational - should be included in the decision-making on the types of programmes to be involved . istruzione
it seems to me to be a total waste of valuable intelligence that a lot of the educational facilities and fora are left out of the negotiations on new programmes . istruzione
i have a feeling that the degree in which it is thought that education can be used to a certain extent in competition policy , plays a part in the dissemination of information . istruzione
opportunities for adult education and training are becoming more and more vital with ageing populations and increased demands at work . invecchiamento
the report also states that training must be targeted at women , the unemployed , the poorly educated , and older workers . disoccupati
i myself would like to remind everyone particularly of the right older employees have to further education and training . formazione
a lot of good things are written about life-long learning , about further education and about education in general . formazione
there is no great disagreement about the necessity and value of further education . formazione
this issue has also come very much into focus now in connection with the summit in luxembourg where people also discussed and focused on how important further education and labour market training are . formazione
we can really question whether education has improved . formazione
we all know that basic education is a precondition for people to be able to benefit from further education . istruzione
but still there are daily cutbacks in basic education in schools . scolastico
i would like to stress that we all have to accept our political responsibility when it comes to safeguarding a good basic education as a precondition for being able to take advantage of life-long learning . scuola
where the social partners are concerned , as is taken up in the report , it appears as if their discussions about the level at which decisions about further education should be taken have stalled . formazione
i do not believe that is a good way to proceed , because it will become apparent that countries , or societies , which do not invest in further education and good education are the major losers . istruzione
the subject of education and training is certainly one of the most fascinating and important for the cohesion and advance of any evolved society and , on the eve of the twenty-first century , i think we must find a new way of dealing with some of the tensions and contradictions we have before us and which only education and training can help us overcome . NULL
and at least the correct analysis of these three elements can lead to more focussed reflection on the problem of continuous education and training , which must become a central objective of the action of the european union and the initiative to be adopted at all levels , european and national . istruzione
the lack of infrastructure and appropriate equipment to make the most of the potential offered by today 's electronic systems and multimedia , especially in remote areas which have considerable difficulty in connecting up to central networks because of the high costs involved , as well as the lack of education and training in their perfection and use , constitute a negative factor for development leading to an extension of the gap between the information haves and have-nots . istruzione
it is very important to focus attention on continuing training and further education in the present time , when adaptability and flexibility are of crucial importance for the chances of workers to cope in a constantly changing employment market . formazione
the oecd has pointed out that the best aid for less-developed countries is education for women , not least because there is an inverse relationship between how highly women are educated and the birth rate . istruzione
and the social structure cannot develop either because there are not enough resources for education and standards are steadily declining . istruzione
the second , and perhaps even more important point is education and further education in these areas . formazione
we should think about what education and further education structure we can offer in these areas . istruzione
lastly , at a human level , we are taking into account , as necessary , the needs of the yemeni people ; they are extremely poor in comparison to us , and the emphasis is being placed on education and technical assistance , as well as the mandatory continuation of aid which contributes to the improvement of local rural development and the standard of living of the most disadvantaged people . formazione
the promotion of education throughout life has been organized around this unique programme which operates from pre-school age up to the third level of university education . formazione
the enormous popularity for the european educational community must not be compromised two years before the end of the programme when eleven new countries are knocking at the door of the european union and offering the opportunity for mutual enrichment . istruzione
education and training have become the most important factor in the economic and social future of europe . istruzione
if there is one area which unites our parliament in stressing its importance , it is education , and more specifically mobility within education . istruzione
mrs pack and others have rightly highlighted that the socrates programme is a fundamental instrument for young europeans , both for their education and for adding a ' european ' approach to their studies , and , more generally for a more open approach to others . istruzione
this is why i am voting for this report and for the budgetary increase finally decided upon by the council of ministers , not for education but for finance ! ! ! istruzione
we should note carefully the irony of finance ministers making cuts first of all in the education and culture sectors ! istruzione
the only lucid policy decision must be to strengthen this scheme for student and teacher exchanges at all levels of education . insegnamento
properly run zoos fulfil many functions , such as scientific research , education and the preservation of species . formazione
firstly , amendment no 10 , aimed at supporting education as a means of minimising risks in the workplace , is a compromise in which a sentence has been mistakenly deleted , even though it actually supports the need for education and information . formazione
it is a fact that 36 % of burundi 's budget is currently being spent on defence ; far more than they spend on health and education combined . istruzione
education and health care have become taboo for women , and they are not allowed to show themselves in the street unless they are accompanied by their brother , their husband or their father , let alone voice an opinion in public . NULL
they do not have the right to participate in civil life , they have no access to education , or to medical care . istruzione
participation of poland and the slovak republic in community training , youth and education programmes istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the involvement of the central and eastern european countries in the education and youth programme is well under way .  
they decided to make education , training and youth the first link in the chain of actions undertaken . istruzione
so we cannot fail to be pleased that cooperation with regard to education and youth has been selected as a priority . istruzione
we must be aware that these three programmes operate in synergy with other european union actions in the field of education , training and youth . istruzione
certainly the budget of the socrates programme has been substantially increased thanks to the tenacity and efficiency of our colleague , doris pack , whom we should once again congratulate on her activities , but there is now a real demand for the education and youth programmes , to which it would be a pity not to respond .  
secondly , there is a need to ask questions about the ceecs ' needs with regard to education and training . istruzione
poland , like the slovak republic , cannot escape the need to adapt its educational system , not only in relation to the european union , but also in the context of globalization and the development of the new technologies we are seeing today . educativo
now the enlargement procedure , and its corollaries - the principles of free movement and mutual recognition of diplomas - presuppose real progress in education . educativo
with regard to poland , the commission has highlighted that country 's spectacular progress with regard to education , whilst observing that efforts still have to be made . istruzione
in fact , we must recognize that poland has allocated 16 % of its budget - that is 6.2 % of its gdp - to education , and aims to considerably increase the number of young people receiving secondary and university education , so that 20 % of 20-24 year olds in particular , can receive higher education . istruzione
the slovak republic is developing a less aggressive strategy as only 3.2 % of its budget is allocated to education , that is approximately 1.5 % of its gdp . istruzione
as well as the need to increase the number of secondary-school pupils and students here too , considerable efforts must be made to give minorities the same educational opportunities , and i am thinking of the hungarian minority , in particular . istruzione
that is why , in order to evaluate how involvement in our education and training programmes can help these countries to modernize their educational systems , i have recommended the creation of a specific steering committee . istruzione
the choice of education , training and youth is a good one to start with and to gain experience , and the role of commissioner van den broek in this choice is to be applauded , because those who have youth have the future . NULL
mr president , community training and education programmes are of the utmost importance . formazione
the most intensive cooperation between the educational institutions and the improvement of training systems will certainly contribute to the realization of the enormous intellectual and educational potential of poland and the slovak republic , and ultimately of the citizens of the european union . contribuiranno
i could imagine that educational cooperation will one day lead to common teaching materials - perhaps even to a common european history book . pedagogico
the european union education and youth programmes are crucially important channels for improving european integration at the level of the people and bringing eastern and western europe together . formazione
it is vital to stress that the problems of cooperation in education between the present eu member states and the applicant countries will not be solved merely by increasing funding . formazione
i have spoken with the president of the slovak rectors ' conference , professor stern , who fears that because of the politics in his country which we have justly criticized , the people themselves are isolated , the educational institutions are isolated , and the students , young scientists and specialist workers are isolated . formative
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , research , infrastructure and education are the bases for success for an eco-social market economy , for success , for employment . istruzione
of course , this applies especially to cooperation in the realm of education . istruzione
the fact that we commence with cooperation in the fields of education and youth is not only to be welcomed but also well thought out . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , first of all sincere thanks to the rapporteur mrs leperre-verrier , and sincere thanks also to the committee on culture , youth , education and the media for their cooperative attitude and extremely rapid procedure in this matter . istruzione
the central and eastern european countries accord participation in these programmes a high priority . they include an appropriate level of resources in their education budgets , and make them available . istruzione
i would like once again to thank sincerely the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and the rapporteur for her work and flexibility , and above all for the fact that we have come so quickly to the first reading of this report , and that this furthermore has operated so smoothly . istruzione
firstly , as regards non-european women living in the european union , i think it is essential that the commission and the member states pursue a much more active and much more accessible education and information policy on what their rights are . conducano
i also think it necessary to continue to discuss , albeit through a further report , how a food and health policy can be promoted by the commission as part of an overall nutrition policy and general health education . educazione
better training for drivers , road safety education in schools , information campaigns , enforcement of traffic regulations such as those relating to rest and driving times for professional drivers ( with a serious chance of getting caught ) are indispensable if this reduction is to be achieved . insegnare
mr president , road safety is a joint responsibility shared by the union , the member states , car manufacturers , educators , road safety organizations , road users of course , and many others . educatori
so we need to start at the beginning and include in the school curriculum the genuinely educational subject of behaviour on roads , and civilized behaviour in general . insegnamento
i do not think road education alone is enough , although it is important , nor do i think we need simply deal with the subject of the amount of alcohol consumed . educazione
mr president , whereas this is an own-initiative report , could the commissioner please comment on the fact that where we have a directive on the european driving licence , i made a proposal that we include some education on first aid in difficult circumstances like he was in this morning ; that is , to give first aid and include it in the driving licence education . nozioni
we have to be very careful , therefore , about putting any form of education or instruction in driving licences or other documents that might encourage people who , with the best intentions , would try to give first aid without the necessary expertise . formazione
in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , of which i am a member , we have fought long and hard against attempts to downgrade and to harm the cultural industry of europe and to change our varied cultural identity , which this agreement threatens to do . cultura
outside the targeted areas , measures for adapting and modernizing education , training and employment systems with a view to improving competitiveness and cushioning socio-economic change are also eligible under the new objective iii . istruzione
we know that the socially excluded and less well-off become ill more often than the well-heeled and better educated . istruito
this is obviously also a question of education , one that is linked to diet and living habits , but still more a question of economics . educazione
in particular , we must try to have the education agreement implemented and make progress on civil building measures within kosovo . istruzione
total respect for national rights , the tolerance of peaceful assembly and the implementation of educational agreements are the only way towards achieving constructive dialogue and breaking the vicious cycle of terrorist activities and brutal repression . culturali
the council is committed to the equal importance of the three dimensions of the asem process and welcomes the cooperation between european and asian countries in numerous fields , such as environment , child welfare and education . istruzione
various other initiatives have also been undertaken or prepared in such fields as technology , the environment , youth contacts and educational exchanges . istruzione
i have always believed that while politics is in part a process through which one has the opportunities sometimes to make decisions , it should also be a process of education - and we need to educate ourselves too . istruzione
this will in any case lead to a distinct need for permanent education , and the continuous training of largely elderly workers . formazione
in this context i am convinced that the foundation will be able to make a considerable contribution to the development of education and training programmes in the new member states . istruzione
education and training plays an important part in these countries too , in areas such as the economy , the environment , and the strengthening of democracy . NULL
i thought this was a matter which might be difficult to debate , but at a mini symposium in my country which i had organized , it turned out that the dutch ministry of education thought this was a view which could at least be discussed . istruzione
we want to ensure that issues such as non-discrimination and equal opportunities are built into the programmes for education and training in the new democracies . istruzione
it is a well known fact that education also instructs people in the way they think . istruzione
mr president , the role of the centre is to provide education and training as the foundation for social integration , lasting regional development and successful economic transformation . istruzione
in addition to capital aid , they also need to modernize their vocational training and further education systems at all levels , not only in management . formazione
with the increased mobility of tourism , educational visits and business travel , the need for cross-border consumer rights is magnified . educative
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0077 / 98 ) on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position adopted by the council with a view to adopting a european parliament and council decision establishing the community action programme " european voluntary service for young people ' ( c4-0007 / 98-96 / 0318 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteur : mrs fontaine ) istruzione
mr president , we would like to thank our untiring colleague , mrs fontaine , and the committee on culture , youth , education and the media for their excellent , fast work . cultura
each time we in the european parliament 's committee on culture , youth , education and the media , or even dg x or dg xxii of the commission , make innovative proposals in the cultural and educational sectors , which are among the most dynamic areas for future business life , the gentlemen on the council shake their heads and say : ' yes , of course that is good , but you cannot have any money . ' xxii
when are you on the council going to realize that money which goes into the cultural and educational sectors is vital investment ? formazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the only response politics can have to the political upheavals in europe , the greater transparency that the euro will create , the expansion of the eu , greater cultural diversity , increased mobility and the sensitive treatment of minorities is to boost education and mobility throughout europe . istruzione
the nicaraguan government spent us $ 17 on health and us $ 16 on education per head of population , but about one-and-a-half times the combined total , us $ 47.40 per head , was spent on debt servicing last year . istruzione
we particularly underlined the importance of women 's rights and pointed to education , health and women 's participation in decision-making processes as examples . istruzione
it was a great pleasure and honour for me to be the general rapporteur and find out and monitor the outcomes of the big un conferences - ranging from the education conference which was held in thailand to the recent conference in rome on food security - and to monitor what happened and what was still outstanding . istruzione
from the point of view of environmental protection , we believe that the consequences of climate change , such as desertification and drought , should be prevented , and we should effectively combat the excessive growth rate of african cities , faced with a disorganized and unplanned urban development , particularly with regard to the health aspect but also the food and education sectors . istruzione
or for example when we emphasize voter education . votanti
we believe that european professions should provide this type of training , otherwise we will end up with technicians instead of professionals , and , we in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , have emphasized this accordingly . istruzione
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media was very clear on this point . istruzione
the demands of the committee for culture , youth , education and the media have been ignored . istruzione
in this connection , i would like to point out that mutual recognition of educational qualifications in the eu is also the logical consequence of the eu educational programmes , which give financial support to measures to give credit for study in other countries , and i would therefore like to call for considerably increased resources for erasmus and ects in future . diplomi
the architects directive as a whole has proved itself in practice , but if more traditional forms of education combined with long periods of practical experience are to be put on a par with more recent qualifications , then that should be made clear again here . equiparati
the proposal is also unjustified and hasty in itself , because the formal minimum study period alone does not decide the quality of education , but the actual time spent studying , which varies from country to country , and the average number of hours per week during term . formazione
mr president , i rejected paragraph 8 because for i believe that the quality of education has absolute priority . studio
life-long education and continuing education are the basis for successful practice of a profession . di
that is why i would like to emphasize the request we are making in our amendments to include education and mentorship . the people concerned deserve top-quality support , whether in the context of entrepreneurship , as was formulated during the employment summit , or else as part of this project , to ensure that the jobs created will last . formazione
i am particularly satisfied with the report 's mention that part of the sme structural funding programme should be aimed at funds for third sector sme 's , especially for public health , education and the arts . formazione
this kind of support should go hand in hand with investments in education and professional training ; if it does not , we might see an increase in the shortage of technologically-skilled people . istruzione
secondly , i am pleased with amendment no 3 which aims to extend this initiative to the third sector , especially to sectors such as public health , education and culture . istruzione
in terms of education and training , the exemptions mechanism should give priority , in our opinion , to the best possible implementation of the conclusions of the luxembourg summit . esenzione
however , i understand that you , as president , have taken that off the agenda and have refused to have this circulated for translation so that members can read what the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has decided . istruzione
an effort is being made to define cooperation and partnership more effectively , by reviewing the way of working but also looking at the mistakes and inadequacies so far , by looking critically at the disguised plundering by the large european companies , by looking to replace huge projects which are not always useful with a vision that is closer to the work and life of the people and the democratic development of society , by looking at new fields of intervention such as women , civil society , health , education and , as i said , by using istruzione
i should like to say to mrs van dijk that there is also now universal agreement that you cannot have development without educating girls and promoting the empowerment of women , because women and children are the overwhelming majority of the poor . istruzione
that is part of the broad agreement on development assistance - that there should be differentiation between the investment needs of the very poorest and the technical cooperation needs of the middle-income countries , and more resources ploughed into investment in health , education and so on , in the very poorest countries . istruzione
if we eradicate poverty and improve access to health care and education it will increase to about 15 billion and then be sustainable . istruzione
mr president , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media i should like to congratulate mrs lalumière on her excellent report . cultura
the committee on culture proposes increased reciprocal understanding and trust through a programme of education and study as well as exchange arrangements . cultura
but proper cooperation in education cannot take place just through tacis projects : it will require a european foundation or an entirely separate source of funding . NULL
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , russia has considerable natural resources and a very highly educated population , often better than that of our older democracies . istruzione
speaking as the member for elgin - where we are very ashamed of the past history of lord elgin - i wish to say to the president-in-office that by way of follow up to mrs castellina , who is chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , i was chairman of that committee in 1985 when it passed a report which included the restoration of works of art in the broader sense of mr bertens . istruzione
at the same time , we also need decentralized action , enlightenment , we need to educate the people who now participate directly or indirectly in the human production of methane . antropica
we also want to develop the concept of the europe of knowledge which encompasses education and training as well as research and development . istruzione
we also support the phrase ' europe of knowledge ' which mrs dührkop has introduced - one would expect her to give priority to education and training , having known her for many years ; and we would want to see european funds spent in the area of education and training and research and development . istruzione
that is why the leonardo and socrates programmes and , more generally , education and training programmes need adequate financing . istruzione
sadly , with the exception of course of the people who are here today , attendance at the rules of procedure committee is not always of the best , and yet the curious thing is that - like education - the rules of procedure are something that everybody has an opinion on , both in the groups and in the plenary . istruzione
earlier attempts to address this matter failed because of rapid job changes and because only basic educational qualifications are taken into account , not professional experience or further training , among other things . formazione
finally , i would like to emphasize the measures presented in the field of education . educazione
ladies and gentlemen , the construction of a common educational territory is , in my opinion , the most important support needed in order to achieve our ultimate objective , the building of an area of true freedom and security within the european union , towards which we must all strive . educativo
as mr pinheiro , one of our best commissioners by far , is here today , i would like to take this opportunity to appeal to the commission and also the member states to use our development aid much more than in the past , to promote programmes in the fields of education and training which underpin the rule of law . istruzione
educating junior political leadership , public sector officials , judges and all those connected with the media , including journalists of course , is necessary , because freedom of expression is threatened from various sides . NULL
i therefore think we have a very great duty in the field of education and training , to educate junior leaders who will break out of the vicious circle and ensure that a policy is pursued in most of the lomé states which complies with article 5 of the lomé convention . istruzione
prevention is achieved through campaigns aimed at alerting people to the dangers of drink driving and educating them about the fight against illegal substances ; compulsory technical vehicle inspections ; improvements in the provision of signals ; and so on and so forth . ebbrezza
you have supported us on a practical level which makes a difference to people and which is what our eu presidency is about : jobs , crime , education ; but you have also given us a hope and a belief that we can build a future , that if we work collectively in northern ireland we can do so much better than we can as individuals . istruzione
the problem of unemployment can only be resolved through coordinated measures that must be taken in the individual national labour markets by means of education , followed by work experience or by a subsequent apprenticeship , by providing vocational training mainly aimed at the demand of companies and at the needs of the region . istruzione
according to this directive , the minimum age is set at 15 or 16 , according to the education system in place . scolastico
we think that this proposal should be seen and implemented as part of the whole package of measures that the eu is engaged in to encourage employment , education and training . istruzione
between 1994 and 1999 the state-training agency in ireland received £ 428 million for vocational training and education . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0083 / 98 ) by mr monfils , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a european parliament and council decision establishing a community initiative for the european city of culture event ( com ( 97 ) 0549 - c4-0580 / 97-97 / 0290 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , first i want to congratulate both mr monfils , on his excellent report , and the committee on culture , youth , education and the media . istruzione
we share the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and the committee on culture , youth , education and the media that the importance of copyright protection against exploiting interests , the guarantee of access to public information independent of market interests and the ability to protect the private domain by means of encryption technologies should receive proper emphasis in this directive as well , in spite of regulations in force elsewhere . istruzione
this experience , which has been proven at the level of university education through the erasmus programme , must be based on close collaboration between the training establishment or body and the host partner . insegnamento
i am pleased with this report , which responds to the commission 's initiative , with the objective of encouraging transnational mobility in the area of education and training . istruzione
however , as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , i would like to repeat the comments of mr kerr , our rapporteur . istruzione
indeed , economic reform is now established as the next big challenge for europe to create employment opportunity for all , making product , labour and capital markets more effective , improving the adaptability of employment markets , ensuring that national education and training systems are more effective , seeking to encourage entrepreneurship , enabling easier access to capital markets for small and medium enterprises , increasing tax efficiency , avoiding harmful tax competition , all to create more growth and jobs . istruzione
the declaration emphasizes just how important it is to tackle unemployment by welfare , tax and social security reform as well as by measures for training and education and ending social exclusion if we are to have both a successful single currency and a successful economy . formazione
the euro will lead to far greater integration of economic , fiscal and employment policies and to a clear increase in support for education , scientific and technological development and professional training for europeans . istruzione
an essential step must be to inform young people more fully about the risks of consuming synthetic drugs , to ensure that education starts at an early age , and above all to involve parents , teachers , educators , doctors and pharmacists . farmacisti
not only must we counteract the pernicious influence of the internet , we must in turn use this medium to launch an educational campaign . sensibilizzazione
having said that , hopefully almost all of us now recognize that a purely punitive approach will not work - indeed is not working - and that we need to do a great deal more in the fields of health care , education and trying to wean young people away from the drug culture . istruzione
secondly , the best way to reduce smoking is not to increase tax or to ban advertising but through health education , which must take place in schools from the first year of primary school . educazione
it has also been noticed that , in a general sense , educational programmes that started in the 1950s show up clearly in statistics : figures for lung cancer in men have fallen dramatically.this is without doubt an indication that an advertising ban is necessary and that it will have far-reaching significance for the issue of public health . polmonare
european governments and the eu institutions must now focus their attention on promoting health education in schools in the area of making young people aware of the dangers of smoking . educazione
however , what matters above all is to recognise the new drugs as dangerous substances , to take steps to prohibit their production and sale , and to educate young people so that we can limit the amount of damage done . sensibilizzazione
the next item is the report ( a4-0166 / 98 ) by mr perry , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the commission communication to the council , the european parliament , the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions : " towards a europe of knowledge ' ( com ( 97 ) 0563 - c4-0649 / 97 ) . istruzione
mr president , britain 's labour prime minister , now the president of the council of ministers , began his administration by saying that his priorities were ' education , education , education ' . istruzione
i have observed that he has adopted many sensible policies and priorities from the previous conservative administration , and i am happy to say that i share with him those priorities and i believe that for the european union too our priorities should be education , education , education . istruzione
so when i say ' education , education , education ' , i recognize in my report that substantial extra resources are needed . mia
this parliament showed its commitment to that in the conciliation process in last year 's budget when we fought for and achieved additional funding for the present socrates programme and the commission and the council do not doubt the overwhelming agreement across the parties in this parliament to put extra money into education . istruzione
put that sort of money into education for employment promotion and to positively help the people of europe , help our people prepare for new jobs , not just protect old jobs . istruzione
i have drawn attention to the need for a european dimension in ancillary education services , such as vocational guidance . istruzione
i see this as especially important for a country like slovakia where we need to help its people develop their fullest democratic potential , and educational exchanges are especially useful in that respect . interamente
today , however , i would like , on behalf of my parliamentary group , to note that increased cooperation in the field of education in europe is an important prerequisite for the integration process . formativo
the commission also considered this context itself in its communication ; this makes it all the more incomprehensible that on the one hand , the sums of money being made available for language visits for schoolchildren and young employees within these training programmes are completely inadequate , and on the other hand , the member states , despite their primary responsibility for educational policy , have done much too little in terms of experiences of other cultures , tolerance and mobility to prepare the youth of europe for easier access to the common european market . istruzione
mr president , the commission 's communication now being debated by the european parliament on the working principles and aims of education and youth programmes in the next millennium is of vital importance to the citizens of the union . istruzione
the reform of the education and youth programmes is not just a technical process but a great opportunity to hold discussions on just those european values we wish to base our future on . istruzione
at their very best the eu education and youth programmes are the very tool we can use to bring the citizens of the community closer together and realize , in practical terms , our goals of tolerance , equality and sustainable development . istruzione
the amsterdam treaty stresses how important it is for everyone to have the opportunity to receive a high standard of education and work as a committed citizen of the union . istruzione
the second obstacle is the difficulty of access to third level education , which has become extreme in some countries such as greece , where the possibility of whether the child will enter further education or not has become a drama for the families concerned . istruzione
indeed , at a time when the youth and education programmes are coming to an end , it is necessary not only to be able to evaluate them , but also to give a new direction to their actions according to previously agreed central themes . istruzione
in this respect , i understand and appreciate the desire to emphasize training and education and to ensure that it is encouraged throughout life . istruzione
secondly , we know that employment policy is inseparable from education policy and that it is thus necessary to give everyone a chance to be trained . istruzione
i therefore support the desires which have been expressed to rationalize the objectives , to develop transnational mobility , to encourage recourse to new educational tools and to promote language learning . educativi
furthermore , i think it necessary to implement youth programmes which are distinct from education programmes . istruzione
one example of such a link would be the dutch report , " culture 2000 ' , which for the first time creates a link between education , a training programme and the culture market in a country . istruzione
education and culture release the potential for freedom that exists within every person . educazione
thirdly , the creation of ' info-points ' to be used in common by the union and other international organizations concerned with education and youth , such as the council of europe , unesco or the oecd , would be a powerful means of achieving the cooperation that is much discussed but little practised . istruzione
and , finally , if the union recognizes the primary importance of education , it must express that recognition by means of firm political decisions which will enable it to be successfully implemented . istruzione
mr president , madam commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his interesting work , which enables us to alert the commission once more to the tremendous challenges which education , training and youth represent . istruzione
the emphasis on the need to lay the foundations of an integrated youth policy , as distinct from education programmes , seems extremely important to me . istruzione
continuing education , gained within youth organizations , in particular sports organizations , must be recognized and encouraged . istruzione
however , it is absolutely essential to talk about a europe of knowledge and to resolve to create a true european educational system in which priority is given to knowledge , citizenship and the development of employment skills , all issues requiring effective promotion of education and training . educativo
mr evans picked up a key point in mr perry 's report on the need for civic education which again is critical in terms of ensuring that our young people understand the society within which they live . educazione
the next item is the report ( a4-0153 / 98 ) by mr whitehead , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council recommendation concerning the protection of minors and human dignity in audiovisual and information services ( com ( 97 ) 0570 - c4-0670 / 97-97 / 0329 ( cns ) ) . istruzione
they can multiply almost to infinity the range of information and educational exchanges . educativi
mr president , commissioner , in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media we have been very clear about mr whitehead 's report , so when we examined it on 23 april we approved it unanimously . istruzione
the internet has a great potential to be an educational tool , a means by which our citizens can communicate across frontiers , bringing europe closer together , a vital tool of citizenship , a complement to public service broadcasters , a window on open government , a means of addressing the powerful . educativo
many mexicans , above all the indigenous population living in conditions of squalor and degradation without access to the means of obtaining a good standard of living , decent housing , proper education , adequate health care or full recognition as equal citizens , are at the present time demanding changes to provide all their citizens with their basic needs and we must express our solidarity with them and oppose attempts to crush them by violent means . istruzione
priority is given to projects in the fields of education , professional training and health . istruzione
while all of us want to see a dramatic reduction in tobacco advertising , it is regrettable that the need for better education among young people has become overshadowed by the superficially attractive argument for a blanket ban on advertising . educativa
if the commission is serious about its anti-smoking policy then it would serve itself and the european public better by concentrating on education programmes rather than seeking publicity by ill-conceived and badly executed means . educativi
with regard to the european dimension in education , i am very sorry that more resources are not allocated to meetings , research , and the purchase of modern audiovisual equipment . istruzione
in 1999 , three community programmes relating to education , training and youth will come to an end . istruzione
it proposes a limited number of objectives - increased access of citizens to educational resources , implementation of pilot projects , wide distribution of good educational practice . didattiche
we should consider that , by means of an efficient education policy , we can give young people a chance to enter the labour market . istruzione
we therefore need substantial resources with which to launch and consolidate our educational policy . consolidare
the recent publication of the commission 's proposals for eu educational programmes post 2000 has provided a useful basis for discussion . istruzione
i support also their commitment to developing a concept of citizenship based on common core values and their recognition of enhancing language skills and suggestions for increasing educational cooperation with the countries of central and eastern europe . istruzione
the value of the eu 's educational programmes in contributing to european integration was brought home most vividly to me when i had the honour of participating in a comenius project in a school in my constituency . istruzione
it was indeed a pleasure to be part of this experience and it strengthens my own support for the continuation and expansion of eu educational programmes . istruzione
these educational programmes are now well known in the various countries , and we must safeguard what has been achieved and increase its repercussions . didattici
it is also necessary to involve the social partners more , to encourage them to cooperate more closely with the world of education and vice versa so that links between education and training are more accessible and more useful to participants . didattico
it is also necessary for us to consider young people as a whole , which means actions or a programme must be set up , which are not associated with education and training . didattico
we must build on the success of the three programmes , for continuity is particularly important in the field of education . formazione
the commission will submit its drafts for the new programmes to the council on 4 july , at which time brisk discussions can begin in the european parliament and the committee on education . istruzione
i am certain that the member states are themselves best placed to bear the responsibility for educating their citizens without any pointers from the european union . piantati
education and skills are vital . formazione
for this we need infrastructure , although it may be possible to merely reorganize existing infrastructure , and of course we also need education . formazione
the next item is the report ( a4-0115 / 98 ) by mr pex , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the information and communication policy in the european union . istruzione
the report carries my name , but the text is the fruit of the excellent cooperation between all the members of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , the committee on budgets , the committee on institutional affairs , and the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights . cultura
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media is also , as its name indicates , the committee responsible for media . it therefore has a duty to consider and form an opinion on the subject of this policy . NULL
this situation is unacceptable for a body which goes beyond the study and research of better means of communication , the only task which the president of parliament , mr gil-robles gil-delgado , had suggested , but which the committee on culture , youth , education and the media did not accept . cultura
mr president , in taking the initiative of studying the problem of information in the european institutions , the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has done something worthwhile . cultura
we must thank mr pex for having buckled down to the task , and our colleagues from the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and the committee on institutional affairs for having helped him to avoid certain pitfalls . cultura
mr president , the committee on culture , youth , education and the media wishes to coordinate visiting and information policy for eu institutions .  
the compromise which was reached was approved unanimously by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , in the presence of the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on budgets and the dgiii and dgx services of parliament and of the commission . istruzione
at the end of each year the european institutions must publish the following , in separate documents made available to the public at no cost : an exhaustive list of the information campaigns which have been carried out , including their references and costs ; an exhaustive list of the organizations which have been subsidized for the purposes of information , communication or education campaigns , or who have received funding which could be used for this purpose ; an exhaustive list of experts who are remunerated in various ways and are involved in information campaigns where they do not educazione
the technological revolution , the globalization of the economy and the large markets demand that member states make a great effort in the field of education and training . istruzione
being able to guarantee jobs depends on qualifications and training , and also on educational establishments awarding professional qualifications which meet the demands of the labour market . formativi
this is why the commission attaches such importance to putting forward recommendations to improve competitiveness , the effectiveness of job markets , goods and services , education and information and to render tax and welfare protection schemes more favourable to employment . istruzione
higher education istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0191 / 98 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position adopted by the council with a view to adopting a council recommendation on european cooperation in quality assurance in higher education ( c4-0191 / 98-97 / 0121 ( syn ) ) ( rapporteur : mrs heinisch ) . istruzione
on the one hand we have the cultural autonomy of the member states , the variety of educational systems , the independence and individuality of colleges and universities , and these embodiments of the principle of subsidiarity are now at odds with the need to establish european quality standards in higher education , because in the community there is undoubtedly a consensus view that comparability among european higher education institutions is an indispensable precondition for the promotion of student mobility in the european union , which is the express wish of us all because we hope that it will lead formazione
but the comparability among higher education systems which is necessary to this end will be possible only if we succeed in reaching agreement on how to define and ultimately how to measure quality . istruzione
the positions which have been taken up by the commission , the council and the european parliament in the course of the work on the recommendation with which we are now concerned offer a striking reflection of the difficulties that we come up against so often in the sphere of european educational policy , when it is a matter of achieving objectives which are desirable for the community while strictly respecting the principle of subsidiarity . formazione
its approach is to recommend the establishment of a network to the member states , whilst the commission is to be given the task of supporting co-operation between the competent authorities for quality evaluation and assurance in higher education . istruzione
success has thus been achieved in giving clearer emphasis to the principle of the autonomy of colleges and universities and the preservation of their own understanding of their educational purpose . pedagogica
it is the legal base only for questions of education . formazione
i think that this will be of help as regards the dichotomy between the subsidiarity principle and the pursuit of education policy objectives . formazione
we are well aware that there are still some obstacles to overcome before this compromise can be realized , but the compromise should point the way for university education at the start of the 21st century . formazione
as we develop towards globalization , we in the european union have to face up to international criteria and follow new paths in higher education policy . istruzione
we need to recognise how important it is to base all our educational measures on a holistic concept of education . formazione
free access for students to all of europe 's colleges and universities will result in a hierarchy of higher education institutions , and will generate a competition which leads to efforts being made by all colleges and universities to attract students .  
mr president , first of all i would like to thank parliament and especially the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and its rapporteur mrs heinisch , for having examined the common position of the council in such a short space of time . istruzione
in fact , the council text contains all your major amendments such as those concerning the definition of an establishment of higher education , the diversity of national education and assessment systems , as well as the independence and individual character of establishments of higher education . istruzione
if we seek to promote an educational and vocational training system that matches up to the challenges before us , as expressed in the treaty , quality assessment systems are essential tools , they make a positive contribution to policies favouring employment , growth and competitiveness . istruzione
i would also like to mention the importance of this cooperative spirit if we wish to achieve a genuine transparency in teaching systems and to foster the exchange of mutual information between educational establishments on the content and quality of their teaching . istruzione
with regard to the amendment proposed by the rapporteur , i concur wholeheartedly with the desire to show that higher educational establishments must improve not only the quality of teaching and learning , but also that of training for research . istruzione
i think we should introduce this amendment to the extent that in the teaching provided by higher educational establishments , training for research is often intimately tied to general education . istruzione
i have frequently stressed the importance of this recommendation towards promoting quality education in europe . istruzione
as soon as the council has finally adopted the recommendation , the commission will proceed as soon as possible to set up the network for quality assessment , whose work will be decisive towards creating the european educational space we all desire so earnestly . istruzione
fourteen million eu citizens live on islands and suffer the constant effects of these disadvantages on their daily lives , in matters of employment , education , health and quality of life . istruzione
archipelagos also have small islands which are particularly disadvantaged with respect to education and health . istruzione
the list of human rights which are constantly mentioned does not include , for example , the right to food and education , a right which is threatened when cooperation is terminated due to a lack of democratic development . formazione
i searched in vain for new thinking on how to support and educate farmers in these vulnerable areas in how to switch production to non-hazardous products . informare
questions of public health should be dealt with elsewhere and in other ways , within the context of education and prevention . istruzione
we also cooperate with unesco in the areas of education , information and the fight against the illegal use of drugs . istruzione
mr president , i believe that educational systems are of particular importance in europe because our culture is based largely on educational values . culturali
it would be a considerable contribution not only towards promoting education but also an essential basis for lifelong learning . culturale
we should therefore investigate the method to see whether best practice models and benchmarks could not be included so that we can see how an opportunity for europe can be developed in the various educational possibilities offered . culturali
we believe another mixture of instruments could be applied , namely mechanisms such as price , the development of an energy stock market , a buy-back obligation , as well as education . informazione
business parks , housing conditions , infrastructure , education ; countries make their own choices on how they allocate their money . impiegarlo
i would finally like to remind you that tax deductions also result in a redistribution within society as a whole : education , research , security , infrastructure - none of these would be accessible to everyone without a fiscal policy which enables strong public intervention . istruzione
i believe that education , not overburdensome regulation , is the key for our workforce for the future . istruzione
this network has set itself the goal of reaching an agreement on the elimination of nuclear weapons by the year 2000 , which would enable us to use the budget allocations , currently squandered on military spending , for the benefit of the environment , health , education and development . istruzione
such a development would also make a nonsense of these countries ' achievements in providing basic health and education support , which have contributed so much to furthering the well-being of their peoples . istruzione
they do not hunger for power and national prestige , but for opportunities to escape from poverty and to enjoy the training and education that has been denied them . istruzione
furthermore , this conflict is being acted out in a sadly familiar context , scarred by poverty , limited educational facilities , health care and other public services . istruzione
when i read from the list of investments made , for example , that a large part has been used to support and educate journalists in the region of cambodia and in the country itself , then i have to say - as someone who knows something about the situation - that this is tremendously difficult because the latest news is that in the last state purge the final opposition journalists were murdered and there are currently only journalists there who are loyal to the government . filogovernativi
and we must allow for the fact that measures to deal with unemployment , poverty and poor health conditions must be inter-related , and finally that citizens need to be educated and their awareness raised to enable them to contribute to improving their quality of life . educare
with this approach , the plan hardly makes any reference , if at all , to the human dimension , that is , employment , culture and education . educazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the draft european spatial development perspective is an approach to planning matters which i consider limited , inasmuch as it places little importance on the problems of the human dimension of the occupation of land , that is to say , on its cultural and educational aspects and the question of social exclusion . educativi
i would also like to emphasize that a solution to the problem of recognizing educational qualifications gained in third countries is also of great importance in the architectural world . titoli
free movement and residence in the union will not come about until the last barriers are lifted , including : the abolition of all border controls and the comprehensive acceptance of the schengen acquis ; education systems which are geared to each other , aimed at the mobility of employees with children of school-age ; a simplified recognition of all diplomas and professional qualifications , in particular for young people ; the tracking down of unfair administration practices which are practised by national governments to hinder the policy right ; and the protection of rights relating to supplementary pensions . scolastici
as draftsperson on the commission action plan on free movement of workers , i welcome the remarks of mr de clercq on obstacles to the free movement of people , such as pension mobility , family responsibilities and the educational needs of children . scolastiche
i can assure mr willy de clercq and this house that as far as schengen and the application of article 8a are concerned , the following issues are on the table before the commission : infringement procedures , administrative practices , the right to vote , consular and diplomatic protection , permanent dialogue mechanisms , education and the recognition of qualifications , protection against threats to individual safety and freedom and trade . istruzione
the commission wants to set up direct lines for the reporting of illegal material on the internet , to support filtering and classification systems and education and information . formazione
we cannot , however , turn the clock back but through carefully constructed training and educational programmes involving organizations such as ceja , the european umbrella body for farm organizations and , in my own country , macra na feirme , our young farmers ' organization , we can create the economic and social infrastructure necessary to encourage and help more young people to pursue farming as a credible career . educativi
we support applying strong pressure to the wto and making funds available for education and for changing production in developing countries . formazione
as article 126 makes clear , education is the responsibility of the member states themselves . istruzione
for this reason , we must support the proposals to increase european national or regional aid which can help these organizations in promoting jobs in priority sectors such as health or education , provided that the jobs so created are real jobs covered by real work contracts and not just precarious or badly paid jobs which serve only to bring down the unemployment statistics . istruzione
that would mean that british animal charities , children 's charities , churches , educational foundations , research foundations and universities would not be able to speak to us as members of this house . istruzione
if we want to help third-country nationals improve their education we should promote this work attitude and remove obstacles . istruzione
a third-country national will invest in the education of his children , learn the language of the host country and build a secure existence if the countries are really prepared to regard the integration of these people positively and consciously . formazione
we also support calling on member states to take preventive action against fundamentalism by following a deliberate policy of integration to strengthen the position of muslim groups in the labour market and in the education system . istruzione
for these reasons , our group urges parliament to adopt the conciliation committee 's proposals so that we can proceed without delay to help the thousands of youngsters who wish to reinforce their training , their education and their european citizenship through the european voluntary service . cultura
the training and education of young people is an essential matter . formazione
the council will have to realize how important education and culture are for the future of europe , especially when it comes to young people . istruzione
we are truly in the realm of informal education . istruzione
i , and indeed all my colleagues , especially those from the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , have shared in mrs fontaine 's suffering throughout this affair . istruzione
it means that at least a small number of young people without higher education will be able to understand and experience europe for themselves . istruzione
we would like to express our thanks once again to the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , especially its rapporteur , mrs fontaine , and also to the delegation of the european parliament and its chairman . istruzione
mr president , as with other part-funded pilot projects , local host organizations tended to be connected with the social work sector , culture , physical education or the environment movement . sportivo
the whole issue of trans-european networks , not to mention proper implementation of environmental technology , equality of opportunity for men and women , improved conditions for small and medium-sized enterprises , education and training for workers , are all key points in our programme . istruzione
you have to invest in education and training , in life-long learning . istruzione
encouraging solidarity through the promotion of a voluntary service for young people aged 18 to 25 , -encouraging the participation of young people in the construction of europe through youth exchanges and , finally , -encouraging a spirit of enterprise and creativity amongst young people.this being so , as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , it is my duty to highlight the deplorable attitude of the council of ministers who , once more , are completely out of line with their discourse .  
whilst everyone is now in agreement in recognizing that the training and education of young people in the world today are the fundamental axes of development in our societies , here we are confronted by a joint text which goes right to the heart of these issues , and yet which is extremely disappointing . istruzione
just as austria , for example , can learn about mobility , flexibility and many other specific programmes from other member states , by the same token , other member states can learn from us , and here i am thinking of our excellent apprenticeship training scheme , which allows young people of 14 or 15 to start training with a firm or workshop while at the same time continuing to receive school education . istruzione
retraining under the umbrella of education would be an important measure , too . istruzione
the sixth relates to the recognition of educational qualifications , which must be greatly enhanced . diplomi
however , the commission must investigate indirect barriers to free movement of the work-force , such as pension portability , housing costs , health care systems and education systems , to see how they can be overcome . istruzione
upstream it feeds on policies of growth , education , training , and employment ; policies of public health , taxation , promotion and the labelling of public services . istruzione
madam president , being an active member of the committee on petitions is very much an education . istruttivo
the desire to harmonize education systems , social security arrangements , fiscal regulations , etcetera , out of consideration for the free movement of the workforce is tantamount to taking a mallet to crack a peanut . NULL
the field of education is strictly a national matter . formazione
and there would be no harm in taking a look at the united nations human development report , which states clearly that this country and others will not escape their absolute poverty if they do not manage to achieve a fairer distribution of wealth and greater respect for basic human rights : the right to eat , to live , to be educated and to enjoy good health . istruzione
for educational exchanges with the czech republic , this means not only encouraging mobility from the czech republic , but motivating and supporting teachers , pupils and students wishing to experience the czech republic at first hand . istruzione
participation of the czech republic in community programmes ( training , youth and education ) istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0227 / 98 ) by mr elchlepp , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council decision concerning the community position within the association council on the participation of the czech republic in community programmes in the fields of training , youth and education ( com ( 98 ) 0093 - c4-0161 / 98-98 / 0067 ( cns ) ) . istruzione
i really must stress here that educational exchanges with central and eastern european countries will not be a one-way street and exchanges will work in both directions . permettere
as a member of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , i know his work in the committee , and he is one of the most knowledgeable members in this area , having worked in it before he became an mep . istruzione
the message which we have to underline here this morning is that to make these programmes work they need funding and , as mr elchlepp said , they are vitally important in terms of training , educational and youth exchanges to bind the people of the central and eastern european countries to the people of the union . educativi
i am grateful to mr elchlepp for his report on a proposal for a decision by the european union-czech association council which would allow the czech republic to use phare funds to pay part of its financial contribution to three education related community programmes - leonardo , socrates , and youth for europe . istruzione
education and training are obviously essential for bringing countries closer together . istruzione
you will see , for example , that in category 3 you have cut funding for the leonardo programme . that stands in direct contradiction to your own work programme , where you state that you wish to strengthen educational programmes as a means of making europe more attractive to business . formazione
report ( a4-0293 / 98 ) by mr monfils , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council decision concerning the conclusion of a bilateral agreement between the community and the republic of cyprus on the republic of cyprus ' participation in a community programme within the framework of community audiovisual policy ( com ( 98 ) 0242 - c4-0428 / 98-98 / 0138 ( cns ) ) istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0167 / 98 ) by mr mohamed alí , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on islam and averroës european day . istruzione
i particularly like paragraph 10 which calls for the principle of secularism in education . istruzione
finally , despite certain recommendations with which i agree , i also do not feel that this resolution can change the position of women , no more so than the application of the principle of secularism in education , even though i support the intention behind this . scuole
so we need to strengthen dialogue with the islamic world , which means relations with the euro-mediterranean countries , through the meda programme and others , not only in socio-economic terms but principally in terms of culture and education , which form the basis of any civilisation and democracy . formazione
finally , i think calm dialogue is really necessary in this whole sector , but it is equally necessary for nothing to be imposed , because our culture , our education and our experience can only be enriched if we achieve what we consider important and what we have always asserted : a clear , calm period of information and face-to-face dialogue . formazione
even the dutch government , which has no christian democrats in it , has acknowledged that dutch education based on a foundation of islam is often an excellent system for promoting the emancipation of muslims , up to secondary level . scolastico
we can therefore only support emphatically anything that will help to create the conditions for our overdue broad dialogue with the islamic world : colloquia , universities , educational curricula , religious equality , commemoration days , etc . formativi
the first observation is that when discussing relations with turkey - beyond the question of the help we are now providing - we should ask what more we could do to reinforce democratic structures in turkey , particularly by developing sectors such as energy , the environment , vocational education and administrative reform . formazione
through the action platform and the final declaration approved in beijing , all the participants committed themselves , in their respective areas of responsibility , to introducing targeted measures to contribute to the elimination of discrimination and to the genuinely equal treatment of women in all fields of life - upbringing , education , training , work and family , society , politics , the economy , science , justice , culture , the media , etc . istruzione
the measures for areas such as crisis prevention , human rights , democratisation and basic education must be implemented as soon as possible in the cooperation countries . istruzione
in my opinion however , education should still be our top priority , not only because the proportion of illiterate women is especially high , but also because a higher level of education and training brings greater awareness of the issues of demographic development , and educated women would be more open to birth control . istruzione
i think that equal rights and opportunities for men and women in education , training and the labour market are one of the cornerstones of the construction of europe . istruzione
i cannot however share one of the assessments made by the rapporteur , of the value of education and training . istruzione
she also stresses the contrast between the level of education among women , which is generally superior to that of men , and the proportion of reduced or qualitatively inferior employment , since women are in the majority where informal work is concerned , as everyone has been saying . culturale
mr mann said that education was necessary and that it needed to be continued . formazione
but it is not only a matter of education , given that in countries of the south , such as greece , spain and italy , women that have attained university-level education occupy half as many jobs as men with the same level of education . NULL
i hope that the appropriate conclusions will be drawn in terms of education policy , vocational training , regulation of nonstandard employment , support for new working time systems and new forms of work and , in particular , the social economy . istruzione
it is not only women , but also fathers raising children alone who face the problem that work and bringing up children are incompatible , which can only be resolved if there are competent institutions for looking after and educating children . educazione
it also discusses the position of women on the labour market generally , the efficiency of education and training , and the european employment strategy from essen to luxembourg and cardiff . istruzione
we ask that more attention be devoted to forestry under the reform of the common agricultural policy ; further , it is increasingly necessary to relaunch the environmental policies with a view to prevention , including education and training work to improve man 's respect for the environment , but harsher punishment for arsonists is also needed . educativa
i hold mrs marinucci in very high regard , but i have had to reject this motion because it was ideological , it infringed completely the principle of subsidiarity and more or less stated that all young women in the european union should pursue a career after their education . formazione
this applies in particular to women who have not had a good education and who are probably those most affected by conditions on the labour market . formazione
i have seen women getting up at 5 o 'clock in the morning to take their children to day care facilities in order then to go on to work or to education or training. because the alternative is to be cut off from benefits altogether . corsi
this is an irresponsible adult concept ; for children , it is always preferable to have a father and a mother and for the two to take on the responsibility not only of their material needs , but also of their education . educazione
however , the current report also shows , mrs garcía arias , that single mothers are often unemployed , poorly educated or perhaps are not even entitled to maternity allowance because they may not have worked .  
we in austria are currently trying to introduce maternity allowance entitlement for all mothers , including students , farming women , entrepreneurs and women who are too poorly educated or too young to have worked . qualificate
whether it is the result of the hardships of life or of a woman 's personal choice , being a single parent family is always difficult to cope with , both from a financial point of view and for the children 's education , as the rapporteur points out several times . educazione
this is why i do not understand why our amendments have been rejected , when they are acting in the financial and moral interests of children in calling for a policy to prevent single parent families as much as possible , by educating people to be responsible . educazione
how best do we educate them not to take drugs or rehabilitate them if they are taking drugs ? educarli
finally , if the objective truly is to combat drugs , public health and education budgets must be increased to meet the challenge . istruzione
drug abusers need therapy , education , and social back-up if they are to overcome their misery and appreciate that there is more to life than drugs . la
thirdly , we are in favour of ensuring that we can give the best education and the best tools of knowledge to our young people to guarantee that they can make informed decisions about their own personal lifestyle . istruzione
the debate on synthetic drugs has shown that the eu should be giving special attention to educational programmes for children and young people . sintetiche
it is important , under the pre-accession strategy for such countries , to provide instruments like this which help to educate people about europe and give them an understanding of community policies and their operation . educativo
the fight against illegal drugs must therefore be undertaken within a comprehensive approach which combines sectors of action as diverse as the information and education of young people , the transformation of objective socio-economic conditions which contribute to the development of drug addiction in all its forms , assistance for drug addicts , the fight against traffickers and money laundering , and the economic and social development of the producing countries . educazione
a multi-agency approach , involving the department of health and children , justice , equality and law reform , environment and local government and education and science and their respective agencies have been identified by the government as providing the best possible framework to deal with the drugs problem in ireland . istruzione
education within the family and at school are essential . pedagogia
other positive recommendations are those which warn against concentrating on the role of the police in combating drug addiction , and those which advocate a greater focus on the aspects of education and prevention , on awareness-raising and information campaigns and on the need to enhance cooperation between the member states and within international organisation s with a view to coordinating activities , carrying out research , harmonizing statistics and making them compatible . educazione
the commission is , however , ready to examine project proposals for eligibility under other existing budget lines which are open to development education and advocacy projects and which already possess a legal basis and can therefore accept projects for financing . istruzione
first of all , i too agree that tourism-related action must include employment , training and education . istruzione
hong kong people must speak out against every potential abuse , and we must support them in so doing , not just by giving them visa-free entry to the european union but by supporting education in democracy in hong kong . educazione
the actions which are possible with this financial support range across four sectors : consumer health and safety , the protection of consumers ' economic interests in respect of goods and services , consumer education and information , and the promotion and representation of consumers ' interests . educazione
the issue concerns not only the movement of skilled and professional people , but also the participation of students and young people in educational and exchange programmes and the wish for them to acquire experience alongside their studies , as well as developing a facility for european cooperation . formazione
but at the same time , there has to be an awareness that the education programme must also include the recognition of examinations passed and qualifications gained in another member state diploma
the actions that we intend to finance are mainly in the sectors of women 's and children 's rights and voters ' education . educazione
in the education field , it is important to see how the transition from vocational training to the labour market operates , to compare school drop-out rates in the various member states and to see how the transition from sheltered employment for the disabled to the open labour market operates . NULL
i wish to thank parliament and in particular mr pex , the rapporteur and chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , for their constructive cooperation . istruzione
ladies and gentlemen , i would congratulate mr pex on his excellent work with the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , which he chairs . istruzione
even before the summer , the committee on culture , youth , education and the media had criticised the fact that without cultural programmes and with only pilot projects the year 1999 would entail a 40 % cut in the culture budget . cultura
education and examinations are one thing ; how safety is assured in everyday practice is another matter . formazione
we must find a solution to this problem , through education first of all . educazione
we must educate people visiting the countryside to stop them from polluting it . educazione
the third line relates to research , monitoring and information exchange , and the fourth to education , training and increased awareness . istruzione
structural adjustment programmes , liberalisation and fiscal reforms have also frequently involved cuts in health , education and social and poverty alleviation expenditures , and these should have been avoided in the past and must be resisted in the future if poverty is not to be rapidly increased and demand further reduced . istruzione
the nuclear industry itself must meet its responsibilities to be open and proactive in education and information activities . istruzione
i am completely against the notion of taking under-used funding away from one country and giving it to another country that makes better use of it , because i feel that the commission should also play an educative role and work in conjunction with the national governments . pedagogica
exchanges of knowledge and experience should be encouraged , as should research , education and information activities . istruzione
in this context it would be advisable , if only for educational reasons , to prescribe cofinancing in future in the realm of the eaggf . educativo
i say ' educational reasons ' because it would be a means of bringing home more clearly to the member states that it is basically their own money or the money of their own citizens and taxpayers that is being managed so casually and - i have to be blunt - often sloppily too . educativi
the next item is the report ( a4-0248 / 98 ) by mrs ryynänen , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the role of libraries in the modern world . istruzione
the result has been a drop in the number of readers , that is to say the accumulated educational capital has a poor take-up rate , and the economic problems that libraries face will not be solved with the meagre revenue from charges . biblioteche
we need an eu library know-how centre to coordinate developments in the european library sector and to promote research and complementary education in the field . formazione
the essential task of the nation 's libraries is to safeguard the framework of the educational and cultural system , and this is especially important with the minority language groups , which are difficult for the majority language groups to understand . biblioteca
this poses a threat to the modern library service , and is a big problem for the issues of equality , education and culture in the information society . cultura
if its work is now to be impeded because of digitalisation and reproduction , then we will , depressingly , be taking a step backwards in the field of education , whereas we should all be doing our level best to develop it . cultura
as i believe that this is rooted in ignorance , my position is that we change the copyright directive to enable libraries to continue their work and increase their educational role as a promoter of equality , and one that represents wisdom and justice , in today 's information society . biblioteca
the report was put together with care and skill , in accordance with the best finnish traditions of culture and education , and i wish to convey my warmest congratulations and thanks to mrs ryynänen for her work . cultura
when , for example , the eu puts together its development programmes , they might well flounder in recipient countries as a result of poor levels of education . culturale
libraries have always been powerful aids when it comes to national education , allowing the whole spectrum and all the best of human culture to be enjoyed by the entire nation . istruzione
the importance of libraries in raising the education and living standards of western countries is enormous . cultura
very often , the educational system too can play a major part , encouraging the young or even older people to make use of libraries . very often too it can lock them out , imposing prohibitive restrictions on the use of these great repositories of human knowledge . NULL
in greece , typically , all highschool students , as they approach their examinations for admission to university education , have to memorise one book , just one book in each subject !  
consequently , where the use of books is concerned , the educational system can contribute much , either positively as i believe happens in finland , or negatively as i believe happens in greece . biblioteche
so i will do likewise this time , and congratulate the rapporteur , mrs ryynänen , on the work she has done in the name of education and culture . cultura
working together in parliament as we have been doing now for a long time , i have come to know her as someone who conscientiously applies herself to the issue of education . cultura
i think that lending libraries could also quite easily be small internet centres for schoolchildren and young persons who want to build up small communication networks on european culture , and here of course it is important that access to the networks for educational purposes is free of charge . formativi
in the field of education , however , there was for instance the lingua-surda project , which was supported within the context of the former lingua programme . formazione
the next item is the debate on the oral question ( b4-0490 / 98 ) tabled by mr pex , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on damage caused by the commission as a result of late payment . istruzione
many of the budget lines affected programmes already mentioned , in the fields of culture , education , youth and family . istruzione
the european parliament has often been a pioneer in tackling controversial or politically sensitive subjects as well as by introducing culture and education into the european union 's remit or debating issues such as genetic engineering , equality or sexual orientation . educazione
this report will help to strengthen that in terms of training , education - which is very important - and supporting musical projects on which this parliament has taken the lead , such as the european youth orchestra . istruzione
it is one of the most magnificent cultural educational events in the whole of london but has always fallen between two stools and not managed to get funding . educativi
i should particularly like to stress the commitment shown by our chairman , peter pex , who will be speaking shortly , by the whole of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and by the president-in-office of the council , dr peter wittmann , who tried to convince his colleagues of the need to increase the budget at the informal culture ministers council meeting in linz . istruzione
education programmes istruzione
if we can establish close-knit ties between young people in europe , such as through education networks , we will create a europe that will be stronger , more united and greater than we could ever imagine . didattiche
this idea was one of the main reasons why a european education policy has now become one of the european union 's central tasks , and it is also why we need a comprehensive concept to promote the european dimension in education . istruzione
i would add that it is not our intention to change or harmonise the education policies of the individual member states , but we would like to be able to do what the individual countries cannot do as well as we can at european level . istruzione
we should remember that education and training are also the keys to europe 's competitiveness , which is why the specific objectives of our education policy are to improve the quality of education and to prepare young people for occupational and social integration . NULL
the second is erasmus , which covers higher education , cooperation between european universities and student and teacher mobility . istruzione
the third is grundtvig , which covers other educational pathways , adult education and new educational approaches . istruzione
these education programmes make young europeans into people who think and feel intensely european , so please help us to convince the council to give us ecu 2 billion over five years . formative
a common characteristic of all three proposals is that by improving knowledge and education , both general and professional , they all aim indirectly and directly , or their result could be , to improve employment and reduce unemployment in the medium and long term . istruzione
the report by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media also discusses these ideas . cultura
as far as socrates is concerned , it involves strengthening the european dimension of education at all levels , promoting cooperation in the field of education , removing obstacles to such cooperation and fostering innovation in this area . educativa
finally , and this will lead me on to the youth for europe and voluntary service programme , i have to point out that we must very quickly ensure that recognition is given for the knowledge which the various participants in these programmes have acquired through informal education . istruzione
a fundamental point , however , is that although socrates and the other youth programmes have now become an essential part of europe 's education policy , they have also become an easy excuse for member states to avoid doing more themselves to europeanise their schools , universities and educational establishments . istruzione
the commission 's proposal for ecu 1.4 billion spread over five years is not really an increase if you take account of the latest situation as regards expenditure , the extra spending on adult education that is now included , and the additional burden created by opening up the programme to the countries of central and eastern europe . istruzione
the shortage of funding for socrates and the other youth programmes stands in stark contrast to all the fine words spoken about the need for more contact between young people in europe and the creation of a genuine european education area . formazione
all young people should be given the opportunity during their education to experience other countries and to improve their knowledge of foreign languages . formazione
this would help to europeanise education and would help young unemployed teachers to get their first break in working life . insegnamento
we must continue to develop a europe of knowledge and a europe of innovation in research , development and education , which are both absolutely vital if we are to meet the challenges of globalisation . istruzione
the new structural funds , community initiatives , the socrates and youth for europe education programmes , the reduction in the number of programme objectives from 19 to 3 and in the number of areas of action from 23 to 6 - these are more than numerical changes , they all mean that greater effectiveness is required . formazione
leonardo , which covers vocational education , and socrates , which covers education in general , must surely have the same status . NULL
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , everyone acknowledges that education and training affect economic competitiveness and progress . istruzione
there has not been a single summit that has not called for more funding for education and research , yet what happens in practice is quite different . istruzione
i think we really need to insist that the heads of government get a little more out of their finance ministers , because education is a field where work needs to be both extended and intensified . istruzione
education is a task for europe . istruzione
it goes without saying that europe is an education community . ovvi
we have to do a lot more to make sure that european schools , colleges and educational establishments are playing by our rules and abiding by what we are setting out as our objectives . formazione
i welcome these projects very much and hope the commission will do more to ensure that the education euros really do reach more europeans . istruzione
the socrates programme , which covers education in general , has done very well : 500 000 students , 30 000 language teachers and the many other young people who have taken advantage of the programme paint a very positive picture , and in view of this excellent result it seems only logical to continue to provide funding . 000
this second phase of socrates , the community action programme for education , seeks to resolve two of the main obstacles encountered in the first phase : insufficient financial resources and coordination and information difficulties between member states , commission and citizens . istruzione
socrates is the touchstone of a policy intended to bring the european union and its citizens together , and it is making a crucial contribution to the progressive construction of a european education area . educativo
furthermore , exchanges of information and experience on problems of common interest relating to education are vital if we are to guarantee any one of the cooperation activities provided for in the various measures . istruzione
in particular , this includes ortelius , the database on higher education in the fifteen member states of the european union which dgxxii and the council of ministers has wanted ever since 1993 , because it is the only database in the world permitting integrated recovery , through a single question and a cross-referenced search , of information on different educational situations , thus bringing together information dispersed across the net . istruzione
mr president , with the new phase of the three community programmes devoted to education , training and youth , we have a great opportunity to invest , at european level , in the development of human resources , especially amongst the younger generations . istruzione
we are very well aware that these programmes are not intended to replace individual national policies - which should be strengthened by them - but to become an important reference point both in developing the transnational dimension in human resources actions , and in the ongoing process of reforming the education systems in all the member states . istruzione
transnational exchanges , informal education , voluntary work and support for youth creativity are the planks of a programme which could really become a great opportunity for individual and collective growth for the young people of our continent . educazione
in particular , the european voluntary service , which has already proved itself in previous years , is destined to become one of the pillars of community policies to develop european citizenship and affirm the practice of informal education . educazione
the answer is to be found in the new education and youth programmes , i told them , and socrates , leonardo and youth for europe combined with the voluntary service activities are all making a very important contribution to developing the synergy of the european spirit . istruzione
there need to be strong links with the structural funds and hughes-start , and the aim is to integrate young people into european society , to combat the unacceptably high levels of youth unemployment , to promote cultural understanding in the union , education in tolerance and solidarity , equal opportunities for boys and girls and to fight against racism and xenophobia . educazione
this is why it is a mistake to think that we do not need to spend more money on the culture and education programmes . istruzione
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media could not understand how the commission could forget to include in its objectives the ordinary person 's involvement in and access to cultural activities and , when it comes to implementation , forget to provide greater support for the source of richness in european society , namely the ' small ' projects that involve people directly . istruzione
we have voted against mrs pack 's report today on the establishment of the second phase of the community action programme in the field of education ' socrates ' . istruzione
however , we are strongly opposed to the political overtones and undertones which are expressed in the report , for example inter-school plans , educational projects with a european dimension , european modules and the setting-up of european knowledge centres . formativi
it has allowed thousands of students to perfect their education by including the european citizenship dimension . formazione
i agree with the proposal to widen the scope of the socrates programme to include adults who have left the education system without qualifications . istruzione
i agree with the rapporteur that , despite obstacles such as insufficient financial resources and disjointed structure and functioning , the first phase of the community action programme in the field of education , socrates , has been a success that has played a major role in increasing a common sense of belonging within the union . istruzione
in a world where it is becoming increasingly difficult to separate education from training and initial training from continuing training , the integrated approach of all the programmes in the field of education , vocational training and youth is most certainly the main innovation and merit of the socrates ii programme . istruzione
nevertheless , i strongly believe that the development of a european education that transcends national borders and offers new prospects and new horizons to the european citizens of the future , is one of the key ways in which we can unify the european union and , further , the european continent into a peaceful and prosperous whole . istruzione
opening access to the ' socrates ' programme has important implications for european educational programmes in the future . formazione
this second phase of the socrates programme , like the other programmes in the field of youth and vocational training , is in line with an overall trend that places the emphasis on lifelong education and training for all . istruzione
the aim is to create a common base resulting in the creation of a european education and training area . istruzione
the report by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , as presented to us today , seems to me to be acceptable , because the european parliament is proposing a budget increase , to a total of ecu 2 000 million instead of the ecu 1 400 million proposed by the commission . istruzione
it is acceptable also because it provides for the possibility of joint action with other programmes in the field of youth and training , because it takes new information technologies into account as an educational tool and as new knowledge . educativo
however , there are few of them who wish to work to develop the european dimension , to promote awareness of true european citizenship and to promote a european educational area . formazione
the treaty of amsterdam and indeed agenda 2000 firmly place the whole of cultural policy , research , innovation , education and training policy , in short , knowledge policy , at the centre of the future evolution of the union . istruzione
what matters today is to provide the widest possible access to education and continuous updating of knowledge . istruzione
presenting its three proposals for decisions on education , training and youth , the commission sets out guidelines for community action designed to contribute to the construction of a european area of culture and education . istruzione
in a rapidly evolving world , driven by technological change and the advance of the information society , the artificial division of education and training must steadily be reduced , and this is our priority task : to draw up legislation which upholds the cultural policy of the union at all levels . istruzione
in our view , the member states should continue to have the main competence in the education sector . formazione
european education policy should only supplement and support the national policy on education . formazione
the waddington , pack , de coene and castagnetti reports on work-linked training and apprenticeship , life-long learning , transnational education , guest teachers and so on contain a number of fine proposals . formazione
mr president , the issue of education / training is so essential to our societies that so many people wanted to speak in this debate that i have been forced to put what i had to say in writing . educazione
i welcome the joint debate on the questions of education , training and youth , reflecting the growing trend towards an integrated policy on these sectors , something i obviously support . educazione
secondly , there can be no european education policy without a european language policy . educazione
yet there is another dimension if we want to stop the rifts that already exist in our societies from widening . we need more job opportunities , better education provision and a fairer distribution of resources . istruzione
it will focus on the following : education , information , communications systems and databases , cooperation and mutual assistance in investigations , defining what constitutes criminal counterfeiting activity and the introduction of penalties that will act as a deterrent . istruzione
a first job depends very much on that essential link between the institutions offering education and training and the requirements of the labour market . insegnamento
mr president , the level of unemployment in the union has remained far too high despite the favourable economic trends of recent years , primarily amongst the categories of the poorly educated and the long-term unemployed , and these include a great many women . istruite
italy 's audit office recently bemoaned the fact that a substantial percentage of graduates have difficulty in finding jobs owing to the mediocrity of the education system , in particular the universities , where the practical and applied aspects of the theoretical instruction are all too often overlooked . scolastico
concerns over investment , support for small firms , assistance for companies that employ large numbers of people , working conditions , the gradual reduction in maximum working hours and improving the management thereof , wages , social protection , training leading to genuine qualifications and appropriate education systems all give a social meaning to the terms of adaptability and employability , which , without that guidance , would be cynical objectives , concerned only with economics , as i would like the commission to remember . insegnamento
no one will seriously oppose alternatives to taxation on labour or measures to improve the climate for investment or education and training . formazione
concrete action has also been taken , for instance in reducing the number of young people leaving training and educational systems without adequate qualifications . istruzione
i should just draw your attention to a remark in the employment rates report , that high employment rates depend on educational attainment . istruzione
we have voted in favour of calling on the member states to develop national programmes in the areas of job creation , health , education and social policy , and of improving the european cooperation which already exists in this sector . istruzione
we call upon the commission to take the initiative in the following areas : child care in the member states , improved access for women to education , and the provision of new information on the situation of women in the applicant countries , both on the labour market and in society . formazione
we should also look at questions like the disability sector , the education sector and the importance of life-long learning and education and training with regard to employment and other social exclusion problems which we discussed this morning , when we were speaking about the van velzen report and the commission 's response . istruzione
as my very last point , i should like to say that our education and training programmes ought also to include provision for exchanges with america .. istruzione
at shanagolden primary school in limerick , in ireland , a new computer room with eight computers has just been opened which will enable teachers to work with pupils , including remedial pupils , in furthering their education through the use of new technology . apprendimento
secondly , it includes the educational multimedia task force , which brings together the educational activities of eight different community programmes . didattici
in this context , a joint call for proposals on the subject of educational multimedia was published in december 1996 , in which in particular socrates , leonardo da vinci , ten and three research programmes took part . didattici
one example of the 46 projects selected is the ' european schoolnet ' project , which involves the education ministries of the member states . istruzione
the socrates programme is aimed at european cooperation in education and promotes cooperation in these areas , in particular within the context of open and distance learning . istruzione
those areas which are eligible for aid from the structural funds receive additional funding from them , some of which has helped to finance suitable computer equipment for vocational training centres and further education institutions , including in ireland . formazione
however , some member states , italy for instance , interpret the directive very restrictively , only recognising , for the purposes of granting licences to consultant engineering firms , degrees from universities and higher education establishments . politecnici
thus italy is entitled to permit only graduates from universities and higher education establishments to practise as consultant engineers . istruzione
indeed , ever since the fontainebleau summit the vertical sectoral approach - that is , specific directives - for specific jobs and occupations has been replaced by a horizontal approach , in other words the general system based on semi-automatic recognition of qualifications without prior harmonisation of education and training systems . istruzione
madam president , i have some comments to make on this pre-accession strategy , resulting from my experience as rapporteur on the subject of the association of certain ccee with the education , youth and culture programme . istruzione
we have to prepare for the consequences of structural change in agriculture with an effective , wide-ranging rural policy to create new and varied enterprise action and new jobs , and that is why a high level of education and training is vital when it comes to exploiting the use of the aid given to the applicant countries . formazione
first and foremost of these is greater accessibility , by which we mean equal access to education and public services and equal opportunities to take part in public meetings and hearings . istruzione
in sweden , denmark and finland , sign language is already recognised in education , and the other member states should follow suit here . istruzione
apart from the imperative of ensuring that the fight against unemployment is the constant and top priority of economic policy , there are three other important areas in the struggle to achieve full employment : education , job security and a wages policy . formazione
the quality of family education received during early childhood and adolescence is extremely important for subsequent professional and social success . educazione
another novelty is that whereas up to now , education measures were only possible in objective 1 areas , in future they are to be promoted throughout the eu . formazione
on this subject , i am very happy that yesterday the european people 's party was also able to agree to a compromise on this , which allows us to offer hundreds of thousands of young people in europe the opportunity to improve their employment prospects through better education . formazione
this point is particularly important to me because taking portugal as an example , in that country alone 600 000 young people are profiting from education under the social fund . formazione
in spain the figure is 152 000 . in ireland , in the current promotion period alone , ecu 380 million has been deployed for education under the social fund . formazione
those objectives can be summarised as the development of proactive labour market policies , the promotion of social inclusion , the development of educational and vocational training systems to promote lifelong learning , the development of systems and models for the organisation of labour geared to producing a qualified labour force capable of facing up to the challenges of change , support for entrepreneurship and for the world of scientific and technological research , and the development of actions geared to promoting equal opportunities in the labour market . istruzione
top priority must be given to health , education and housing , as well as far-reaching agricultural reform . istruzione
i would like my government , the spanish government , to write off the debt of these countries and for all the member states to follow suit so that it can be used for physical , medical , educational or environmental infrastructures . educative
as vice-chairman of the subcommittee on human rights , i would draw your particular attention to peace education and to the citizens ' programmes which are designed to foster mutual understanding between the israelis and the palestinians . formazione
it is also important to strengthen local communities , coordinate support , address education , protect the environment , encourage organic farming and invest in bio-energy and new types of fuel such as ethanol and methanol , as well as in tourism and transport . formazione
thirty-five per cent of all structural fund programmes in ireland is presently spent in the areas of education and training under the european social fund . istruzione
while this is likely to be reduced in part post-1999 priority must remain for the provision of better education and training facilities for those who lack the necessary skills or have difficulties in securing employment . istruzione
in our opinion , objective 3 should be broadly based and allow for support for normal education . istruzione
a series of judgements and assessments are presented in the report regarding social fund measures designed to promote equal opportunities for people to be integrated into the labour market , strengthen systems of education and increase the participation of women in the labour market . formazione
at the same time , the report also contains moves towards the coordination of community instruments in education policy . formazione
a recent survey on the use of hashish among students in french schools shows that only 16 % of users are still at school at the age of 18 , compared with 75 % of the rest of students , and that 60 % of them do not progress beyond secondary education . studi
workers ' educational associations , municipal libraries , school libraries , book clubs , and so on , have been trying since the last century to motivate people to educate themselves more by reading quality literature . dal
the socialist group insists that we get concrete measures aimed at lifelong learning , at education initiatives , trying to give our people a better basic education but also giving them the skills to do value-added types of jobs . istruzione
i have visited romania several times over the last ten years and in that context it is impossible not to recognise and acknowledge the huge progress and massive changes that have taken place in romanian society , business and education , much of this in conjunction with eu partners and the tempus programme for example . istruzione
therefore , education and the youth exchange programmes are important for providing human resources , which our internal market so urgently needs to remain competitive . formazione
title b3-1 - education , vocational training and youth - was allotted additional appropriations of eur 136.4 million , and even though i have great sympathy for the demand expressed by european youth organisations for a further increase , in this budget we have in fact paved the way for these education and vocational training initiatives actually to be continued and extended . 1
it will only be possible for us to open up the japanese market if young managers - above all those from small and medium-sized enterprises - are educated about the specific features of the market and also have the opportunity to adapt to them . date
one key theme must be scientific research , innovation and the updating of cultural and educational systems , which represent the greatest challenge for the future . formativi
questions relating to the security of individuals and standards and procedures to be observed by educational establishments are a matter for member states . istruzione
so i call on the ministers of finance and in particular the ministers of education in the european union to ensure that the euro is taught about in schools and in adult education , and to provide the necessary resources for this . istruzione
we have therefore planned for specific actions to be carried out among young people and in the world of education . istruzione
there are measures that need to be taken in terms of employability , training and education for our citizens , but we also need levels of investment improved , both in the public and in the private sectors . istruzione
after the scrutiny of national budget expenditure in the light of financial discipline and the stability pact , after the reduction of public expenditure on education , health , social security and regional development , the member states are now being asked to exercise control over their budget resources , increasing those contributed by the public , working people , farmers and the self-employed , and to increase their pressures for the continuation of low pay settlements or even reduced wages by changing labour relations . istruzione
when we look at the african continent and see that there are open conflicts still taking place in sixteen countries , costing thousands of victims every day and wasting on military equipment the resources that should be spent on health , education and water supplies for its people , and when we know that 1.3 billion people in the developing countries have a purchasing power of one dollar per day , we cannot continue to dither in a way that has prevented cooperation aid from pursuing noble objectives and causes that would have easily identifiable results in relieving extreme poverty istruzione
the universal declaration states that the rights to an adequate standard of life , housing , medical care , social security , education and employment are also human rights . istruzione
they were science and research , telecommunications and information technology , education and training , culture and audiovisual policy , industrial policy , small and medium-sized enterprises and the common foreign and security policy . istruzione
i am also delighted that this outcome has been endorsed by the standing conference of european ministers of education and that the ministers also adopted the draft budget , which meant that a common position could be drawn up approving a budget totalling ecu 14.3 million ( 10.2 million for kaleidoscope and 4.1 million for ariane ) . cultura
i also agree with the idea of the right of access to the labour market , health care , social security , housing , education and the courts . istruzione
i am in charge of sport for the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and we are still waiting for the commission to produce a directive on sport . istruzione
because we are concerned about our young people , because we consider sport to have a role in education and to be a means of preventing exclusion and marginal behaviour , we want the european union and international sporting circles to condemn unequivocally the use of doping substances . educativo
so let us commit ourselves in the european parliament to children 's happiness , to ensuring that they are free from hunger , that they are educated and that they are never used as child soldiers . istruzione
their high level of unemployment , poor prospects for promotion and precarious work situation cannot all be attributed to their lower level of education . istruzione
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , i shall not try to analyse those issues on which there is general agreement and which others have already touched upon , such as the general nature of the action plan or the limited innovations it contains , the need to launch projects based on genuine and diverse partnerships , the urgent need for an overarching vision of the fight against racism , the need for education starting at school , the urgent need for awareness-raising and information campaigns , or , lastly , the need to evaluate legislative progress made istruzione
i believe too little attention has been paid to the immense importance of the european union educational and youth programmes , when they are at their best , in increasing mutual knowledge and understanding and thus dispelling xenophobia . rivolti
therefore , rather than rehearsing here the content of the action plan against racism , of which we are critical , a plan which says very little of substance even concerning its proposed aims or the intended funding , it would be preferable for the member states to support the battle - now well under way - against racial discrimination , fostering the acceptance of minority groups through a series of political and educational initiatives in respect of employment , education , health , social security , the right to housing and public and private services . pedagogiche
i support his proposal for political and educational initiatives to assist the acceptance of minority groups in the societies of member states . formative
the next item is the report ( a4-0464 / 98 ) by mr evans , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council decision adopting the third phase of the trans-european cooperation scheme for higher education - tempus iii ( 2000-2006 ) ( com ( 98 ) 0454 - c4-0554 / 98-98 / 0246 ( cns ) ) . istruzione
education , like so many aspects of life in the eastern bloc countries had suffered . paesi
the tempus project sought to bridge that gap and to build an educational bridge to the 1990s : a bridge built on the foundations of eu finances , grants to help academics to travel and share experiences , and grants for joint projects and initiatives of mutual benefit . istruzione
the tempus project was also the provider of new and up-to-date equipment , enabling students and their teachers to be connected to the very best of educational opportunities . docenti
in a wider frame , education plays a crucial role in developing economies and regenerating industry and whole regions . istruzione
to build a successful country you need a thriving economy and to get that you have to invest in education at every level . istruzione
without it there would be serious deficiencies in their education system and we , the people of western europe and the more prosperous nations , would undoubtedly suffer the knock-on effect . istruzione
i know and have seen how tempus has helped other countries develop their educational systems and we must now ensure and do everything we can to make certain that tempus helps these new and continuing recipients . istruzione
especially those projects that are based on education and young people must bring people together and include as many sections of society as possible . istruzione
it is true that some academics are perhaps more concerned , understandably so , with the educational aspects and are not quite so concerned about the minutiae required under the grants and accounting procedures . didattici
madam president , as the rapporteur mr evans has just explained very clearly , this programme essentially helps education to become an economic benefit in countries with a great need for it . cultura
he rightly states that education is an essential part of the development of these countries . paesi
one area remains to be addressed and that is our knowledge of what is happening in the educational systems of these countries . istruzione
we have not had too much experience of journeys to us as oppposed to our students going to eastern european countries and that is an area where our education could be considerably improved . conoscenze
throughout the 1990s the tempus programme has been a very important and effective tool for the growth and improvement of university education in the central and eastern european countries , and later the newly independent countries . insegnamento
from the point of view of the central and eastern european countries this programme has significantly improved the conditions for universities and colleges to participate in the community education programmes which later became available to them . istruzione
the focus of this activity will be the administrative reorganisation of the universities and educational developments that will involve opening doors to the world of business and enterprise . svilupparne
through education the programme will thus be helping to promote reforms in the economy , democracy and government . NULL
thirdly , i welcome it because it is from my friend , mr evans , who is a tribute to higher education himself . istruzione
we need more money for this programme and all education programmes to make them a reality , for the new member states in particular . istruzione
precisely because the measures in the realm of tertiary education have a really vital role to play in the integration process , a huge responsibility falls on the commission and all other players in this field . istruzione
madam president , the tempus programme has been successful ; it has made a unique contribution to the third-level system of education in the countries of central and eastern europe . istruzione
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has done an enormous job in the organisation of these programmes in preparation for the challenges of the next millennium . NULL
the backing and cooperation of all the institutional bodies , parliament , the council , the economic and social committee , led very quickly - on 7 may 1990 - to the decision to establish the tempus programme , in other words the legal framework for adapting the results of the experiences gained from the community educational programmes erasmus and comet to the special conditions that prevail in the eastern countries . istruzione
in reply to the question asked by mrs banotti , i should like to say that the commission is preparing a report on the impact we have had on the educational systems in beneficiary countries , and of course that report will deal with each country separately . educativi
the tempus programme is a trans-european cooperation scheme for higher education . it makes a significant contribution not only to higher education , but also to strengthening democracy in non-member countries of central and eastern europe and the former soviet union . istruzione
with reference to countries that are participating in the tempus programme and where democracy and civil liberties and rights are still disregarded by the regimes in power - for example belarus - i should like to point out the importance of the programme 's objectives of reinforcing the independence of higher education , improving its administration and demonstrating its crucial role in economic , social and political reform . istruzione
the next item is the report ( a4-0467 / 98 ) by mrs leperre-verrier , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the proposal for a council decision concerning the community position within the association council on the participation of hungary in a community programme within the framework of community audiovisual policy ( com ( 97 ) 0562 - c4-0637 / 97-97 / 0311 ( cns ) ) . istruzione
coming after the decisions in the education , youth and culture sectors , which have enabled some ceec countries , including hungary , to participate in our programmes , this decision relates to another area that is of paramount importance for pre-accession strategies , namely , the audiovisual sector . NULL
this is what caused the difficulties that at first led to the vote on this association plan being delayed in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media . cultura
mr president , my interest in this subject stems not just from my membership of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media but also from my membership of the joint parliamentary committee with hungary . istruzione
the tao for leonardo has worked so well that the leonardo programme is generally regarded as a success , and the council of education ministers has just substantially increased its budget . istruzione
hitherto , i should say that i have always had the support of parliament , of the committees concerned , which are those on education and research , and that thanks to that support and that confidence , we have achieved good results compared with the council , which is currently extremely reticent when it comes to expenditure . istruzione
we have moved things forward which are new in education , as it is only since maastricht that the commission has had responsibility for education . istruzione
the next item is the proposal ( a4-0509 / 98 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , for a declaration of intended rejection of the common position adopted by the council ( c4-0493 / 98-97 / 0290 ( cod ) ) with a view to adopting a european parliament and council decision establishing a community action for the ' european capital of culture ' event for the years 2005 to 2019 ( rapporteur : mr monfils ) . istruzione
that is also the aim that we are pursuing in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and we do not intend to abandon it . istruzione
the agreement signed in 1998 involved a sum of ecu 3 250 million and the production and broadcasting of 42 five-minute news programmes with on-the-spot reports , 168 two-minute educational cartoons and 222 three and a half-minute news items . didattici
promoting education is a good thing but it is not enough . scolarizzazione
i therefore call on honourable members to support the liberal group 's amendment to article 19 which calls for the combating of child labour by means of european measures to support children 's education . istruzione
if this is not done , if the council refuses , it is likely that when discussions have ended , the committee on culture , youth , education and the media will put forward a motion rejecting the common position . opponesse
however , the development of a whole range of independent european initiatives goes too far in the opinion of our group , for example when it comes to promoting education and training opportunities for young people in other countries . istruzione
it is up to politicians to create the conditions so that well- educated , innovative farmers - and this is how i see the farmers of the future - can ensure that rural areas retain their attraction . attraente
using the argument of american supremacy in the electronic commerce sector to exclude europe from being a pioneer in the creation of this new global economic space , as recommended by the opinion of the committee on culture , youth education and the media , is an unrealistic attitude . it implies that we should stick our heads in the sand and ignore or refuse to understand the major changes in the world today . cultura
the phare programme is an important tool in this respect , as is the education and exchange programme . formazione
it is crucial because we must ensure that there are no further obstacles in the path to a fair referendum that will provide an important boost for a brave and valiant race which , under terrible conditions , educates and cares for the health of its people . fornisce
he mentions reforming the agricultural legislation so that the land that was stolen from the peasants can be given back to them . he also talks about a law on natural resources , and the fact that four basic needs must be met : housing , health , education and employment . istruzione
in this field , education is an essential environment for political action seeking to encourage the strengthening of a strong and healthy civil society . educazione
it is important that we improve training so that fishing training is as well organised as agricultural training and education . istruzione
given our commitment to the aim of putting a genuine information society in place as soon as possible , we are also delighted that this initiative represents a further step towards the implementation of agreements concerning interconnection arrangements , making preferential tariffs for schools , libraries and other educational institutions a reality . biblioteche
if access by part of the population to the information media is denied or obstructed , stark differences in education levels will result , and these could create a glaring inequality of opportunity in the job market . istruzione
school curricula and training programmes in the member states will have to be reformed so as to emphasise knowledge of applied technology , educational breadth , new career profiles and the mentality of lifelong learning . formazione
thirdly , instead of merely considering how to share out the existing workload among more people , the member states must launch education and training campaigns . istruzione
by basic conditions i do not mean the supply-side policies that some countries have been pursuing , but the conditions for a modern system of education and vocational training . istruzione
i was also pleased to hear mrs edelgard bulmahn , the german federal minister of education and research , emphasising to our committee that many member states - including germany , unfortunately - have education systems that are not europe-friendly , not to mention their systems of further education , which are essentially at odds with the objectives we always proclaim in connection with lifelong learning . istruzione
a lot of mention has been made within the report and by colleagues speaking here tonight , and i am sure the commissioner will also touch on it , about the importance of lifelong learning and education . istruzione
by investing more of our resources into giving real education and real training to our people then we can guarantee that they will benefit from the huge explosion in job creation opportunities which will be presented . istruzione
let us focus on education , let us work together for the common good . istruzione
vocational training and further education systems must be adapted ever more rapidly to changing employment structures . formazione
leonardo ii in particular will offer excellent opportunities for cooperation in education and training , and it is imperative that these opportunities should be taken . leonardo
inadequate school education , a lack of vocational training , an absence of further education and insufficient skills prevent many people from obtaining employment . istruzione
madam president , i have a point of order on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media . istruzione
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media is sorry to see that mr bangemann is apparently so afraid of it that he felt obliged to exercise his prerogatives under the rules of procedure and criticise the committee as a whole for having presumed to express its own views on the substance of the report in the form of a letter . bangemann
who is the prime source of education for children ? educa
we believe that children must be protected against abuse , that they must be integrated in society and be covered by acceptable provision in the education and social fields and so on , but this is and will continue to be a responsibility for the member states . istruzione
to the authors of those amendments , which defend the family as an essential component of our society , with the family based on a couple offering a solid educational framework , i would like to say that i agree with them and wholeheartedly support them . educativo
these findings make it clear that firstly , partnership for peace is only a stepping stone to full nato membership and secondly , that partnership for peace is very much connected to the principle of helping weapons manufacturers to sell weapons to these countries , countries who do not even have money to provide proper health care and education for their citizens . istruzione
the stark reality is that eu and u.s arms manufacturers have helped fuel conflicts around the world and coerced poor countries into buying weapons which caused death and destruction and diverted much needed monies away from essential services such as health and education . istruzione
as cooperation with china increases , we should place greater emphasis on the social situation and those areas where we might be able to support development , such as youth exchange programmes , education and increasing the number of non-governmental organisations . istruzione
similarly , the fact that the internet is becoming more common calls for the implementation of adapted tariffs , both for individual users and for educational establishments . istruzione
mr president , i too should like to join in the congratulations to the rapporteur , also on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , because i think that the draft report , as subsequently adopted in the committee responsible , does actually adapt the legislation effectively to the new technical reality . istruzione
both the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights have opted here for non-compulsory provisions , because - and this is also in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity - they give the member states a certain amount of scope when drawing up their own legislation . istruzione
the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights has generously accepted a number of the ideas put forward by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , which means that we can also support the report 's adoption in the form in which it has been presented by the legal affairs committee . istruzione
i have submitted a number of amendments to this report to ensure that there will be no reduction in the dissemination of information through public libraries , educational facilities and so on ; that indigenous culture will be preserved and developed ; that the needs of disabled people will not be undermined by this legislation and that the cultural and social importance of major sporting events will be protected . pedagogiche
the public must retain the right to information and education at libraries and other publicly financed institutions . studiare
in education , for example , could we imagine asking teachers to give up half their salary to pay for the education service ? insegnamento
this , contrary to the opinion of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media in particular , would not improve conditions for european artists to get their work published and sold . istruzione
it is absolutely critical to have exemptions for the disabled , education , research , archives , investigative journalism and libraries . educativi
the commission is aware of the major challenge which the transition to the euro represents for the educational sector . insegnamento
a working group entitled ' education and the euro ' has been set up , comprising representatives of the ministers for education and the national agencies of the socrates programme . istruzione
this group 's work concerns the promotion of educational initiatives on the euro and the exchange of information and good practice in this area . pedagogico
the work of this group has led notably to the creation of an inventory of educational tools and initiatives on the euro , both at national and community level , which is accessible on the internet on the page entitled ' the euro at school ' on the europa server . pedagogici
with regard to the issue of educational software and multimedia , it will also be very useful to be able to introduce incentives and invitations to tender relating to the euro so that we obtain responses to our proposals which we can then disseminate if they are good . educativi
we must not only pursue a policy of education by constantly denouncing human rights violations , but we must also provide development aid for those countries and regions where human rights are flouted . dobbiamo
in the proposal , we have identified the following basic areas in which we think our citizens and immigrants should receive the same treatment : access to the labour market and freedom to pursue an activity as a self-employed person , basic education , vocational training , trade union rights , freedom of association , and access to the housing market and social assistance . istruzione
i would also like to thank him for the educational way in which he presented his report , outlining , as he did , its key aspects : its objective , in case we were in any doubt ; its scope ; its content ; and its focus . istruttiva
taken to the extreme , the contents of the report would mean that copyright legislation would prevent them from fulfilling their non-commercial , educational function . didattica
there still needs to be a right of reproduction for scientific and cultural works which are educational rather than commercial , together with a flat rate payment if more than 20 % of the book is reproduced . culturali
we should support the concrete demands set out in relation to telecommunications , research and development , education and training and the prevention of natural disasters . formazione
however , as the committee of the regions points out , we can encourage cooperation financially in areas such as research and development , technology transfer , education and culture , the improvement of sea and air connections , environmental protection and access to information technology . formazione
what is being made available here for the cooperation between the european union and the state of israel is therefore a considerable mass of talent with high levels of education , competence and diligence . istruzione
so this report confines itself to the question of turkey 's participation in the education and training programmes . istruzione
i would therefore ask you to support me in calling for turkey to participate in the community 's education and training and youth exchange programmes . istruzione
we think turkey must be included in the educational programmes because the level of education of a society always has a direct bearing on the progress of democracy . istruzione
now , by extending european youth and education programmes to turkey , the eu is taking another step down this road . istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0062 / 99 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position adopted by the council ( c4-0018 / 99-98 / 0195 ( cod ) ) with a view to adopting a european parliament and council decision establishing the second phase of the community programme in the field of education ( socrates ) ( rapporteur : mrs pack ) . istruzione
we have to create the necessary european added value , the european dimension in the education and training system , by creating a european area of education and training . istruzione
we are not trying to take over any of the obligations of national , regional and local politicians to carry out european education and training activities ; but we want to give them the extra help that is more than ever needed to achieve coexistence on a basis of tolerance in europe . istruzione
sunday speeches may well tell of a europe in which young people meet each other , a europe of tolerance and a common education and training area ; in practice , however , great difficulties arise when it comes to funding decisions . culturale
but surely it would be a good thing , and reflect a genuine european vision , if as many young people as possible could receive part of their education in a neighbouring country . istruzione
in contrast , the council 's proposal of only eur 1.5 billion for seven years is not really an increase in funding but , as mrs pack rightly said , no increase at all if you consider the total duration of the programme , if you look at the extra tasks of adult education and opening up the programme to central and eastern europe , if you seriously want to remove the social bias apparent in some parts of the programme . educazione
if we want to work together in partnership on education and training at european level , we must keep all the parties concerned informed about education and training issues . istruzione
in terms of schools , that means we must first of all inform parents and teachers , so that they can recognise and promote the european dimension of education and training jointly with the young people involved . istruzione
especially in the central and eastern european countries , in cyprus and in the baltic states , parents and others involved in education and training expect to be given the means to support the process of democratisation in schools and in society . istruzione
they all regard adult education as a big chance of moving towards a more democratic society in their country . istruzione
here again the old saying i learned at school about adult education still applies : it is often more important to educate and train parents and adults than young people . istruzione
it is further justified by the fact that european industrial and commercial competitiveness depends greatly on the level of education we can offer our young people and our older citizens too . formazione
socrates brings genuine european added value to the national dimension of our education systems as it encourages the learning of european languages and the study of other cultures all around us . istruzione
socrates enables students and teachers to meet and it also allows cooperation between teaching establishments , improved recognition of qualifications and experience of other european educational systems . istruzione
the introduction of minerva , which is intended to encourage the use of multimedia in education , is an excellent innovation in my opinion , as also are the joint projects to be conducted with other community programmes such as leonardo and youth for europe . istruzione
mrs pack has been a good fighter for socrates in parliament for the past five years during which time i have sat with her in the committee on culture , youth , education and the media . istruzione
although we managed to get an increase in the budget , it is clear that the increase is inadequate to meet the demands of the growing numbers of countries that want , quite rightly , to participate in the education programmes under socrates . formazione
the evidence is very clear from my knowledge of the programmes as a former lecturer in higher education , that the more we can get young people across europe meeting and talking to each other , the more they will understand the importance of europe and the importance of building europe . universitario
mr president , we are in the midst of a transition from an industrial society to a society based on knowledge , in which education is the new social issue . istruzione
one major building block on the way to creating a europe of knowledge is the socrates programme for general education , as leonardo is for vocational training . istruzione
these education and training programmes improve individuals ' knowledge and abilities and equip them for the future . due
good quality school education and the application of our concept of life-long learning are a way of mastering many of the challenges facing us , for the profile of tomorrow 's workers is as follows : the ability to develop leadership abilities and to act independently , while at the same time showing a team spirit and social skills . NULL
we must respond to this with cultural initiatives , with education and training measures . istruzione
we have the experience of a particular situation in austria , in kärnten , where we have very special slovenian and german-language educational facilities because of the slovenian minority . carinzia
socrates phase one has been a very worthwhile experiment in transnational education . istruzione
apart from its obvious educational dimension , socrates has provided a sense of belonging and an opportunity for young people to share and enjoy the cultural diversity of the european union and its member states . formativa
it exposes young people through well-designed educational programmes to the differing lifestyles and individuality of each eu country , while at the same time helping them to appreciate more their own rich and diverse heritage . NULL
i welcome the fact that the council has now reached a common position on future education and training programmes including the socrates programme , that the operational time for the new programme is to be extended to seven years and that the budget is to be significantly increased . istruzione
the content of the second generation of education and training programmes was decided on the basis of the discussion on the white paper on teaching and learning , by the green paper on cross-frontier mobility and by the europe of knowledge programme . istruzione
one innovation found in socrates ii , as a consequence of the concept of life-long learning called for in all education and training programmes , is the inclusion of adult education in the grundtvig programme . educazione
another innovation is that we now have a training programme with a female name , in the form of the minerva education and multi-media technology programme , another successful proposal by doris pack . istruzione
we must not forget that most of the applicant states can already take part in the training and education programmes and that more and more of them will be able to do so in the next seven years . istruzione
that really is the minimum we can ask for if the socrates programme is to continue to be applied successfully for young people , for students and teachers and for all those who want to teach and engage in further education in europe . istruzione
mr president , the socrates programme is one of the most important channels of support for mobility and diversity of education within the community . istruzione
when we discuss any issues regarding education we have to see this as an investment in the future for our young people to give them the skills to adapt to the changing technologies in the changing world in which we live . istruzione
however , as many speakers have said , despite what the council may say about the importance of education and despite the commission 's good faith regarding lifelong learning , there is a lack of commitment on financial resources . istruzione
if member state governments will not provide this , we should reduce the amount of money they receive under the socrates programme and other education programmes . formazione
mr president , anyone who is seriously concerned about education and training , about mobility and therefore about giving the young people of europe greater opportunities on the labour market must also be most concerned about socrates ii . formazione
i must particularly thank mrs pack for her excellent report and also her colleagues on the committee on culture , youth , education and the media for their constant support . istruzione
as you know , the council of ministers for education of 4 december adopted common positions on the first two programmes , although a consensus was not reached on the youth for europe programme for budgetary reasons . istruzione
i must thank you for having accepted the ' european educational area ' concept in amendment no 2 , as defined in our proposals . istruzione
the term ' area of cooperation in the field of education and training ' requested by the council has excessively technical and abstract overtones and would be difficult for people to understand . educativo
on the other hand , ' educational area ' sends a strong political message to all the citizens of the union and clearly indicates to them the direction that the community is taking in education and training . istruzione
i believe it quite simply represents a lost opportunity to educate smokers in the use of better-quality tobacco as a health protection measure . pregio
already this evening we have spoken about educational cooperation in connection with the socrates programme when we discussed the pack report , and we expressed our gratification at the fact that european union funds had paved the way for closer cooperation in the field of education in precisely those areas . discusso
in relation to the report from the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , the european parliament is today suggesting that we include turkey among the beneficiaries of the socrates and youth for europe iii programmes . istruzione
what is at stake here is whether to allow turkey to become involved in community programmes on education and youth . istruzione
such cooperation must be encouraged and this increased mobility and the general european dimension must be developed at all stages of education . educative
at the last meeting of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , our rapporteur was able to reach a compromise with our colleague mr elchlepp , and we now have a very good report in our hands . istruzione
like mrs banotti , i note that the committee on women 's rights has to some extent taken possession of the daphne programme , which is the result of the initiative taken by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and which to begin with was mainly directed towards the campaign against paedophilia . istruzione
campaigns must be mounted to educate and inform women , to convince them to look after themselves . convinte
at the moment we are trying to pursue major initiatives in the health sector , but the same principle also applies in education , science and technology . istruzione
women today are better educated and more mobile than ever and the number of women in employment is rising . qualificata
an ongoing coordinated policy supporting and promoting artistic creation and education may be the missing factor needed by european society to make the leap into the 21st century . educazione
this report by mrs guinebertière , as amended by the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , lays the foundations of a genuine integrated and comprehensive youth policy . istruzione
i have also supported paragraph 10 , simply because if one wants to reduce the number of abortions , one should recognise the right of individuals to avail of counselling about sex education , including counselling about responsibilities in relationships and information about contraception . educazione
we must ensure that the limited scope that does exist , in terms of both competence and resources , is harnessed to achieve maximum results in terms of cooperation , information exchanges , identification of best practice , and health education - as has already been done under the various specific programmes and the 1993 framework programme . educazione
i am unaware of the reasons behind this situation you describe though i can make an educated guess at them . potendole
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0106 / 99 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the common position adopted by the council ( 9268 / 1 / 98 - c4-0493 / 98-97 / 0290 ( cod ) ) with a view to adopting a european parliament and council decision establishing a community action for the ' european capital of culture ' event for the years 2005 to 2019 ( rapporteur : mr monfils ) . istruzione
however , this compromise would not have been possible either without the constant support of the members of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and its chairman ; they have continually supported the rapporteur 's opinions and have cooperated closely - through the amendments they have proposed - on the improvements to be made to the text , as well as taking part in the negotiations along with myself . istruzione
in the long run , only an increased awareness of the problems through information and education will lead to responsible use of our limited energy resources . formazione
giving a fresh boost to the trans-european networks and investing in education , training and the information society could help to reverse that trend . istruzione
i support many of the proposals in the report , but time permits me to highlight only three , namely the wish to channel more investments into research , education and training for reasons of competitiveness , the wish to restrict the consumption of non-renewable resources while developing new forms of sustainable technology , and lastly the need to reduce labour costs without endangering the funding of social security systems . istruzione
i fully believe that society must take on its full responsibilities in terms of training and education in both the short and long term . istruzione
a great many tacis projects have been set up , ranging from projects promoting democracy , transport , energy , telecommunications , education and the environment , to projects aimed at combating drug trafficking . istruzione
to conclude , i would like to say that the european union must increase its aid and assistance to the ngos in the area , which , through discussion and political education , are trying to promote mutual understanding of the history of the communities that live in the region . educazione
there are many progressive elements in cuban society , for example a level of social justice which for the region is advanced , and endeavours in the field of education and health care . istruzione
it will also examine how the education and training of seafarers are funded in the member states . istruzione
education for girls is of crucial importance since the figures show that educated women are at less risk from maternal and infant mortality . scolarizzazione
children must be able to attend school to get the education and training that will give them a future . istruzione
in our view , there is also a need for clearer guidelines for carrying out joint operations , as well as for education and training activities . formazione
madam president , this is a praiseworthy report which should promote access to education , employment and experience , combat discrimination and enhance equality of opportunity and the integration of handicapped people into the labour market and working life . formazione
it is essential that the labour market partners are included in the cooperation process from the outset in order to reinforce employability , since the whole point of education is to have a job at the end . formazione
if britain is to become a high-skill , high-wage economy , then higher education must be opened up to as broad a cross-section of society as possible . formazione
this high-tech university will promote life-long learning and make higher education accessible to those who might not normally have the opportunity . frequentarla
the freedom and easy access offered by the internet , that make it of such great use in business and education , also make it the ideal tool for those who wish to disseminate horrific material such as child pornography . scuola
and so it is a matter of educating consumers : moderation , quality and teaching people how to drink - and , above all , how much to drink . educazione
in the council a number of member states are seeking longer limits on the basis of the time needed to provide basic university education to sufficient numbers of would-be doctors . studi
the reform of the educational system is due to take effect in september of this year . nel
if education fails to achieve an alliance between reason and emotion to keep instincts in check , they are unleashed and the door is opened to all kinds of violence . NULL
this presupposes that the media will cease to cultivate violence systematically and that moral education will once again become a major requirement . educazione
we need comprehensive measures to prevent trafficking , to educate the public and to protect the victims , as well as cooperation and coordination with the judiciary , the police , the competent authorities and , last but not least , with the non-governmental organisations that operate in this field ; this cooperation and coordination must take place within each member state , between the member states and with the relevant countries outside the european union . informative
lastly , ladies and gentlemen , we must continue to liberalise the telecommunications , energy and transport sectors and guarantee better financing for smes . we also need to reform the social welfare and tax systems as well as the education and professional training systems . istruzione
we obviously welcomed the stability pact , but an additional stability policy which strangles public budgets , robbing them of all political room for manoeuvre and making it impossible for them to create the necessary basic conditions in education , research and training , is no good to anyone . istruzione
i particularly welcome the rapporteur 's call for priority to be given to smes , strengthening r & d , encouraging environmental protection , the involvement of the third sector , improvements in education and training and the promotion of social inclusion . istruzione
we should nevertheless bear in mind that russia has an educated population and a splendid culture which will challenge the individualism and materialism of the west . istruzione
the commission has proposed continuing the efforts of recent years to focus the internal policies on growth and employment-related expenditure , in particular research and technical development , trans-european networks , education and training , and on the small- and medium-sized enterprises , which has been a parliamentary initiative . istruzione
it will be thanks to us that more support is to be given to education and training , and above all it is thanks to us that the flexibility instrument can be increased . istruzione
five : we have sent out wrong signals in this respect , namely that we will continue to concentrate on intervention , in the central and eastern european states too , instead of educating them for the market , possibly also for the world market , mr fischler ! prepararli
it is about enabling individuals to progress into the new millennium ; about letting people themselves make that progress through training and education , by increasing their chances of getting a job , about helping them to move forward over time to a better job and to a better standard of living . istruzione
his efforts are much appreciated , his efforts to educate and inform and bring public opinion along were commendable . istruire
this weakness does not simply concern mr öcalan , but the more important issue of the human rights of all turks and , more especially , the large kurdish minority in turkey , whose identity , language , education and political expression is not recognised . cultura
the next item is the report ( a4-0195 / 99 ) by mr hoppenstedt , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the communication from the commission to the council and the european parliament entitled ' expo 2000 hannover ' ( com ( 99 ) 0131 - c4-0153 / 99 ) . istruzione
we need to help prevent illness and we need to educate peoples and governments in europe that mental illness is not to be feared , not to be ignored . insegnare
in addition , this laboratory offers a further education programme which is particularly concerned with the consideration of environmental contaminants . aggiornamento
what cannot be ignored are the challenges of globalisation now facing our union , the explosion of the audiovisual and information society , the need for an educational capacity of great depth and breadth and , finally , the need to establish the legitimacy of our institutions and reinvigorate their forms . istruzione
this vote does not concern expressly the italian mario monti ( trade ) , the luxembourger viviane reding ( culture and education ) and the british national chris patten ( external affairs ) who , and i myself am convinced of this , left behind an indelible impression of competence and an ability to communicate . istruzione
part of this contribution will be used for unrwa ' s educational programmes . istruzione
within the health programme , the majority will go towards the education programme . educativo
i accept it is quite a large part of the eur 120 million that are being given and 85 % of our budget of about eur 40 million per annum is for education , which i consider the right way forward . istruzione
we are helping to educate half a million children . istruzione
i hope that this proposal will be acted upon quickly because as mrs morgantini pointed out there is urgency , teachers are losing their jobs or not being employed and education and medical help is essential . istruzione
all the endeavours to bring education and health care up to standard , no matter how valuable in themselves , were still unable to solve the political problem of the refugees . istruzione
the programme is urgently necessary , for health care and the education programme are basic services . istruzione
the tenth triennial convention covers the period 1999 to 2001 and provides for a contribution of eur 120.82 million to unrwa ' s regular education and health programmes . istruzione
education and the provision of information can contribute to improving and enhancing citizens ' relationship with the foodstuffs they eat . sensibilizzazione
at the grass roots level of the family , we see the large scale on which families are without breadwinners and children without people to bring them up , whilst at local and regional level the social , health and educational problems are really getting out of hand . scolastici
the education campaigns and condom advertising in tanzania and uganda have shown that success is possible . formazione
health and education programmes must be targeted at the african continent where the aids plague is out of control . educazione
the loss of young men and women in the prime of their lives is devastating as regards economic development and productivity , education , agriculture and a whole host of socio-economic spheres . istruzione
so we have to ask the question : why does such a discrepancy exist why are there such stark contrasts in terms of the sheer scale of the poverty of people ' s lives in africa and , of course the resulting lack of proper health services , education , and aids treatments . istruzione
that is why many of the measures in save ii are aimed at households - better design of houses , more economical household appliances and effective education programmes . educazione
and not only is bilateral support from some countries being used - since bilateral cooperation with countries of central and eastern europe is also taking place - but we should take into account the support which they receive via the save programme and other community programmes , by means of which companies are contracted - which are involved in such areas as support , instruction , education and the spread of good practice - and , clearly , amongst them there are companies from the european union . istruzione
these duties are sometimes as high as 90 % in the case of lesotho and this , of course , will affect these countries ' ability to spend on essential health and education and other social needs . istruzione
they are making demands here and now for food , housing , education , that is to say , all the things which we in the western world take for granted . istruzione
whilst serbian academics have been banned from international scientific circles , we are concerned about the fact that students in serbia have no contact with foreign educational institutions . lagna
for example , as the person responsible for education within the commission , i have already looked at the question , with the ministers for education , of how we can ensure that as many young people , as many schools as possible , have internet access . istruzione
in order to tackle this scourge , health education and welfare resources must be mobilised on a massive scale . educazione
the european commission has in fact announced , in its communication in july , that it wishes to liberalise new services , such as health , education , but also investments and public contracts . istruzione
they say that we should extend our policies of liberalisation to an ever-greater number of sectors and countries , including agriculture and services essential to development and essential to improving the quality of life of our citizens , such as education and health . istruzione
i am also thinking of education . istruzione
this is one choice , but it is not ours and we do not want a situation where tomorrow , in europe , the inclusion of services in the scope of the wto leads to the rules of competition and market openness being applied to sectors such as health and education . istruzione
as for the problems of health and education , we do not think , we do not foresee and we do not wish to call into question the public policy objectives in these areas within the proposals on the liberalisation of services in the next round . istruzione
mr president , this is the third occasion i have been asked to be draftsman for the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . istruzione
our main education programme , socrates , and the programmes of youth and culture have been mauled by the council of ministers . istruzione
in the year 2000 , the eu will spend less than eur 2 per citizen on education , encouraging young people to participate in exchange programmes or to acquire knowledge of different languages and cultures , on informing its citizens about the future developments of the union while supporting our audio-visual industry . istruzione
twenty-five million people in africa are going to die of aids , twenty-five million potential patients , nine tenths of whom , due to lack of scanning and lack of sex education , are unaware of the danger lurking in their body . educazione
the labour market , education and training are key areas for the active promotion of women and accompanying measures , e.g. support for dependants , play a major role for women in particular and help to make access to the labour market easier . NULL
one case that illustrates where we should be careful not to end up is that the unhcr is still today funding and managing primary education in rwanda . scuole
fair treatment includes not just the right of access to social services or education , but also the right to vote and free movement in the eu . istruzione
long-term british residents from non-eu countries , from the commonwealth for example , will now receive guaranteed equal access to education , health care and other benefits on the continent . istruzione
it must be added that a genuine policy on culture and education is needed today more than ever , since it is the actual basis of european politics . formazione
above all , however , it gives a human face to the distant and bureaucratic politics of europe and puts the citizen in the centre of activity and debate , as is also happening with the " youth " programme and with the " socrates " education programme . socrates
legislating and taking action in the field of culture and education directly shapes the european soul which has so often been elusive . istruzione
the members of the committee on culture have a better understanding than the committee on budgets as to how the money should be distributed amongst cultural and educational institutions . scolastiche
is it acceptable that the committee on culture , youth , education , media and sport has been given eur 167.33 million per year when it is asking for eur 250 million ? istruzione
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a5-0038 / 1999 ) , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the common position adopted by the council with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council decision establishing the youth community action programme [ 13175 / 1 / 1999 - c5-0022 / 1999 - 1998 / 0197 ( cod ) ] ( rapporteur : mrs gröner ) . istruzione
the action programme sets out to contribute to the realisation of a european sphere of education which promotes lifelong learning and facilitates the unrestricted exercise of citizens ' rights . formazione
for a programme of seven years ' duration , the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport requires an overall financial package of eur 980 million . istruzione
the education of european youth is not an area in which money-saving measures are to be taken . istruzione
mr president , i should like to remind this house that in agenda 2000 we give a high priority to youth education and training but this priority is not reflected within the budget allocation to the youth action programme . istruzione
funds must be targeted mainly at emphasising the educational dimension of sport . educativa
the next item is the report ( a5-0024 / 1999 ) by mr gargani , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the proposal for a council decision concerning community participation in the european audiovisual observatory ( com ( 1999 ) 111 - c5-0019 / 1999 - 1999 / 0066 ( cns ) ) . istruzione
it is unfortunate that , as a result of a vote taken by the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , it is being proposed that financing for the observatory should be safeguarded for just three years , going against the position of the rapporteur , the chairman of the committee , mr gargani , among others . istruzione
if the funds for nuclear testing and armament were released and channelled towards more productive investments in economic and social cohesion , education , culture and the protection of the environment , then this could ensure conciliation and peaceful co-existence and enhance mutual relations and equal cooperation . istruzione
at a time when economic recovery might permit both a reduction of public deficits and a policy of maintaining growth , effective coordination of budgetary policies focusing mainly on infrastructural investments , research , education and training could achieve a sustainable economic revival . istruzione
thirdly , we need to give innovation in education policy a boost , because many young people , and also the long-term unemployed , cannot find work on the job market with their qualifications , because they are not yet adequately qualified to cope with new developments in technology . formazione
also , we must not forget those late developers who we need to give a second chance to by opening doors to our education and training systems . istruzione
in particular , this requires reform and modernisation of education and training which must be of benefit to everyone , without discrimination based on social environment or on the individual , and which must take technological and it developments into account , and a ferocious fight against all forms of unemployment and job insecurity . istruzione
employment cannot be assessed simply in terms of the creation of jobs . it is important , above all , to consider the quality of employment , of education and the quality of training for all . istruzione
i support the proposals which emphasised that young women in particular should be taken into account when educational initiatives for the information society are planned . formativi
for example , for a number of years the community has been providing support to countries in which there is a particular problem with regard to the economic exploitation , abandonment and prostitution of children through special projects aimed at fostering social assistance , protection , well-being , reintegration and education . istruzione
the commission is also undertaking action in the social field and the educational field with a view to improving the quality of life of children and opportunities for their development and education . istruzione
we would also argue that we need to change the priorities of our international financial institutions so that priority may be given to safeguarding the environment and providing health care and education rather than open markets . scolastici
mr president , on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of this convention , a text which recognises the child as an individual in its own right , by giving it its own rights ( the right to life , the right to identity and to a family , the right of expression and the right to be fed and educated ) it is nevertheless still true that on our continent every thirty seconds , a child is abused , raped or beaten up , is indoctrinated , and is the victim of inadequate policies , changes in family and istruzione
obligations come only with awareness , and awareness is only stimulated by means of education and there can be no successful education without respect for the baby ' s dignity and for that of the child . educazione
that means supporting children in need because of illness , or disability or hunger or poverty or lack of educational opportunities . formative
i wonder , if the commissioner would agree that education is vital in terms of tackling violence against women ? educazione
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport takes the view that as regards seattle we need a holistic approach to audiovisual services . istruzione
can we seriously ignore the fact that the specific characteristics of our education , public health or welfare systems would not survive this ? istruzione
the aim of the commercialisation of services , even of education , health and culture , is to deprive the working class and the people in general of many of their achievements gained over the century . istruzione
education , health , public and social services , public transport and culture are all examples of sectors which cannot be brought into trade negotiations and cannot be dealt with by an international trade court . istruzione
training of professionals from social , health , education and law enforcement sectors is a prerequisite for effective action . educativo
many of these projects are implemented by ngos and are intended to improve the scope and quality of social sector services , particularly in the fields of primary education and health care . istruzione
we are perfectly aware of the deplorable situation of a great many children in pakistan , especially girls , but we feel that the most effective means of improving this situation is to contribute towards ensuring good quality , accessible , universal primary education . istruzione
we must respect them , protect them , educate them and love them ! educarli
in the area of treatment , we must give support to high-quality programmes aimed at the whole community , using educational methods , including those targeting the prison population , together with initiatives designed to promote the reduction of risk , one example of which is the needle exchange programme . scolastici
action in the field of education and families , economic cooperation with associations and ngos , especially in the field of leisure and sport , will complement the actions which must banish this " pressure valve " from the lives of our young people which sometimes means that they are destroyed by something which starts out as a means of escape . istruzione
we need a multi-pronged policy , we need to act together to stop the growers and the traders and the pushers , but we also need policies on education and health and we need to encourage research . istruzione
the education and youth commissioner will allow the socrates , leonardo and youth programmes to be used for providing training and establishing cooperation between young people so that the anti-doping campaign becomes something that is sought after by european youth . istruzione
however , where there is an apparent conflict with the rules on competition but the sports federations undertake in their actions to use the funds raised to bring education and social action to sport , some practices are then likely to be exempted from the rules on competition . formazione
however , if the money raised is distributed to the clubs which provide education and training to youngsters , this action is in the collective interest and an exemption from the rules on competition is allowed . istruzione
hundreds of thousands of young people , both male and female , start and develop their education through sport . formazione
it is also very clear that we can act on sport only in its social and educational aspects . formativa
this is why our anti-doping plan intends to use all the policies which , in one way or another , can help to fight this scourge , such as research , health , education and the third pillar . istruzione
what has happened to the right to housing , health or education when millions of people are deprived of these ? istruzione
fourthly , information campaigns of increasing intensity until 2002 , particularly for the most vulnerable groups , through systematic action together with the education system , ngos and the media in general ; particularly prime time television , television news broadcasts and sports programmes with high viewing figures ; scuole
the next item is the report ( a5-0097 / 1999 ) by mrs pack , on behalf of the european parliament delegation to the conciliation committee , on the joint text approved by the conciliation committee for a european and council decision establishing the second phase of the community action programme in the field of education , ' socrates ' ( c5-0267 / 1999 - 1998 / 0195 ( cod ) ) . istruzione
i think that we should also use this second reading once again to hold a general debate on education in the europe of the future . formazione
the issue of education in the europe of the future is also the issue of the future of europe itself . formazione
this is why i believe that the european education policy is one of the key tasks within the european union . formazione
that is how the first comprehensive european programme for cooperation in all spheres of education came about in 1995 ; it was called socrates . formazione
its second part is erasmus , which addresses student mobility , and then the third component - called gruntvig - is adult education , an initiative which has finally led to progress being made in an area where action had been necessary in the european union for some considerable time . formazione
this was an idea which had always had a foothold in the northern countries - in austria , in the scandinavian countries , in germany ; in england too the concept of adult education has always existed - but in the southern countries it had not taken root to such an extent . radicata
i very much regret that the council was not in a position to join us in including the term " european educational area " . istruzione
they hummed and hawed as if this european educational area did not yet exist . istruzione
it does exist , but in the end for the sake of keeping the peace we gave in , so that there will continue to be a european dimension in education . istruzione
strangely , the educational and cultural programmes tend to be fully agreed on , to be voted for most enthusiastically by all parties , and yet , these are , nevertheless , the programmes that receive the worst treatment in budgetary terms . NULL
we can see then that there is an 80 % increase in all educational programmes in general . istruzione
simply that we have wasted a great deal of money on education . istruzione
i would like to say something else that i think is important : education cannot be guided by the principle of subsidiarity alone . istruzione
does the exchange of educational methods affect the principle of subsidiarity ? metodologie
i am convinced that it provides an opportunity for young people in europe and that it is proof that europe must not only be a europe of figures and economics , but that education and culture actually form the foundation stone on the basis of which we understand each other and regions - as diverse as their cultures are - complement each other and are tolerant of any differences between them . formazione
i should like to call on all those who have the opportunity to take advantage of the socrates programme , who are able to use educational opportunities , who are going to be able to continue their education in the future , who contribute to europe growing together , also to recognise in the course of their education that we are setting a fast pace at the moment in our process of development and in all our programmes , that there are those who cannot match this pace , and that we should take them by the hand and take formazione
the importance of education , whether it be quantitative or qualitative , general or subject-specific , is sufficiently well known to us all . formazione
i only need to mention mobility and european educational policy . formazione
this is a valuable resource for our young people , who have great confidence in the educational and training potential of this programme . educative
the danish folk high schools also play an important role in offering education to people of all ages . formazione
i , like most of my colleagues , am an ardent supporter of the aims of the socrates programme and have witnessed its benefits to education and to local communities . istruzione
education must always be a priority of spending programmes as it is the way in which we build the future . istruzione
if we want the next generation to be enthusiastic european as well as national citizens we must be prepared to put our money where our mouth is and invest in high-quality education . istruzione
it has already been said that we wanted more money because we believe that education and continuing education are particularly important for reducing unemployment , creating new jobs and making europe more attractive to business in terms of its economy , labour market and social conditions , as well as for an effective internal market , a prerequisite for which is a european educational area . formazione
for us , the european parliament , the creation of a european consciousness - a european identity - and respect for the diversity of cultures , languages , ideas and religions in a unified area are inextricably linked to a proactive educational policy in europe . formazione
for us , the socrates programme is a means to add a european dimension to the education on offer in the many different kinds of schools , universities and adult education institutions . formazione
i hope that the next socrates programme produces more projects like that of whitfield primary school and maybe the next time you tuck into a bowl of soup , you will remember the educational value socrates has across the union . educativo
one is regularly made : culture and education are important for europe , not just for the past but for the future of our continent . istruzione
we neglect them at our peril and , by continuing year after year to spend less on our cultural and educational programmes than we spend on growing tobacco , we are not just neglecting them , we are turning our priorities completely upside down . istruzione
i feel however , that the greater consumption of european audiovisual products will occur through educating europeans themselves , through stimulating their taste and their appreciation of european culture and by rejecting the many poor-quality products that come from other parts of the world . pedagogica
mr president , during commissioner vitorino ' s hearing , i told him that i was pleased to see that he was the only commissioner who had taken the trouble to mention education as an important element to be incorporated into the third pillar . istruzione
but we also need europe to take a step forward with regard to education because a new wave of illiteracy is appearing , a new group of marginalised people , as a result of the fact that people are unable to understand the language of the country into which they are being integrated . istruzione
we need to lay firm foundations in this field , since nobody is taking responsibility for education . istruzione
i shall gladly reply to the member by saying that education is a central element in integration policies , and i offer you two examples . istruzione
under this directive , children who are reunited with a relative who is a permanent legal immigrant in the countries of the union will have the right to full education under the same terms as the children of the citizens of the member states . istruzione
second example : under the equal initiative , research is to be carried out into the use of the education system as a means of integrating immigrants into the host societies . scolastico
i can guarantee that both the directorate-general for justice and home affairs and the directorate-general for employment and social affairs are fully aware that it is strategically important for the children of legal immigrants in the countries of the union to be guaranteed access to education . istruzione
as the honourable member who has put down the question will know , political cooperation between member states on quality in education has strengthened during recent years . istruzione
the recommendation on quality evaluation and higher education adopted in september 1998 and a proposed recommendation on quality evaluation in school education give evidence of the importance of discussing quality of education at a european level . istruzione
at the council of education ministers on 26 november , the theme gained further importance as one of the priorities to be treated during the next years through the adoption of a resolution on a rolling agenda . istruzione
following the conference of european ministers of education in prague in june 1998 , a working committee on quality indicators was set up . istruzione
the first european report on quality of education will be presented for the education council for the conference of european ministers of education in bucharest in june 2000 , and for this parliament . istruzione
in the light of the discussions on the report , the commission will propose how to treat indicators and benchmarks of quality of education within the framework of the rolling agenda and the yearly conference of european ministers of education . istruzione
the european work on indicators and benchmarks will lead to discussions about reasons for differences in performance between education systems . istruzione
the commission welcomes the active participation of the european parliament on the issue of quality of education , particularly in the forthcoming discussion on indicators and benchmarks of quality education . istruzione
the concept of quality in education is more than a quantitative measure of the resources of the different systems or an evaluation of performance in certain academic disciplines . insegnamento
to my mind , the agenda of the council of education ministers of 26 november could have made use of the proposal of a permanent committee on quality in education . istruzione
in the light of the results of the first european report on quality in education , which this parliament will take good note of , would it be possible for this committee or some other form of committee to provide common benchmarks in the area of the curriculum ? istruzione
the debate on quality in education must help us to duly open up european consciousness to the younger generations . istruzione
the second area is education . istruzione
we promised to ensure women 's equal access to science and technology and life-long education . istruzione
unfortunately , education of women and men still follows a stereotyped pattern . istruzione
they want to participate in professional life , in political life , in the education of their children and in the training of young women . educazione
the education of citizens in the european union is very important . istruzione
i would like to stress that in this programme it is necessary to provide for those who have completed their compulsory education , therefore workers too , to have access to education , which is important for everybody ' s cultural development . scuola
moreover , i would also like people to take into account the fact that the behaviour of states , which depend on individuals ' willingness to learn and , by extension , their culture , has shown that the more educated a population is , the fewer external wars , civil wars and injustices there are in areas where culture has made headway . istruito
it has developed the educational mobility of hundreds of thousands of european university students and lecturers , headmasters , schoolteachers , pupils and educational decision makers . istruzione
in addition , the programme has supported hundreds of transnational projects developing the european dimension and improving the quality of school and higher education , language learning and so on . insegnamento
the conciliation committee has also achieved a compromise on how the socrates programme will contribute to the development of a " european dimension in education " rather than a " european educational area " , as parliament had requested or " educational cooperation " , which was the weaker wording favoured from the start by the council . istruzione
this is even more incomprehensible as the concept of european citizenship must be developed among our young people and the educational system has a key role to play in this ! istruzione
furthermore , the european union must provide as much aid as possible to relieve the suffering of victims and we must , at last , contribute to the education of our citizens in terms of respect for peace . educare
you could , in defence , bring up the argument that it is not up to the government to tutor or stimulate its citizens into cultural education and it therefore has no responsibility in terms of the richness in the variety of books supplied . formazione
i call upon the european parliament and the european commission to give funding for education , basic justice and democracy immediately . istruzione
also , the necessary funds must be provided so that the agreement may be put into effect ; particularly - and this has already been mentioned - with regard to the promotion of development and education , of all those measures which will finally allow the population of sierra leone to come together and live in peace , freedom and democracy . istruzione
dr rasha al-sabah , the long-serving under-secretary of higher education , is joined by dr fayezah al-khorafi , president of the university of kuwait ; her excellency nabila al-mulla , who is ambassador of the state of kuwait to austria ; siham ruzuqi , the assistant under-secretary at the ministry of oil ; another assistant under-secretary : sarah duwaisan at the ministry of planning ; and in civil society : shaikha hussah al-salim al-mubarek al-sabah , the president of dar al-athar al-islamiya , the islamic museum of kuwait . istruzione
the public execution of zaarmeena , the obligation to wear the burka , the denial of the right to healthcare and education for women are but a few examples of the flagrant violations of human rights committed in that country . istruzione
while this morning a member pointed out the fact that the three institutions of the european union responsible for signing the budget were presided over by women and saw this as an illustration of what the third millennium may represent for the consolidation of equality of rights and opportunities for men and women , in afghanistan we see how the taliban regime not only denies women - millions of women - their most basic rights - such as rights to education , healthcare and a profession , not only does it commit violence against them for the mere fact of istruzione
for afghan women freedom of expression , freedom of employment , freedom to attend health and family-planning courses , access to education , all those things as we know them simply do not exist . istruzione
