mr president , with your permission i should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate . effettuato
we would be changing the law to make it executable again , which is something i consider to be unacceptable . ridiventi
this is essential for an executive administration that must be accountable , not just to this house , but more generally to the european public . esecutivo
the fact is that the prime concerns are the strengthening of executive power , the development of closer relations with liberalism in the countries of eastern europe and the relaunch of the militarisation of europe , particularly by increasing military budgets . esecutivo
it is all very well for us , by mutual consensus , to make an effort in terms of budgetary rationalisation , but you must be very aware that the lack of resources , the absence of financial autonomy and the poor execution of the budget , continue to be urgent issues which must be resolved . esecuzione
in the same way , this damage and these tragedies which are happening , as in romania , are not the problem of the legislative , but of the executive and of the governments . esecutivi
i would also like to congratulate the services of the commission , since the evaluation , control and monitoring of the life programme provide a reasonable guarantee with regard to the selection and execution of projects . esecuzione
mr president , permit me to say quite publicly to mrs stenzel , who is a member of the övp executive , that many meps are horrified that you have entered into a coalition with haider , and that we wish to denounce you for doing so ! vp
we hope that this new climate means we have achieved the result we were seeking , which is greater transparency and better information about the decisions of the commission as an executive . esecuzione
we have received reports from human rights organisations saying that russian soldiers killed and apparently even executed citizens - i am talking about old men and women - in grozny . giustiziato
it cannot be restricted to a small number of countries , with others only being allowed to observe or execute decisions " . eseguire
this programme is devoid of any autonomous vision of the europe of today and tomorrow , making no contrast between the two , and it is impervious , if not blind , to elements which are reawakening the conscience of many of your european colleagues : seminal events such as those in seattle , which you are appear to be determined to see repeated at all costs , or the repeated arrogant vetoes imposed by executive board on the candidates for the managing directorship of the international monetary fund , which have collapsed only in the past few hours under hler
it is fundamental to a democracy that the executive should serve the electorate and the electorate ' s representatives . esecutivo
in the eu , the legislature has been transferred to the executive . esecutivo
although , in our reports , we condemn cases of torture and maltreatment of detainees or prisoners by the forces of order or officials in charge of executing sentences , we must admit that so far little has been done about it by those in a position of responsibility . carcerarie
the condemned sometimes await their execution for many years in american prisons . esecuzione
the proposal of the commission is that the executive powers , the implementing powers of the system , should be delegated to the commission , associated with a committee composed of representatives from all member states . esecutivi
the first amendment requires the member states to ensure full implementation of the directive and the member states and the commission to execute controls on the implementation . effettuare
this system aims clearly at defining exactly the respective role of the executive and legislative power in the basic legislative instrument . esecutivo
the most serious violations include the systematic use of torture , illegal arrests , disappearances , executions by paramilitary death squads , the arrest of trade unionists , bans on strikes and allegations of enforced sterilisation in the state of guererro . esecuzioni
the executive committee of the nationalrat ( national assembly ) has passed a resolution unanimously adopting the motion for the executive committee to reach an agreement under paragraph 2 of the law of 3 april 1919 on the resolution by the federal government of 26 march 1996 and to consider the declarations of renunciation by felix habsburg-lothringen and karl ludwig habsburg-lothringen as adequate , so that nothing now stands in the way of their being issued with passports which will allow them to enter austria . NULL
are you satisfied with the preparedness of the scottish executive to provide the necessary matching funding and to assure you that it is truly additional ? esecutivo
could the commissioner tell me whether he thinks that lists of additives should be drafted or completed within the european parliament and the council , preferably according to a codecision procedure , or is this a task which , in his opinion , should be carried out by an authorised executive body ? esecutivo
controlling the executive is one of parliament ' s main rights and that right centres on budgetary control . esecutivo
under article 276 ( 2 ) , the ec treaty requires the commission to submit to parliament any necessary information on the execution of expenditure and operation of the financial control systems . esecuzione
article 276 ( 3 ) of the treaty requires the commission to take all appropriate steps to act on parliament ' s observations concerning execution of expenditure . esecuzione
mr president , as the commission is well aware , i am not accustomed to being an easy-going , meek or lenient speaker when it comes to the commission in its role as executive . esecutiva
this new method also entails the european council rediscovering its fundamental strategic guidance mission , while allowing the various councils of ministers to take the practical decisions and the commission to prepare and execute policy . riscopra
we support especially those elements which expand the european union ' s capacity for action in global affairs : those that strengthen the status and the profile of the citizen , including the charter ; and those that will postulate further political reform in the interests of a strong executive and a mature parliamentary democracy . esecutivo
we must limit the number of commissioners so that the union 's executive remains efficient esecutivo
the witnesses she had met had told of murders of civilians , summary trials , executions , rapes , torture and kidnappings . esecuzioni
i hope we are not going to wake up , some day soon , and find that these thirteen people have been executed because they were jewish . giustiziate
mr president , we should be clear that already some 17 jews have already been executed in iran for charges of espionage , which basically involves no more than contacting anyone in the outside world , certainly anyone in israel or the united states . giustiziati
mr president , the european parliament has , on various occasions , approved texts which state that the death penalty is an assault on human dignity , on human rights and it is a great pity that we have to establish once again that the death penalty still exists among our american friends and that , regrettably , the number of executions is increasing - there have been 350 since 1990 . esecuzioni
every execution is an irreversible act and that makes it so extraordinary . esecuzione
for that reason even the inter-american commission on human rights asked for time to re-examine the case and to be able to issue an opinion , and it also asked that no date be set for an execution . esecuzione
firstly , we all know that there is a wave of judicial executions across the usa - over 600 since 1977 - but this would be the first federal execution since 1963 . esecuzioni
in this case it is particularly important because it is a federal execution and will be the first since 1963 . condanna
that is why we urge president clinton to grant clemency in this case and a moratorium on federal executions . irrogate
for the citizens will lose confidence in us if we declare certain projects to be priorities and then do not execute them . realizziamo
we must remind the member states that they have committed themselves to guaranteeing the financing , committed themselves to executing the plan . riservati
then we really must take them at their word and say : we will only list specific projects if they really are ready to be executed and financed . finanziabili
candidates for a1 and a2 jobs are interviewed by a panel of senior officials which has been assisted in the lifetime of this commission by an advisory external expert with relevant experience in executive selection . dirigenti
in this connection , i am particularly keen to see women involved in the planning and execution of the programmes , for i think that would be a good step in the right direction . attuazione
in conclusion , i would stress that the purpose of my amendment , and the purpose , now , of this speech , is to promote the cause of community products , in particular , agricultural produce , at the time of the conclusion of international agreements , and to urge the european executive bodies not to disregard the millions of people whose livelihood depends on european produce , and i refer not to consumers but to producers . esecutivi
in order that the work can be executed quickly , and in the absence of a legal basis , the council has so far chosen to take a decision on the measures within the framework of the common foreign and security policy . NULL
my role on that board will be that of the chief executive officer . amministratore
the commission must therefore be capable of achieving the highest standards of executive and administrative performance in the discharge of its powers and duties in order to facilitate that massive and welcome development . esecutiva
this means , firstly , that a member state , which is a constitutional state , like france , has taken decisions in accordance with a legal judgement and the executive ... esecutivo
it appears that the council of state ' s decision on the stay of execution will be taken imminently " . rinvio
i should like to thank the commissioner for that answer because i share his view that parliament should be involved in the evaluation of problems relating to any execution of the fifth framework programme or any previous programme as well . attuazione
mr president , with regret i have to inform the house of the arrest yesterday in moscow of vladimir alexandrovich gusinsky , chief executive of the most-media group of television , radio and newspaper outlets . amministratore
by way of example , based on a decision of the schengen executive committee of 18 december 1998 on the coordinated use of consultants in respect of documents , measures are being introduced which are intended to combat illegal migration by air and sea in cooperation with various african countries . esecutivo
moreover , a 1999 decision of the schengen executive committee approved a mutual aid project for the exchange of officials to give assistance and advice in carrying out security and control tasks at external borders . esecutivo
we are therefore not indifferent to a political development which may lead to the presence , in the executive bodies of a member state government and therefore a friendly government which shares with us and which has decided to share with us a basic set of principles , of a party which clearly conducted an electoral campaign based on other principles . esecutivi
to this end , the resolution calls for the european union to have sole responsibility for planning , execution and monitoring of the aid . esecuzione
and , of course , i must thank the smes and parliament and the executive commission , which also helped to achieve this result , and it is a good result . corre
in my opinion , the reservations expressed by the executive , particularly the commission ' s position on article 1 of the proposal , are unfounded . esecutivo
moreover , the extension of this system to a greater number of products would facilitate sound , effective management , which would lead to simpler procedures for both the executive and farmers . esecutivo
we need to know the full facts regarding the resignation of mr pelinka , the austrian member of the centre 's executive board . esecutivo
the job of the committee on budgetary control is not to hang the commission out to dry for the duration of a parliament , but to ensure that europe 's citizens are served by an executive that implements its political priorities efficiently and effectively . esecutivo
whatever the advantages of talking about our visions for the future , right now we have to respond to the aspirations of the men and women who make up europe , and in order to do so , all the members of the french executive must be involved in order to make a success of this presidency . esecutivo
in future talks , the classification of expenditure must be made clearer and executed more effectively , to comply with parliament ' s wishes . confacente
in addition to this regular dialogue , other members of the executive board of the ecb have attended committee meetings on several occasions in order to present a report drawn up under the responsibility of the ecb and to participate in exchanges of views on various issues . esecutivo
you will also be aware of the broad variety of ecb publications , in particular our monthly bulletin , and numerous press releases issued and speeches made by members of the executive board of the ecb . esecutivo
mr president , the first annual report by the european central bank gives us a chance to thank the executive board of the european central bank for its hard work and to congratulate it on its successful administration in connection with the introduction of the euro . bce
the commission is the executive , we together with the council are the legislative , and this framework agreement will create means for the european parliament to exercise its parliamentary control function more effectively . NULL
there is no doubt that the commission , as an executive body , is fully within its rights to investigate different points of view and prepare drafts in the form of internal working documents without the obligation to publish them . esecutivo
can i ask the commission to do what it can to reassure the scottish islands , the scottish executive that is struggling with this situation at the moment and the scottish parliament , that it stands ready to make sure that this process works well , that it does not undermine but improves the shipping services in the scottish islands . isolana
and the chief executives and managers of the multinationals who make the important decisions displaying the callous disregard for the consequences would face the proposal of not only seeing their businesses maybe in some cases closed down because of heavy fines and seizure of assets and so on , but they themselves could face imprisonment . esecutivi
the execution is to take place in ten days time on 14 september , and i therefore feel that it is important that you , madam president , who are well-known for your sensitivity , write to the governor of the state of virginia on behalf of this house and request a stay of execution . esecuzione
therefore , we need simpler administration , a more strategic approach and rapid execution of programmes , for this might actually benefit the small and medium-sized enterprises rather than consultancy firms or financial brokers . esecuzione
the fact is that the council wants to operate as the executive in the foreign , security and defence policy , but how is this to be accomplished with 27 foreign ministers at the same time , when the council thinks of itself as an executive authority in collective terms ? esecutivo
in this respect , i welcome the fact that the house is calling for more coherent , more coordinated help and for greater collaboration between the various partners , such as the executive commission , the member states , the various associations or even the united nations . esecutiva
but that is exactly what is going on in my own country at the moment , with english students who want to study in scotland being penalised financially by the scottish executive . esecutivo
dr william hesseltine , the chief executive of human gene sciences inc . , has already patented 100 human genes and his company has submitted applications for 8000 . hesseltine
this remains necessary due to the relentless violation of human rights - the execution of the death penalty by stoning springs to mind , as well as the constant disruption of international television programmes . esecuzione
in the uk , the health and safety executive , the body looking at accidents in the workplace has estimated that some 30 % of all prohibition notices in the united kingdom are issued for unsafe scaffolding alone . ente
parliament had proposed , in previous stages of the procedure , numerous amendments which the council and the commission have accepted and i must say - it is fair to recognise this - that the commission ' s management of the previous programme , its high level of execution and its good results , have meant that the rapporteur , with the support of the committee on development and cooperation , has been able to persuade the council of the need to maintain the programme with a sufficient degree of funding to guarantee its success . esecuzione
we are also aware that , being a transit country in central europe for those on their way to western europe , the slovak republic has a special duty to take a pro-active stance against trafficking in human beings , and to fight corruption and organised crime with even more determination than before , and we have noted that the executive judiciary has been further strengthened by recent changes in the law . ubicato
managerial and executive staff will give corporate shape to this belief . esecutivo
contrary to what the executive committee and the committee on agriculture and rural development would have us believe , this revision slyly but irremediably introduces genetically modified vines . vorrebbero
like mr brok , i would like to stress here once again that one commissioner per member state is absolutely vital to give each country a place in the european executive . esecutivo
dividing up legislative and executive powers or replacing them with a greater number of bodies , secretariats , parallel chambers and the like does not lead to democracy but to inefficiency . esecutivo
i am disappointed that parliament has neither understood nor tried to understand the message of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy and of the greens , who have tried to draw attention to the underhand way in which the executive committee acted in order to water down the issue of gmos in its reports so that we will end up with vast amounts of them on our plates and in our glasses . esecutiva
i am not the executive but rather the president of this house at this moment in time . esecutivo
the commission in its executive capacity must negotiate with weighty arguments to achieve a reasonable agreement with morocco and the council and the governments concerned should provide a political impetus for this negotiation . esecutiva
a prime responsibility of any elected parliament is to protect the interests of the individual citizens against the executive . esecutivo
we focussed our efforts on three specific areas : better execution of the budget , more effective management of european policies and successful implementation of the reform package with particular reference to the new posts requested by the commission . esecuzione
however , in the event of dispute , our committee urges the executive commission to make use of its right of initiative and to propose adequate legislation . esecutiva
the real power rests with the chief executive , tung chee-hwa and his government which , in effect , is appointed by beijing . esecutivo
the executive is totally separate from the legislature , which is left to operate more like a watchdog rather than a real decision-making body . esecutivo
the executive has no party base in the legislature , which means that these two institutions are effectively completely separate from one another . esecutivo
furthermore , because the executive is not really accountable to the elected representatives and because the latter lack real power , they are also not held accountable for their own political pronouncements and actions . esecutivo
two of these resulted in the execution of individuals for crimes they had committed in hong kong , where capital punishment is banned . esecuzione
the chinese news agency telling mrs anson chan and the civil servants they had to better support the chief executive seems to me like interference in the affairs of another country . esecutivo
and when someone who works for the chief executive is accused of interfering in opinion polls , that also bodes ill for the future . esecutivo
he rightly points to the lack of progress on the introduction of universal suffrage for the elections of the chief executive , to discrimination against companies with trading links with taiwan and to the decline in confidence of the political system . esecutivo
some 87 states retain the death penalty and about 30 carry out executions in any given year . esecuzioni
one or two states carry out executions in industrial quantities . esecuzioni
in countries which maintain the death penalty , the european union aims at the progressive restriction of its scope and respect for the strict conditions set out in several international human rights instruments under which capital punishment may be used , as well as at the establishment of a moratorium on executions , so as to eliminate completely the death penalty . esecuzioni
in the meantime we continue to support campaigns designed to achieve a moratorium on the death penalty and executions , and eventually the abolition of capital punishment throughout the world . esecuzioni
according to amnesty international , almost 2000 people were executed and in 63 countries 4000 others were condemned to death . giustiziate
china , iraq , saudi arabia , the democratic republic of the congo and the united states are some of the 31 countries in which executions took place . esecuzioni
did you know that in this last country , in the united states , that great upholder of democratic fundamentals - as concepció ferrer was saying just now - 98 citizens were executed in 1999 ? giustiziati
did you know that in 18 north-american states it is possible to execute a sixteen-year-old ? giustiziare
did you know that in that same country , since 1976 , 34 mentally-retarded offenders have been executed ? giustiziati
every execution is an error that democracy , the defence of human rights and human dignity cannot accept . esecuzioni
it was on 10 march 1992 that mrs adelaide aglietta presented the first major report to the european parliament calling for a moratorium on executions , to be decided upon by the un . esecuzioni
of course , a moratorium would not have been able to prevent the 4 000 arbitrary executions which have taken place in recent years in iraq or the thousands of executions which have taken place in china , but in other countries , especially the united states , the only great democracy still to exercise the death penalty with stubborn pride , this long labouring to mobilise public opinion to call for a moratorium is having some , very slight , effect . esecuzioni
mr bush , in whose state 144 executions have been carried out , succeeded in removing the issue of the death penalty from the electoral campaign and discreetly and hypocritically postponed the executions in his state until after the elections . esecuzioni
there is always the risk of an innocent person being executed - there have already been many cases in which innocent people have been sentenced to death . innocente
whether it is abu-jamal in the usa , öçalan in turkey or even the execution of abdul achmin sabiin iraq - we should condemn all of this . esecuzione
we must avoid turning our reasoning and indignant declarations into a wake because , while we are expressing our indignation , executions are still being carried out . indigniamo
mr president , every day , people are executed and , every day , people are condemned to death . esecuzioni
there is a presidential election in the united states in two weeks ' time , and the next president may be george bush , a person who has signed 145 people ' s execution warrants . esecuzione
mr president , in 1999 , eighty-five percent of all executions took place in only five countries : china , iran , saudi arabia , the democratic republic of congo and the united states . esecuzioni
this is what i was saying in this house back in october of last year , when mobilisation was urgently called for to prevent the black american journalist , mumia abu jamal , being executed . jamal
in 1999 , 1813 people were executed in 31 countries and there are at least 3 857 people condemned to death in 63 countries . esecuzioni
a study by the university of columbia brought to light an almost 60 % rate of errors committed in twenty years in the executions that were carried out . esecuzioni
nineteen years after the abolition of the death penalty in france , initiatives are currently being taken in favour of a national day for the institution of a universal moratorium on capital executions . pena
the number of executions , the number of people in prison , the number of executions in the united states is extraordinarily high for a country whose democracy was celebrated in such appropriately eloquent terms by alexis de tocqueville a century ago . numero
the member states of the european community subscribe to these on the basis of their existing legislative , executive and legal systems , in accordance with the principle of fundamental rights and common values . esecutivo
yes , it is on the way to becoming one , for the ambition , as expressed so clearly in the last paragraph of the first part of the explanatory statement , is precisely that the european union must establish " independent legislative , executive and judiciary " bodies " with counterbalancing powers " , that is to say the hallmarks of a state . esecutivo
it is going along with this sideways shift which is turning the executive commission into a sub-council , an underling of a council which is and will be stronger yet . esecutiva
that is why we are right to say not state but union of states , commission or executive rather than government , constitutional treaty rather than constitution . esecutivo
i feel that the present charter is nothing but a poor imitation in that it raises legal concerns such as the point in article 2 , paragraph 2 , where it states " no one shall be condemned to the death penalty , or executed " . giustiziato
but how can anybody be executed if they have not first been condemned to death ? giustiziato
we are also strongly opposed to the ambition to make the eu into a constitutional state by establishing ' independent legislative , executive and judiciary ' bodies ' with counterbalancing powers ' . esecutivo
the administration of monitoring and , progressively , its actual execution must therefore be assigned to the commission , and hence the cost of this must be borne by the community budget . esecuzione
for instance , the proposals of the commission to increase the responsibility of authorising officers for the execution of commitments and payments while bringing to an end the centralised system of prior approval of transactions by the financial controller , together with the creation of an independent internal audit service , is in line with the key requirement for improved financial management that we lay down in our opinion no 4 / 97 . esecuzione
commissioners , like mr fischler who is responsible for executing half of the budget , must have a bigger chapter than those commissioners who have no dealings with the budget . esecuzione
- ( fr ) without going back to the excellent argument put forward by mr gallagher regarding the text that has been submitted to the vote , i would like to extend the debate to cover all cases where our countries are represented by the executive commission in international negotiations . esecutiva
burma has been a member of asean for a number of years and there is absolutely no evidence to date that shows any improvement or an end to forced labour or executions or suppression of free speech and free movement . esecuzioni
firstly , with regard to myanmar , my colleague chris patten has already condemned before this house the constant violations of human rights by the military regime in burma : executions without trial , the widespread imposition of forced labour , the enforced uprooting of local populations , hundreds of political prisoners in the country ' s prisons and the clear hindering of the free functioning of political parties . esecuzioni
the circumstances surrounding the execution at the beginning of this year of a vietnamese-canadian citizen undoubtedly support our convictions in this regard . esecuzione
we there said that " in accordance with the subsidiarity principle and the political and national diversity of the european union , the amendments made to the treaties should specifically include recognition of , and respect for , the political and legislative powers of the members states ' internal political units in their executive , legislative and judicial relations with the european union institutions . " esecutivo
pino arlacchi , under secretary-general of the united nations and executive director of the un office for drug control and crime prevention , condemned the italian minister for health 's speech , for the minister was clearly ignorant of the good news on prevention recorded in the united states , spain and even bolivia and peru , and mr arlacchi called upon the italian government ... esecutivo
i hope that the implementation of these decisions will not remain a mere paper exercise but that it will also be reflected in the appropriations in national budgets , which is where the executive power lies in this case . pervenga
now that this division of responsibilities is crystal clear , we must ensure that we create a negotiating level between the european parliament and the national parliaments , so that we as parliamentarians , through exchanges of information at various levels , are able to monitor the national executives in an appropriate way . esecutivi
decision making on foreign , security and defence policies is the task of the executive branch . esecutivi
with regard to this last aspect , the executive role of the commission must be strengthened , above all , by a reform of commitology . NULL
finally , we should understand that mr patten ' s proposal for aid responsible to a board of commissioner directors with mr nielson as chief executive is an unworkable gimmick borrowed from management text books and is fundamentally incompatible with the collegiate structure of the commission itself . copiato
the commission should execute : it should be the executive power of the european union ; parliament should be the legislative power . eseguire
when the right to self-determination had been accepted , in the time between the popular vote and the recognition of the result , armed militias supported by indonesian troops executed a detailed plan to destroy public infrastructure and thousands of homes , ruin crops and farming implements , and persecute the population , which , in terror , took refuge in the mountains and in west timor . inquadrate
firstly , the chief executive of the uk post office , mr john roberts , has talked about competition leading to improvements in quality and efficiency and lower prices . direttore
it would establish the eu as a single legal area for the purpose of investigation , prosecution , trial and execution of sentences concerning this type of offence . esecuzione
i believe i am right in recalling that there have been 81 executions in the united states this year . esecuzioni
the commission is of the opinion that questions regarding delays in the execution of the project must be put to the competent greek authorities . esecuzione
we have to have put in place fast and simplified procedures for the execution of programmes . esecuzione
why should we try to speed up the process , which is what the executive commission and commissioner bolkestein wanted ? esecutiva
with the emphasis in the cap on giving increasing importance to rural development schemes , it is crucial to recognise the young farmers as the key players and main executives responsible for the implementation of such new rural redevelopment policies . artefici
however , we believe that for our efforts to be both rapid and effective , they should be planned , funded and executed on a truly international scale , utilising the resources and the capabilities of the whole free world , including the technical genius and the good will of the united states . pianificarli
however , it also noted , with concern , continuing difficulties with regard to the restriction of freedoms , the use of executions and torture and discrimination directed against religious minorities and women . esecuzioni
among recent forms of human rights violations , the instances of disappearance or extrajudicial execution , often preceded by torture , are particularly despicable . esecuzioni
mr president , the programme of the swedish presidency is a fine piece of work , but there is still no indication as to how it is to be executed at a practical level . manca
personally i hope that the prosecutions will not be restricted to the top 20 leaders but be extended to those who daily brutalised and executed their victims . uccidevano
we are well aware that the situation in turkish prisons means we cannot ignore the violence and intransigence of certain prisoners and the fact that , in some cases , the turkish authorities had lost control of whole sections of the prisons , as well as the constant reports from various authoritative sources of summary executions of prisoners who have tried to detach themselves from the organisations they belong to , and lots being drawn to select which prisoners are to fast until death . esecuzioni
of the eur 250m , we have specifically earmarked and started the execution in a number of the states covered by the reconstruction programme of more than eur 80m . impiegarli
last year the record on commitments was maintained : the provisional figures show that eur 879 million or 98 % of available commitments were executed and the record on payments improved to eur 335 million or 95 % of available appropriations . 879
i am happy to say that the control of the overhang of payments required to execute the commitments has begun to improve . realizzare
let me be equally clear , we are also deeply concerned by the killing of israeli civilians by palestinians and by the recent executions of palestinians . esecuzioni
killing people is unacceptable under any circumstances , whether this is in the form of executions carried out by the palestinian authority or the israeli army ' s assassination policy . esecuzioni
additionally , the palestinian authorities should respect human rights to a much higher degree , not only in terms of executions but also , for example , in its treatment of prisoners . esecuzioni
however , an equally critical tone on the public execution of two so-called ' collaborators ' by the same palestinian authority is missing from this document . esecuzione
there , it is far easier to portray the terrorism and executions committed by palestinians , along with the claim that palestinian children are sent into battle . esecuzioni
i believe the executive training programme in japan is exemplary and could be adopted elsewhere , indeed there is now a similar project in korea which is in its pilot phase . executive
commissioner , i speak to you not as a neutral referee but as a representative of the executive institution of the european union . esecutivo
this is a scientific issue , based on scientific advice : it is an executive decision which will be taken by the commission and put into an annex in circumstances where there is a full droit de regard by parliament on that issue . esecutiva
if it identifies an emerging risk , it can advise that there should be an executive response to that risk immediately .  
it also arrested a couple of members of the house of commons , a few members of the scottish executive and various others who were actually breaking the law , which is generally the reason you get arrested in the united kingdom . esecutivo
my question is : apart from legislative measures , does the commission intend to take executive measures in relation to the member states ? esecutivi
practical measures are carried out in cooperation with selected african states , for example , to prevent illegal immigration , by air or by sea , based on the decision of schengen ' s executive committee of 18 december 1998 on a coordinated initiative from the document advisers . esecutivo
in a decision on 28 april 1999 , the same executive committee also approved a plan for mutual placement of liaison officers to offer advice and support when security and control assignments are carried out along external borders . esecutivo
portugal left macau with a complete , western-style democratic legal system , with political institutions that function well , with a chief executive appointed by beijing replacing the former portuguese governor , with a legislative assembly of 23 members , independent courts and a court of final appeal as well as an efficient police force . esecutivo
finally i am pleased to report that the chief executive of macao , mr edmond ho will visit brussels on 7 may 2001 . esecutivo
it is , of course , that much more repugnant when journalists are in danger of being executed just for doing their job . riprovevole
it may well be that it is no use threatening russia with sanctions and isolation , but here in parliament , in the stronghold of freedom of expression , it must be said loudly and clearly that we condemn the abuses , the executions , the disappearances , the concentration camps and the systematic oppression of a whole people . esecuzioni
i will continue being very open and frank with parliament , not to reduce our own responsibility for executing the budget but rather to make sure that there are no misunderstandings as to the size of the challenge and its nature . esecuzione
at such a time , i appeal to the executive authority of the union and to this parliament to take whatever steps are necessary to help improve the living and working conditions in the fishing industry so that we can , as far as possible , avoid this type of accident which , these days , particularly afflicts the seamen of galicia . esecutiva
i think that this framework agreement contains all we need to organise cooperation between our institutions and if we have a few outstanding problems on the settlement of disputes , then i am perfectly willing to discuss this question , if it is understood , however , that the settlement of disputes is not negotiation nor the establishment of internal legislation , but an executive prerogative . esecutiva
if we are to evaluate the regulation on the common organisation of the markets in the sugar sector in 2002-2003 , we need factual information at our disposal in order to execute this task effectively . 2003
the diverse institutional roles of our two institutions and consequently , apart from the messages we have in common , the existence of two specific and diverse viewpoints , suggest that there may be a limit to the execution of our respective mandates . esecuzione
ultimately , this will remove obstacles to the creation of a european legal area , either by creating a standard european form to be used by the courts in the requesting states in the language of the requested courts , so as to facilitate communication between the two , or by creating a central authority in each country which will receive and forward requests originating from another state for the taking of evidence from a national court , or by establishing the principle that the entire request must be responded to , and obliging requested european courts to execute this distribuisca
in order to guarantee the future of that programme and to determine its guidelines and scope , we shall soon be beginning to draft a new decision on the execution of the programme from 2003 onwards , and mr wijkman ' s opinions and those given in the report we are discussing will obviously be taken into consideration . esecuzione
the common european interest will only be fostered if all those who share executive power - the european council and also the commission - collaborate with all those that share legislative power - the european and national parliaments . esecutivo
he said that the whole system for dealing with executive measures under the comitology procedure is like the horse designed by a committee which turns out to be a camel . esecutive
if the directive contains broad principles and executive measures and parliament does not agree that a certain executive measure should be called that and relegated to level 2 , then parliament should say so and amend the directive to say that a particular implementing measure should be elevated to the status of a general principle and therefore be dealt with under level 1 . esecutive
there is no need to look any further than the reports by amnesty international , which detail the extrajudicial executions , the systematic use of torture , the murder of civilians and the destruction of villages all suffered in cabinda . esecuzioni
moreover , it can ensure that these protections are enjoyed by investors throughout the european union , regardless of the origin of the security which they are purchasing or the exchange on which that transaction is executed . eseguita
a further point which was raised was the execution of the budget . esecuzione
a number of speakers highlighted the continuing shortcomings in the execution of the budget - i.e. the translation of the budgetary authorities ' decisions into tangible policies - especially in the field of foreign policy . esecuzione
it really is a very broad field , and - to continue with the metaphor - improving the execution of the budget , reducing errors , and avoiding fraud sometimes turn it into a minefield . esecuzione
pursuant to the above-mentioned article , the schengen executive committee adopted , in its decision of 22 december 1994 , the form and content of this certificate and the principles governing its issue . 1994
mrs riis-jørgensen , i must inform you that the interpretation of article 75 of the schengen agreement was drawn up by a decision of the schengen executive committee adopted on 22 december 1994 . esecutivo
this is the uniform implementation of a decision of the schengen executive committee . esecutivo
incidentally , i do not understand how protocol 5 can be invoked - there is no contradiction between the decision of the schengen executive committee and the free and sovereign decision of the kingdom of denmark . esecutivo
and therefore , to name but a few factors , we should refer to the adaptation of the procedures for examinations and tests of the abilities of disabled candidates ; access to specific training activities for general employees and , perhaps , for public officials in particular , with reduced abilities ; to measures for the retention of staff who have suffered some incapacity during , or in the execution of , their work ; to the reorganisation of work and flexible hours , part-time work , etc . svolgimento
it is very regrettable that this issue has become a matter of long drawn-out deliberation in the executive branch of a member state because that is exactly the wrong place for these vital issues to be debated . esecutivo
i believe that the delay , for which you are now being reproached in debates like this , is totally undignified and unwarranted , and that you and this parliament find themselves becoming the victim as bystander of a process of an executive outside this house . esecutivo
to execute him at this stage would be to frustrate the search for truth and justice and serve the interests and ideology of the very people implicated in the crime . NULL
a representative of the commission is also present in washington at the meetings of the executive directors of the regions of the european union or of the constituencies which affect the european union within the fund . esecutivi
secondly , the commissioner , each time he attends meetings of the international monetary fund , which is usually every six months , has bilateral contacts with the executive director of the fund , with whom , furthermore , we enjoy an extremely high degree of cooperation , not only for the euro zone but also for the various regions of the european union . esecutivo
two examples : my group considers the heightened strategy of the execution of palestinians by israeli security services a disgrace , unworthy of a democratic state and moreover a strategy with no hope of success , since it will only increase the fury and frustration among the palestinians . esecuzioni
because it is clear , certainly in the case of congress , that they are a major influence on the role of the us executive , and we here are a growing influence on the executive , although we still regret the pillar system that marginalises us in areas of foreign policy or in fighting crime , and so on . esecutivo
but there is a role here , and we need to do more work on that as a unique parliamentary contribution to the playing field in which executives can deliver the goods . esecutivi
the turkish foreign minister also informed me that two other bills are being drafted which will guarantee that sentences are properly executed . regolamentato
the second law requires that a judge oversee the execution of sentences . magistrato
but the point with the monitoring system , with article 16 and with the system of a judge to oversee how sentences are executed in turkey is , how is all this going to be implemented ? attueranno
amendment no 18 seeking to delete article 7 is not acceptable to the commission because it will make the execution of the programme very difficult . esecuzione
it condemns the illegal incursions by the israeli army , the extrajudicial executions , the complete blockade of the occupied territories and the extension of the settlements there . esecuzioni
it is about democracy versus the national executives ' desire for power , versus a europe of clandestine cooperation between governments and de facto legislation by governments . esecutivi
there is only one parliament where it is claimed that the executive must have a proviso in such cases , and that is this parliament . esecutivo
why , then , has the word ' agency ' been replaced by ' authority ' , which causes confusion and appears to signify that this body plays an executive role , which should not be the case ? esecutivo
in this respect , there are perhaps good grounds for regretting the fact that the name ' agency ' has been dropped , because it was a better name to describe such a structure , whose powers must be of a technical or scientific nature and must on no account become regulatory or executive . esecutiva
there is no sense in maintaining a divided approach , and nor would this do us any credit , for example , on the composition of the management board , on the appointment of the executive director or on its headquarters . dividerci
amendments nos 107 and 220 on the open and transparent appointment of the executive director by the management board with a hearing in parliament , is acceptable in principle . esecutivo
yesterday i had a dream in this chamber : in the european union there was a single executive , which was the commission , and a single legislative body , which was parliament , and mr vitorino woke me up from this dream during his last speech , by reminding me that the absent party did in fact exist . esecutivo
in order to sew things up even more securely , the executive director will be appointed by the management board , following a proposal by the commission ( article 25 ) and the members of the scientific groups will be appointed by that same board , following a proposal by the executive director ( article 27 ) . esecutivo
as far as procedure is concerned , i would remind you that the decision to launch a procedure of this type at the wto forms part of the executive responsibility of the commission . esecutive
clever executives always get parliaments involved when foreign policy or trade are at issue . esecutivi
the new agency 's dependence on the commission also caused a problem initially because , despite its being described as independent in the explanatory statement of the report , a look at the proposed articles on the powers of the administrative board and the executive director and on the proposed composition of the board confirms that this independence is relatively limited . esecutivo
it is typical that , under the terms of the proposal , the executive director is to submit the work programme to the board after having received the approval of the commission and the administrative board then adopts the programme . esecutivo
another typical element of dependence is that the executive director is appointed and dismissed by the board , but only on a proposal from the commission . esecutivo
nor is there any provision for the commission to have the right to dismiss the executive directors of these agencies . esecutivo
lastly , the commission cannot agree with amendments nos 11 and 24 , which affect the impartiality of the executive director . esecutivo
we have a situation in which 170 civilians were executed in january and , as mentioned by mr dupuis and the others , there have been attacks in yakaolang . yakaolang
fifth , we need to establish whether , as part of the revision of the treaty , parliament should not be given a kind of right of confirmation in respect of nomination of members of the executive board . esecutivo
should the european parliament be involved , if the treaty is ever changed , in the appointment of the executive board ? esecutivo
that is an issue the executive board should stay out of . esecutivo
however , the european parliament is already involved in appointing members of the executive board in the same way as the governing council of the ecb is involved . esecutivo
we have executed something of an about-turn here , but i think that it is in everyone 's interest for us to be able support this directive or this proposal . front
the long-standing plan to decentralise power and strengthen the cities and local authorities must finally be executed . attuato
it would have been infinitely preferable , in my view , if we had called for management boards to be required to remain neutral , as the interests of owners do not always coincide with those of senior executives . dirigenti
i myself wrote to the two heads of the executive on 20 april this year to ask them to ensure that this group was made up of all the political elements elected at the european elections . esecutivo
he probably agrees because he has told us that the executive board of the ecb is continuing to monitor wage developments and trends in domestic and foreign demand and that , despite the oil crisis , wage increases were moderate , which he described as highly positive , stressing that inflation will be kept to 2 % in 2002 thanks to wage restraint , while the monopolies ' profits will , of course , keep on rising . direttivo
again and again we threaten the united states when it executes a person , when it murders a human being according to its laws . giustiziano
in the statement on the gothenburg summit , we have once again called on the united states to establish a moratorium on the death penalty , we have once again expressed our regret that it appears in their federal law and that in 38 of their jurisdictions citizens are executed in the name of the law . giustizino
subject : recognition of the political and legislative competences of constitutional regions and nationalities what proposals does the council intend to make to ensure that the planned 2004 reform of the treaties includes the recognition and underpinning of the political and legislative powers of internal units within the member states ( nationalities , federal states , autonomous communities or constitutional regions ) in their executive , legislative and judicial relations with the eu institutions ? esecutive
we would like to see acknowledgement of our political , civic and democratic realities , together with the executive , legislative and judicial powers that distinguish us , so that we are able to participate in the european council , just as we also acknowledge that federal states , länder and constitutional regions that have a different nature but similar powers must participate . esecutive
now the commission is presenting a proposal for a regulation for the statute of so-called executive agencies , which the rapporteur , mr bourlanges , has just explained . esecutive
the commission must provide a precise list of the tasks to be transferred , whether they are public or non-public and the type of executive agency to which they are to be transferred . esecutiva
but it must be clear that responsibility for the proper and economic execution of the transferred tasks lies with the commission , which is subject to discharge by parliament , which means there can be no discharge for the agencies themselves . esternalizzati
the commission is also legally liable for the executive agencies , since they are not anchored in the treaty as institutions in their own right . esecutive
it is at all events important that at least 25 % of executive agency staff should be seconded commission officials in order to ensure internal supervision of administrative tasks and to see that the commission ' s responsibilities are fulfilled . esecutive
it is necessary for us to further regulate the task of the executive bodies so as to avoid the mistakes of the past . esecutive
it would be unacceptable if certain tasks were to be delegated to another executive agency on a discretionary basis . esecutiva
the plan envisages three methods and forms of externalisation , namely externalisation in the form of a delegation of tasks to executive agencies , the delegation of tasks to national agencies , i.e. decentralisation , and the assignment of tasks by contract to third parties . esecutive
the framework regulation for executive agencies defines a new form of community institution that operates in the service of the commission and has the task of managing and implementing community programmes independently on the commission ' s behalf , including the associated execution of budget resources . esecutive
the regulation therefore provides the framework for the creation of executive agencies that the commission will set up as and when required . esecutive
it means that the commission ' s responsibility for the execution of the budget under article 274 of the ec treaty is retained without qualification . esecuzione
i should also like to add that the european parliament grants the discharge for the execution of the executive agency ' s administrative and operational resources . esecuzione
at a recent videoconference in scotland house , that is the home of the scottish executive in brussels , it was interesting to see how the different local authorities in the highlands and islands of scotland were already working within local partnerships with stake-holders to protect the coastal zone . scotland
consequently , the amendments requiring the rescission of this provision relating to comitology cannot be accepted by the commission , as they are contrary to its executive powers under article 202 of treaty . esecuzione
secondly , we must make it clear that it is time to move on to the next stage , which is to prepare for the general assembly of the united nations and the possibility of adopting a resolution on a moratorium on executions . esecuzioni
we very much regret the fact that countries which often boast a very high standard in terms of human rights still elect to use this penalty , and execute - what often later appears - innocent people , while it is often clear from statistics - this is especially pronounced in the us - that social and racial aspects play a major role . giustiziare
the worst by far is china with over 1 000 executions this year alone . esecuzioni
just the suspicion that one single person has been falsely executed - and we know this has happened in the us - should be sufficient reason to abolish the death penalty . innocente
we passed resolutions in this house two years ago about the trade in human organs transplanted from executed people . giustiziate
since mr van den berg has already done so , i do not wish to mention such aberrations as the execution of minors or the physically disabled , nor to talk about cases of innocent people condemned to death . esecuzione
according to amnesty international , 1457 people were executed in 2000 , of which 85 were executed in the usa , 1000 in china , 75 in iran and 123 in saudi arabia . 457
every time a death penalty is carried out , there is a possibility that an innocent person has been executed . innocente
five years after the last execution , more and more people are calling for the death penalty to be reintroduced for terrorists and drug dealers . esecuzione
i understand that the presence of those individuals who came to the congress to testify about the years they had spent awaiting execution before being declared innocent was particularly moving and particularly valuable . esecuzione
persecution of those with opposing views , torture , censorship of the media and the internet and more executions than all other countries put together are just a few examples of the way the chinese regime tries to keep its population in check . esecuzioni
nor can anybody deny the evidence of the executions , obviously , or the semantic changes : china now conjugates the verb ' to commit suicide ' as a transitive verb . esecuzioni
followers of this movement are arrested , tortured , admitted to psychiatric hospitals or executed at random . giustiziati
i believe that the european parliament should currently be sensitive to the fact , condemned by certain ngos , that four palestinians may be executed if yasser arafat does not commute the sentences handed down for internal activities within the palestinian area or for collaboration . giustiziati
i believe that this parliament should try to prevent these executions . esecuzioni
behind the fighting and violence , there is , in actual fact , a plan being executed : more destruction of houses and more settlements . demolite
in addition , we wonder whether the new regulatory bodies we are promised and the proposed external executive bodies can be adequately monitored . esecutivi
we are positively disposed towards the proposal that the council and the european parliament should play an equal role in supervising the way in which the commission fulfils its executive task . esecutivo
the commission , consistently with what i said regarding not modifying legislation , is not asking for more powers but wants to organise its work more transparently and efficiently , getting back to the definitions in the founding treaties of the union , which , in laying down the organisation of the institutions , state that the council and parliament make decisions , the commission executes policy ( although not the technical detail ) and parliament monitors . esegue
this is the reason for which we have put forward amendments requesting that the executive director of such an agency , or even the agency itself , can make itself available to parliament or , at the very least , be heard by parliament . esecutivo
the commission also unreservedly accepts strengthening the powers of the executive director , something to which the rapporteur referred in his speech , and the provisions on the agency ' s budgetary control . esecutivo
i would firstly and clearly like to highlight in this report the fact that important positive action measures are proposed for the legal and police areas : the establishment of minimum standards , the establishment of a form of extradition , the recognition of judicial resolutions , the execution of arrest warrants and the approximation of national legislations . esecuzione
the execution of contracts , however , is a matter which , in the first instance , falls under the competent services of europol . NULL
it is clear that the ombudsman , reinforced by the charter , plays an increasingly meaningful and forceful role in protecting the citizen from abuses of executive authority . esecutive
it is very important to understand that the commission is the executive body and in theory it is the administration of the union which has contact with the citizen . esecutivo
the question we asked ourselves is : should we not move towards two kinds of derived legislation , one on which parliament deliberates and another which , surely , should be entrusted to the executive ? esecutivo
the underlying idea is that where the judicial authority of one member state requests the surrender of a person , either for final sentencing or because this person is undergoing criminal proceedings , the decision must be recognised and executed throughout the european union in order to simplify and accelerate procedures as far as possible . eseguita
the proposal thus seeks to facilitate , wherever possible , the execution of the sentence in the country of arrest , if that is where the person is most likely to be successfully reintegrated into society . esecuzione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the reports we are discussing confirm some of my concerns regarding the execution of the structural funds for the 1993-1999 period but , alas , also regarding the new programming period which will end in 2006 . esecuzione
a similar improvement in the rate of execution can be seen in the programme of community initiatives , although here the delays were a little more serious . esecuzione
by way of analysis , an acceptable definition seems to me to be that of the irish working group for the prevention of harassment , which defines it as direct or indirect , inappropriate and repeated behaviour of a verbal , physical or other nature , directed by one or more persons against a third party or parties in the workplace and / or in the execution of their work , which may justifiably be considered to violate an individual ' s right to dignity at work . inappropriata
the next item is the report ( a5-0274 / 2991 ) by mr marinho , on behalf of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , on the initiative by the governments of the french republic , the kingdom of sweden and the kingdom of belgium for the adoption by the council of a framework decision on the execution in the european union of orders freezing assets or evidence ( 5126 / 2001 - c5 ­ 0055 / 2001 - 2001 / 0803 ( cns ) ) . esecuzione
the commission has executive powers , but legislative competence is a matter for the parliament and the council and we absolutely insist on that ! NULL
the role of the commission of the european communities is to be the community executive , and the role of parliament is to support and strengthen the claims of the commission to be an authentic community executive . esecutivo
a second important point , which has already been hinted at , is the need to simplify community legislative procedures , distinguishing , that is , between political and legislative decisions , which must not become detailed technical instruments ; and distinguishing between parliament ' s prerogatives and competences that belong to the executive . esecutivo
i confirm , then , at the end of this short debate , that we intend to arrive at a clarification of our respective functions , but no one questions the role of the european parliament and the council in holding political control over the commission ' s executive work . esecutivo
i think this is an area we should focus on in a future meeting of the bodies we have proposed , in order to clear up this point : we must work together for a system in which the commission executes and the european parliament and the council exercise political control before measures are adopted . esegue
if there is always this possibility of call-back , parliament will obviously end up taking on a strictly executive function . esecutiva
we want a more parliamentary democracy in which the role of parliament is clear and precise , but also more efficient , one in which the executive role is not continually called into debate by procedures . esecutivo
in many of our countries they are crucial to agricultural production and many major companies employ third-country nationals in senior executive posts . impiegano
the draft proposal includes all those individuals and organisations potentially related to the 11 september attack covered by the us executive order issued by president bush last week . governo
as far as i am concerned , these projects could be funded and executed via bilateral channels . attuazione
it is a fact beneath contempt that the traditional , threefold division of power into legislative , judicial and executive authorities has been invalidated so that the eu can comply with the united states ' desire for rapid intervention . esecutivo
member states are being further restricted in the exercise of economic policy to a framework of decisions taken in advance and national parliaments are required to do no more than observe or , even worse , execute decisions taken by the åu . esecutori
we must ensure that sufficient support for the execution of the stabilisation and association agreement is being granted . attuazione
on 10 october , the commission proposed a draft regulation of the european parliament and of the council to approximate air transport security and safety standards within the european union , and also to give the commission the power of execution and inspection in order to ensure that the standards are being applied . esecutivo
given that this is for preparatory action , and in accordance with the rules on the execution of the budget , the commission really does not require a legal basis for these preliminary expenses , but it is nevertheless aware that it cannot develop the sis ii without calling on the experience of member states in relation to the current sis and its operation . esecuzione
i must also point out that the commission has responsibilities as an executive , and so it is also necessary to find a balance . esecutiva
why did the heads of government fail to make those executive decisions ? nodi
a general agreement has been adopted on the board , the executive structure and so forth . esecutiva
we also insist on something to which commissioner barnier has referred , namely that the legislative council which meets in public to decide on laws - not in committees , but in final rulings - needs to be separated from the executive council . esecutivo
it would in fact be necessary , for this reason , to move over to an executive council concentrating on foreign policy in particular . esecutivo
the first is item 9 , which refers to the council 's two areas of work , namely the legislative and the executive . esecutiva
i think that mr poos is quite right to say that a distinction must be made between the legislative council , that is , it must be clear when the council is acting in a legislative capacity and when it is acting in an executive capacity . esecutiva
at the same time , it puts forward working methods for the council that could have a damaging effect on the role of national governments , moving towards greater federalism , which include : strengthening the general affairs council , so that its meetings are held regularly , weekly even , attended by ministers ; and a distinction being made between the legislative and executive council , which must operate openly , which would seem to be moving towards the creation of some kind of european union senate . esecutivo
members of the executive can , more often than not , obtain what they need from their political friends in the commission or the council ' s delegations , but such documents are not , and will not be , available to all meps or to the public . NULL
with regard to the objectives of the common strategy that have been mentioned , it is laudable , of course , to aim for the implementation of a euro-latin american area of peace and stability , in addition to the signing of a peace charter , a task that in my opinion would be difficult to achieve , but not as difficult as reaching equivalent objectives , such as those sought by the barcelona process for euro-mediterranean cooperation , whose execution has not so far made it possible to solve the middle east conflict . realizzazione
does a child whose father is an executive of a multinational company have the same opportunities in finding work as a child whose father is unemployed ? trovare
the supranational commission would be developed into a federal government , exercising executive power and directing the union 's legislation ; this would operate subject to the confidence of the supranational european parliament . esecutivo
that is why the president of the european executive must one day , and one day soon , i hope , be elected by universal suffrage . mi
another area of obvious improvement on the current extradition procedure is deducting any detention enforced as part of the execution of the european arrest warrant in the executing state from the prison sentence that the person handed receives . esecuzione
hence the presidency has moved ahead with a compromise proposal , which assumes that the execution of an arrest warrant for offences included in the positive list does not require double jeopardy verification . esecuzione
another good example of these rules is the deduction of the period of deprivation of liberty from the punishment laid down in article 24 of the commission proposal , which states that the period of detention in the member state executing the warrant must be taken into account for the purposes of calculating compensation in the event that the individual surrendered is not convicted . esecuzione
an injunction will have to be able to be executed without delay , whether it has been issued by a spanish judge or a french judge , against an individual who is sought in one or other of the countries . eseguita
we ask , in particular , that the judicial authority of the executing member state not be restricted to the role of formally recording the extradition request but , rather , that safeguards be established to guarantee the protection of freedoms . esecuzione
the procedure should be still more restrictive when the executing member state is asked to hand over one of its own nationals to another country . esecuzione
furthermore , parliament is harming its own interests by favouring the parliamentary experience of the future chair of the convention over an executive body , whereas the commission , and commissioner barnier in particular , rightly reiterate at every opportunity that the confidence of governments in the chair of the convention will be a determining factor in the convention ' s hoped-for success . esecutiva
indeed , ' points to recent changes in the law in italy ' - paragraph 32 - and ' calls on the italian government to stop blocking leave of absence for italian public prosecutors to take up executive functions with olaf ' - paragraph 35 - are in both form and substance unacceptable criticisms of the exercise of sovereign powers by a member state , performed in full compliance with all democratic rules . espletamento
nevertheless , as you can understand , the executive power cannot possibly intervene in any way in the workings and the independence of the judiciary . ' esecutivo
we tabled the compromise amendments in order to bring forward the major priorities that this parliament has always emphasised : firstly , a parliamentary hearing for the proposed executive director of the new authority and a three-month period for parliament to express its opinion on the candidates for a small and tightly-focused management board . esecutivo
we , as parliament , have also ensured that we have gained more insight into the make-up of the management board and into the appointment of the executive director . direttore
this applies even more to the executive director . esecutivo
it would be wise for the european parliament to move further away from the executive tasks of the future european food safety authority . esecutivi
before the convention begins its work , the commission will state its position on many issues , such as the powers of the union and of the member states , the strengthening of parliament 's legislative role , the distinction between the council 's executive and legislative functions , and the commission 's executive tasks . esecutive
i would also like to remind you of some concrete facts : on 30 november , just a few days ago , less than half of the programme for 2001 had been executed . eseguito
only with the american system - with a separate executive , with the president of the commission being directly elected , with a scrutinising parliament safeguarding our constitutional framework - can we have a properly functioning europe , a strong commission , a strong parliament and a strong assembly of member states ; otherwise , our commission ' s role will increasingly be reduced to that of council secretariat . esecutivo
however , the french representatives jacques chirac and lionel jospin called for a stay of execution so that they can get through the presidential elections without any trouble . jospin
they obtained that stay of execution for the cap , which was facing the death penalty , so well , in fact , that when poland accedes to europe , polish farmers will be deceived because they will be joining the europe of the cap when in fact , from 2005 onwards , there will no longer be one . esecuzione
i was struck too at the senate judiciary committee hearing of attorney general john ashcroft by the way in which the proposal for military tribunals - the executive order from the president - would provide for hearings in secret , for a prosecution being able to withhold evidence from the defence , for defendants not necessarily having the right to an independent lawyer or to a private conversation with their lawyer , and by how a sentence - including a death sentence - can be passed by a majority of two-thirds of the jurors . esecutivo
with regard to the executive board ' s activities , as well as europol ' s operational activities , the council is currently studying ways and means of organising effective democratic control whilst at the same time meeting the organisation ' s operational needs . gestione
in the uk , there are proposals for executive decisions for detention without trial and an attempt to avoid any significant degree of judicial review . esecutivi
equally , european union leaders are right to call on israel to withdraw its military forces , stop extra-judicial executions , lift closures and restrictions on the palestinian people , free settlements and end operations directed against palestinian infrastructure . esecuzioni
ladies and gentlemen , your role of monitoring and supervising the commission ' s performance of its executive duties is vital to the smooth running and transparency of the community system . esecutive
it is true that the changeover to euro notes and coins was well executed , technically speaking , but the consumers had no other choice than , sooner or later , to use the new money . operazione
the time has come to make a clear distinction between intellectual services and executive services , between design and execution . esecuzione
not everything , not every service can be compared to a work of art , but the products of the mind cannot be confused with mere execution . esecuzione
an executing company possesses skills and experience and executive technology and is therefore the most suitable company to design and implement others ' ideas on a technical level , but that is all , with a few rare exceptions . NULL
by separating intellectual services from executive services we will be according the professions and the products of the mind their due value . esecutivi
joint contract awards , where contracts for executive design alone and execution are awarded together , are appropriate if there are intellectual service providers qualified as such according to the prevailing legislation in the company or attached to it . esecutiva
these considerations are the basis both for the amendment which makes it possible to award contracts for the design and execution of works either separately or together but requires justification to be produced where mixed contracts are awarded , and for the amendment which clearly defines what is meant by preliminary project paper , final project paper and executive project paper . esecuzione
finally , there needs to be an adequate review procedure to ensure that these criteria are applied in the execution of the contract . esecuzione
amendments nos 4 , 9 , 44 in part , 56 , 90 in part , 93 , 97 in part , and 108 in part concerning observance of other legislation , in particular social legislation , clauses relating to the execution of contracts and provisions concerning sub-contracting . esecuzione
the commission is , therefore , opposed to imposing a separation between the design and the execution of works . esecuzione
again , in the face of the very real problem of overfishing , in my humble opinion , the executive is not drawing up alternative proposals to the drastic solution of terminating the fishing activity altogether , the result of which would be to drive the fishermen away from the sector without establishing adequate accompanying or support measures for them . esecutivo
therefore , in the proposal contained in the report adopted by the parliamentary committee on fisheries , we call upon the executive to improve coordination of research into fisheries and research into marine biology , not to cut structural aid and to pay greater attention to the specific character of the mediterranean , whose diversified , multi-species fishery warrants appropriate legislation . esecutivo
the lack of this is a reason for the executing state not to implement the sanction . esecuzione
it is right for the eu to base cooperation on the concept of executing the decision of the issuing state , rather than that of deciding whether or not to grant cooperation in response to a request .  
we understand the basis of the proposal on setting a minimum threshold of eur 40 for the principle to be implemented because , in some cases , unless there is a minimum charge of eur 40 , the costs of transfer and implementation would not justify the execution of the judgment . esecuzione
parliament has often impressed upon myself and others the need to achieve equality with the council in the oversight granted to both parliament and the council in considering executive proposals . esecutive
mr corbett mentioned that parliament now has three months to consider the executive measures put forward by the commission . esecuzione
if , within this time , parliament has not adopted a resolution stating that the proposed technical amendments go beyond the executing powers specified in the directive , the commission will stop its measures . eccedono
as mrs randzio-plath says , it would amount to a mixing of executive and legislative powers , and for that reason the commission cannot see its way to agreeing with the chairperson of the committee on economic and monetary affairs . esecutivo
the council traditionally enjoys two types of powers , executive and legislative . esecutivo
due to its executive powers , article 202 grants it a specific role in drawing up implementing measures . esecutivo
the next intergovernmental conference should respond to this by strengthening the role of the council in the execution committees , and by strengthening the democratic scrutiny exerted over these committees : the scrutiny of the european parliament over the commission ' s representatives , possibly , but also the scrutiny of sectoral assemblies made up of national parliaments , which would be exerted over the council ' s representatives . applicazione
we are today examining the last phase of the plan to create a european arrest warrant , which seeks to abolish , for certain offences , the former extradition system between eu member states , which gave discretionary power to the executing state , but there is an obvious contradiction as far as this point is concerned . esecuzione
we have seen the list of offences grow in size with the subsequent versions of the plan . however , the essential guarantees that we requested in our explanation of vote of 29 november 2001 have still not been included , such as the right for the judge of the executing country to properly check the validity of the request and for the new system not to apply to the nationals of the executing country as they should continue to enjoy maximum protection . esecuzione
in the wake of the decree of 13 december , there is no point in the french government saying that it will not obey it , the commission will not go to the trouble of complaining to the court of justice to request a penalty payment for each day that the french government failed to execute the decision .  
what national parliaments must improve on doing is to scrutinise and check the executive power of the council . esecutivo
the problem is the preponderance of the executive . esecutivo
we are moving towards a process of strengthening the institutional role of the parliaments , which are elected to play a political and governing role , rejecting any decidedly antiquated element of concentration of executive power in the hands of institutions which are not at all legitimised by the people ' s vote . esecutivo
mr president , the napolitano report on relations between the european parliament and the national parliaments is based on the fair observation that there is a serious imbalance in the european union between the executive bodies that have extensive jurisdiction and a parliamentary power that is still too weak . esecutivi
the governments have thus gained for themselves at european level legislative and executive powers that would have been inconceivable in their national legal system . esecutivo
' parliamentarising ' the eu means reinforcing all elected assemblies in their relations with their executives at both national and european level . esecutivi
in the practical implementation of the structural funds one should be aiming at effective and result-oriented use of appropriations , execution of projects according to timetable , and optimum project quality . tabelle
in these terms , mr president-in-office , and taking up the reference you made to the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms , i ask you : will the european union extradite any person accused of serious crimes , including terrorism , if there is a possibility that they would be condemned to death or executed in the united states ? giustiziata
nor must we forget that those on the legal left in colombia are systematically executed if they appear in public . esecuzioni
the time that elapsed between setting up the programmes is , without doubt , one of the reasons that explains why the initial figures on their execution are so disappointing , but this is , of course , not the only explanation . esecuzione
in committee we saw the discharge of the 2000 budget , with an execution of 56 % of objective 1 , 4.5 % of objective 2 and 0 % of community initiatives . esecuzione
the commissioner , as he told us , wrote a letter to the presidents of the various countries , reminding them of the ' n + 2 ' rule , that is , that funds may disappear after two years of not being executed . utilizzati
article 9 of the statutes says that , in the proposal we are making , in the field of contracting , the executive committee must act totally independently from the management board in which the companies participating in the joint undertaking would be represented , that is to say that the executive committee acts independently of the companies which may participate in tenders . esecutivo
mr president , at the last sitting , we were all horrified at the possibility that safiya husseini might be executed in nigeria . paventavamo
there is currently a mobilisation in my country , because it appears that the execution has been brought forward to this saturday . esecuzione
it is horrendous that a woman is going to be executed for having had a daughter , which is her fifth child , whatever the circumstances of the child ' s birth . giustiziata
we should make a final effort to prevent this execution which the authorities have brought forward to this saturday in an attempt to avoid the international pressure on them not to carry out what i consider to be a murder . esecuzione
all too often , the execution of structural funds has been bureaucratic and the implementation slow and inefficient . esecuzione
national governments have a role to play in freeing up the execution process and i favour the call by meps for a more direct channelling of funds to the regions . attuativa
there are limitations on the practical independence of the judiciary , due amongst other reasons , to the fact that the supreme council of judges and prosecutors is headed by the minister of justice , which prevents any practical separation of the competences of the executive and the judicial powers . esecutivo
it has proven its worth , but the national agencies have a counterpart in brussels ; in future , this role will be filled by the executive agencies . esclusive
we will need to work with these executive agencies as well as we have worked , thankfully , with the national agencies . NULL
so i urge the commission and the committee on budgetary control to create the conditions for such cooperation during consultations concerning these executive agencies . esclusive
mr president , the procedure we are dealing with , the control of a programme throughout its execution , is normal in any parliament . esecuzione
council presidencies often present a programme to parliament as if they were assuming executive office . esecutivo
mr president , commissioner , the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism believes that parliament , as the budgetary authority , must be regularly informed about the execution underway for structural actions so that the alarm can be raised in terms of the application of the sunset clause . esecuzione
therefore , the costa neves report on the 2002 budget proposed real alternatives , in particular an improvement in the quality of budgetary execution both in the commission and in the member states , and we want to see results this year . esecuzione
the general forecasts , including those of the council , exceed the ceiling of the financial perspectives by eur 125 million , with the contribution of a growth of 9 % for the budget of the council , which will now ask for cuts , while criticising the bad execution of some policies .  
my understanding of the executive of this and of many other parliaments across the world is that the administration is generally neutral . funzionariato
as a result of the time limits laid down in the rules of procedure , i have not been able to dwell on the death sentence by stoning imposed on safiya husseini , in nigeria , nor on the iranian women who are publicly flogged , nor those women , photographs of whose lynching i have seen , nor did i arrive in time to prevent the execution by stoning of maryam ayoubi last year . lapidata
despite the fact that the iranian authorities had replied to the commission that it had not stoned women for three years , the un and amnesty international have stated that that execution took place . esecuzione
in the words of the uk health and safety executive , the body set up to give the uk government the expert and impartial scientific advice so necessary when dealing with such issues , these amendments provide " no benefit for health and safety and their sole effect will be to place unnecessary and unwelcome burdens on industry , particularly on small firms " . executive
the executive advises us to oppose most of the socialist amendments . consiglia
the commission is seeking to end the practice of public and particularly cruel executions pursued in certain islamic countries . esecuzioni
it is damaging , when a community of 25 or 27 will need a strong executive in the commission , if the head of government of one of our large member states accuses the commission of a bias against his country , of wanting to smash the culture of one of his industrial producers , and of singling out his country . esecutivo
it remains just a platform for political expression , without any decision-making or executive powers . esecutive
the committee on agriculture and rural development has attempted to introduce considerable improvements to the executive committee 's proposal through its amendment . sensibile
in view of the spiral of unparalleled and ruthless violence in recent weeks , it was certainly time for more specific language , and to point the finger of blame not only at the acts of palestinian suicide terrorists , which we condemn , but also the provocation , destructive acts , extra judicial executions , excessive use of force and the isolationist measures used by the sharon government in relation to the palestinians . esecuzioni
the report 's explanatory statement includes the following words : ' if the european citizen is to be offered an area of freedom , security and justice , we have to ensure that criminal investigations , prosecution and the execution of penalties can take place efficiently across borders ? . avvengano
according to normal parliamentary and rule-of-law principles , the key points of the policy should be indicated and drafted by the executive power , the commission , and should be approved and monitored by the representative of the people , the european parliament . esecutivo
the combating of organised crime , and across borders at that , is one such area , one where we as a parliament must emphatically make the point that , in order to facilitate control by parliament and by the public prosecutors , we need a primary police executive for a limited sphere of activity . esecutivo
that is why i feel that we should ask ourselves before the vote , each year , not so much whether everything has been done perfectly but rather whether we are going in the right direction , whether we are setting ourselves the right priorities , whether , in the executive action of the commission and - to a much lesser extent - all the other institutions , there is evidence of the intention to implement the will of the two arms of the budgetary authority as well as possible . esecutiva
it was also important to guarantee the agency 's autonomy , meaning that the executive director really is the head of the authority and , at the same time , that the management board is in a position to lay down appropriate guidelines for the agency and influence the way in which it works . esecutivo
we meps must therefore continue to insist , and do so over and over again , on the agencies being as independent as possible , and , for example , on the agency 's executive director having an important role internally and not just externally . esecutivo
so we want other directors of the agency to be appointed on the proposal of the executive director and hence on his responsibility . esecutivo
the commission can also unreservedly support those amendments which increase the powers of the executive director and the provisions that aim to facilitate his or her appointment . esecutivo
the european commission continues to play a central part in the conception and execution of that policy . esecuzione
the spread of the settlements , the seizing of land , the curfews , the palestinians imprisoned in their own villages , the summary executions , the ambulances prevented from reaching their destinations , the women giving birth at check points , the destruction of the palestinian authority : these are not mistakes or accidents . esecuzioni
we will have no moral authority for any form of mediation if , most of the time , we only ever condemn one side , if we cannot show that we are making the distinction between a democratic country , the only one in the entire region , which is , moreover , committed to respecting human rights - although we do not know for how long - and a satrapy where those suspected of collaborationism are executed without even the semblance of a trial , if we do not acknowledge the fact that the israeli army is engaged in giustiziati
a moratorium on execution of the sentence on those already condemned to death must be achieved , prior to pressing for the elimination of these sentences . dobbiamo
the increasing number of political executions spring to mind , as well as the ban on the falun gong movement and the recent escape of the tibetan karmapa lama to india . esecuzioni
human rights continue to be abused , political activity is suppressed and , according to amnesty international , there were more state executions in china last year than in all other countries combined . esecuzioni
china also executes more people than all other countries put together and , in this area , we must exert pressure in order to bring about a moratorium . sommati
hong kong is the most telling example where , recently , so-called ' elections ' , conducted in an entirely undemocratic way , were held for a new chief executive . executive
in fact , although occupational exposure to massive levels of white asbestos may pose some risk , as indeed does exposure to any dust at high levels , even the uk 's own risk-averse health and safety executive concedes that there is a negligible risk from exposure to products made from white asbestos . esecutivo
the burmese army still continues to perpetrate gross human rights abuses against ethnic civilian groups including beatings , rape , destruction of food supplies , forced relocation , torture , forced labour , extra-judicial summary executions and disappearances . esecuzioni
nevertheless , in nigeria we have the terrible spectacle of women being executed for simple adultery by a barbarically slow and painful method . giustiziate
we are all particularly worried , both in the union and the commission , by the cruelty of the punishments and executions practised in application of sharia law in a number of countries . esecuzioni
however , serious allegations have been made that the israeli defence forces were involved in extra-judicial executions and the use of human shields . esecuzioni
we are talking about poor execution and poor management . esecuzione
mr president , commissioner , the amending budget we are debating today , practically in private , reveals , as has been stated , a disease endemic throughout the execution of payment appropriations , because , given the amount in question , we are not talking about an exception , but the rule . esecuzione
firstly , the commission should improve its working systems both in the preparatory phase and in the execution phase . esecuzione
as a member of the executive board of the european central bank , he will have a part in decisions on the euro zone 's monetary policy which will affect growth and employment and thus people 's lives . direttivo
the new vice-president is the first new member of the first executive board , which was so successful in preparing and introducing the euro . direttivo
what underlines the independence of the members of the executive board is that re-election to it is not permitted , and so this is renewed proof of personal independence . direttivo
american arguments at the un summit on children against safeguards - because they would prevent judicial execution of minors in texas - offend the european concept of justice , just as us treatment of taliban prisoners in the shibarghan camp in northern afghanistan seems to us to violate the geneva convention . esecuzioni
it is true that attacks are still taking place and it is also true that there are still summary executions , but there has been a change over the last month : there is the mukata agreement , the issue of the solution to the problem of the church of the nativity , and there are other important issues . esecuzioni
we must remember that mr netanyahu , who makes mr sharon look like a moderate , and mr sharon signed the wye plantation agreements as executives of the state of israel and that brings responsibilities . plantation
but , frankly , i find it extraordinary that mr solana and mr blair and several others can float the idea of creating an executive committee formed out of the council presidency without referring to the role of the european commission . esecutivo
the efficiency of the union will be greatly improved as soon as the commission is granted sufficient executive authority to act without the constant interference of the council . esecutiva
with regard to the more specific issue of alleviating the negative effects of massive job cuts , in 1975 the council adopted the directive on collective redundancies , amended in 1992 and consolidated in 1998 , in which specific requirements with regard to information and consultation from company executives were laid down . attenersi
we have to acknowledge that there are concerns in the areas of respect for the principle of subsidiarity and also the distinction between legislative and executive powers and responsibilities , which is not always clear , and the absence of a hierarchy of acts . esecutivo
it is therefore proposed that we should adopt a true constitution of the union , bring the second and third pillars within the community sphere , make a clearer distinction between legislative work and executive work , establish a hierarchy of standards and define the relevant instruments better . esecutivo
we should demand a report from the community executive on that impact in order to be clear about this . esigere
the members , though agreeing , overall , with the executive committee , tabled a number of amendments intended to guarantee legal certainty for retailers and to limit the impact of total competition . rivenditori
i would also ask the rapporteur to clarify what he expects parliament and the committees to do with amendments nos 87 and 88 , as we are not an executive , for which farthings or pennies or cents and ? esecutivo
rio 's political framework was sound , but its execution poor . attuazione
i am sure i am right in assuming that the spanish presidency will do everything in its power to ensure that the council as a legislative body is distinguished from the council as an executive body and that , where it acts as legislator , it does so transparently . esecutivo
but we welcome the reassurance we have heard today that the reforms will not touch matters for the igc and the convention , because it is essential that the council does not become the legislature and executive and break the current balance between the institutions . esecutivo
with regard to the reform of the council , it is clear that the council has a dual dimension : executive and legislative . esecutiva
mr president , are the non-elected executives of industry the legislators , or is this the task of the elected representatives of the people ? dirigenti
road safety cannot simply be the concern of the executive and car manufacturers . esecutivo
executions were still taking place in taiwan until 1998 . esecuzioni
mr president , i think that we all remember various resolutions from parliament against the death penalty , which led to an increase in recent years in the countries who have abolished the death penalty , or at least in those who have had a practical moratorium , in which executions have not taken place in recent years . esecuzioni
neither the investors nor the executive bodies can always be convinced of the importance of the ten links . esecutori
ladies and gentlemen , as you can see , this is a somewhat technical report , but it does show how necessary it is for all our parliamentary committees to concentrate on monitoring the executive . esecutivo
less europe in terms of reunification , with the failure to comply with the deadlines set in nice for enlargement ; less europe in terms of democracy , with the european council gaining in power , the power of the executives standing above parliament ; less europe in terms of economic stability , with the previously agreed plan being made more flexible ; less europe in terms of foreign policy , with a bush plan for the middle east that ignores europe 's position ; less europe in terms of participation , due to the autonomous regions being prevented from governi
secondly , i want to thank you , mr duisenberg , and the executive board for your good cooperation with parliament and especially with our committee , although there is room for improvement on both sides . direttivo
the group of the greens and my group proposed two amendments requiring the executive committee to develop a methodology for defining safe distances with regard to future businesses and residential areas , but also to take into account other criteria in current evaluations . esecutiva
we cannot release our executive from its responsibility . esecutivo
i am ashamed when i observe how privatisation makes entire peoples , entire countries or regions , dependent for their income on executive boards that only take account of the interests of their own shareholders . curano
the community 's executive has rejected the memorandum presented during the recent spanish presidency and supported by many member states , in favour of promoting these crops in the european union , despite the fact that we are increasingly dependent on soya from the united states . esecutivo
the pse group has therefore tabled an amendment asking the commission to work in consultation with consumer groups and industry to ensure the clear and unambiguous execution of the information requirements . attuazione
owing to the different executive responsibilities of our colleagues in the commission , it is important that we should profit from their presence at the end of this debate by inviting each of the commissioners to make a short statement pertaining to the college in general and , specifically , to their own portfolios . esecutive
in other words , the sums in question are released by the executive in each member state . esecutivo
the commission decided what help it could give in its executive capacity , what measures we could take directly , at its special meeting after the summer recess . esecutivo
i thank the commissioner for his clear analysis and for clarifying the intention of the commission , in its capacity as executive , to really assert itself here and help this principle gain acceptance . esecutivo
i would like to mention two key points : firstly , the commission proposes a better structure for the cycle of policy coordination based on three points : execution , political orientations and guidelines . esecuzione
this unilateralist approach does not further the cause of afghanistan , not least in that we are legitimately and frankly concerned at the way we are blindly placing all our trust in president bush , whose approach to foreign policy is quite inconsistent and has , moreover , even been questioned by his executive . esecutivo
the council cannot see that these practical guidelines are in any way incompatible with the commission 's executive powers , which cannot in any way be affected by a decision , the sole purpose of which is to enable the european council to exercise as effectively as possible the responsibility which the european council has been given . esecutivi
as the question concerning the separation of the executive and legislative powers - whether it is a matter of the principle in general or its application in the union - has not been discussed as such by the council , the council is not in a position to respond to the exact point raised in question h-o 535 . esecutivo
having said this , it is undeniable that in europe , in the european union , it is the council that wields the most legislative power and , furthermore , controls executive power through the comitology procedure . esecutivo
i believe we must make europe a true democracy , with separation of powers , as suggested by other speakers : legislative power should reside with this parliament , and executive power with the commission . esecutivo
as regards the second question , i would like to refer to the executive committee decision of 20 december 1995 on the procedure for applying article 2 ( 2 ) of the convention implementing the schengen agreement , which has a long reference number which i do not want to read out . esecutivo
mr president , commissioner , as christian democrats , and as the ppe-de group , our commitment to the defence of the value of human life and dignity , and the defence of the fundamental rights and freedoms required for that dignity , lead us once again to vigorously condemn the violations of human life and dignity represented by the death sentences - and , what is more , death by stoning - handed down in strict application of islamic law ; and to urge the authorities responsible to show clemency in order to prevent the ignominy of the execution esecuzione
mr president , commissioner , following the success of international action to save the life of safiya husseini in march this year , it is all the more shocking to again be faced with the threatened execution of a nigerian woman and mother by being stoned to death . lapidazione
in iran alone a total of 35 people , both men and women , have already been executed this year in various ways . messe
amendment no 1 removed the wording in paragraph 30 to the effect that the european parliament ' expresses its indignation at the increasing number of executions in china ' and ' recalls that the chinese government systematically uses persecution and torture as a means to silence dissidents and minorities ' . esecuzioni
mr president , i want to begin by thanking mr evans for the well executed piece of work we have come to expect of him . abituato
this will allow us to finance measures to accompany the execution of readmission agreements . esecuzione
with regard to the shared concern to solve the problem of the outstanding commitments , essentially the abnormal rals , i would like to ask a question : does the commissioner believe that the cut by the council of eur 500 million in payment appropriations is compatible with its execution objectives for next year ? esecuzione
women are still the worst affected , with average salaries still being considerably lower than those of men , and women still experience considerable difficulty in being promoted to more senior and executive positions . esecutive
it is a disgrace that huge trade union organisations in europe , with hundreds of thousands of members , do not even have token representation of both sexes and that there are entire trade union executives made up only of men . esecutivi
an important component is responsibility at executive level right up to the boardroom . esecutivo
with regard to access to executive positions , only 2 % of women occupy the posts of departmental heads and managers , which rises to 3.2 % at more senior levels . cariche
the british conservative delegation fully supports greater cooperation between judicial authorities , especially in the execution of judgments and the service of legal process throughout europe . esecuzione
mr söderman has been most assiduous in executing his brief on behalf of the citizens of europe . solerte
algeria has a duty to improve the situation and , more to the point , to ensure that there is a genuine division between the executive , legislative and judicial powers and transparent ballot counts . esecutivo
what we want most of all is for the union to adopt an economic policy that addresses the current economic situation and sustainable development , and although the commission is in effect the only executive body designed to promote common interests , it does not yet have the necessary culture and legitimacy to implement an economic policy esecutivo
the structure of the eaemp is intended to reflect that of the eu food safety authority , with an open application procedure for the management board and the executive director . esecutivo
amendments nos 10 and 11 would limit the executive competence of the commission to ' technical ' aspects . esecutiva
we are also interested in seeing reform of our regional policy and in unblocking the backlog of appropriations still to be executed . eseguiti
you are the community 's executive . esecutivo
my concern is not only that unambiguous rules should be created for the commission , but also - something in article 93a to which i would gladly return - with working out how this parliament should at last flex its muscles a bit more at the council in its executive capacity , and that we should make this our concern . esecuzione
the granting of discharge is parliament 's most important prerogative as a monitoring body when it comes to the assessment of how the budget has been managed by the executive - that is , primarily , by the commission . esecutivo
because authorising officers are the officials with the most important executive role they must be fully accountable for their actions , and cannot take refuge behind the backs of others . esecutivo
for that reason , amendments nos 33 and 34 , for example , are not acceptable , as they would allow for responsibility for execution to be shared once again by two people , the authorising officer and the accounting officer . esecuzione
surely one of the first things that the executive should be able to do is to change the rules governing its own staff ! esecutivo
as part of preparations for this summit , the issue relating to disappearances , torture , and very often unfortunately , executions of civilians , like mr ali khanbiev , who is a doctor and nothing more than a doctor , will this issue feature on the agenda ? esecuzioni
human rights issues - and , specifically , the use of cruel forms of execution such as stoning - have always been high on the agenda of the comprehensive political dialogue that takes place at the half-yearly meetings between iran and the eu . esecuzione
on the basis of this initiative , the council adopted , on 30 september , a declaration on the death penalty and , in particular , cruel forms of execution . esecuzione
in its declaration , the council again emphasises , clearly and unambiguously , that the eu repudiates the death penalty and , in particular , execution by stoning . esecuzioni
it is based partly upon the executive committee 's decision of 29 april 1999 on general principles governing the payment of informers and upon the decision of the central group of 22 march 1999 on general principles governing the payment of informers . esecutivo
we have more and more global processes , not just now with kyoto , but on other issues - i am thinking of the international monetary fund , financial policy , worldwide credit policy , environmental policy and trade policy - which are in fact decided solely by the executive . esecutivo
we need to find new ways of working together instead of just taking recourse to the executive - in this case the commission . esecutivo
b5-0559 / 2002 by mrs boumediene-thiery and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on executions and stoning in iran . esecuzioni
this clearly expresses our joint concerns about the executions of women and , more rarely , men by the cruel and barbaric practice of stoning and about the sharp rise in the use of the death penalty in iran over the past two years . esecuzioni
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , a government that has presided over the execution of over 250 people since january 2002 , including 27 since 30 september alone - the day on which negotiations were held between the eu and iran ; one which , secondly , includes a woman such as the advisor to president khatami , a woman who has said that stoning is a legitimate and defensible method of protecting family values ; thirdly , one that sentences human rights activists such as nasser zarafshan to years in prison - such a government deserves lapidazione
despite the visit by a european delegation in connection with human rights , there were still five public executions on 30 september . esecuzioni
mr president , sadly , it cannot be denied that there has been an unprecedented increase in the number of executions in iran in the past year . esecuzioni
europe can and must play an executive role in this . attivo
as for the second danish initiative for a framework decision on the execution in the european union of confiscation orders , this second initiative deals , as mr marinho has just said , with the mutual recognition and execution of confiscation orders in the european union . esecuzione
kemal ataturk , who planned a modern state for the turkish people , will be vindicated once all the institutional reforms have been completed and implemented , once the military leadership obeys and executes the decisions taken by the democratic political leadership in turkey .  
specific execution is still in the hands of the states and global coordination in the hands of eurocontrol . esecuzione
such decisions should be automatically recognised and executed by the other member states . messe
torture , rape , extra-judicial executions and disappearances are everyday occurrences . esecuzioni
i would like to draw your attention to the fact that , although we are talking about terrorists , there can never be any justification for an entirely summary execution such as that carried out by russian troops when those people were probably fast asleep . esecuzione
the transfer of executive power to the future prime minister is expected to take place in the course of this month . esecutivo
we expect that the new government will be equipped with full executive powers . esecutivi
it is true that there is an execution phase and a delegation phase , and that it could be argued that , since the execution falls to the governments of the member states , parliament should get involved in this phase , which is outside the actual activity of control . esecutiva
we will be looking very closely at whether the government 's pledge to respect human rights and the rule of law is met and whether there are moves towards democratisation that will result in the establishment of a democratically elected executive and legislature . esecutivo
we are also very concerned about the possible bias in the implementation of this operation and about the delays in implementing or failure to implement reforms such as the separation of the judiciary from the executive , the ombudsman and the creation of an independent human rights commission . esecutivo
that really ought to be something which can be taken up by the legislature and executive which deal with this problem as a matter of european law , then the scottish parliament and executive . esecutivo
as most of the items in the commission 's programme appear also in my draft for a federal union it is clear that i shan 't be your fiercest critic and , while i commend the firm rejection of an idea of a super-president of the council , i do have concerns and reservations about the proposal for an executive presidency of the council . esecutiva
surely it would be an improvement to follow the logic of what you propose for foreign and security policy , which is the virtual cloning of mr solana and mr patten , and to follow that practice in the other two areas where the council enjoys executive authority . esecutive
the commission may also be given increased executive powers , and mr aznar 's leadership become a proper government that stands accountable . esecutivi
secondly , the commission has to become the sole repository of executive power , reinforced in its role as the expression of the common interest of the union ; in other words , we must move towards a genuine union government , elected by the democratic representatives of european citizens and accountable to the institutions which represent the citizens and the states . esecutivo
i would also like to congratulate you on clearly advocating that there should be just one executive and not two . esecutivo
we need to share more work between a legislative authority which authorises and supervises and an executive authority which adopts implementing regulations and which , in our view , must be the commission . esecutiva
the primary achievements are : firstly , to make a clearer distinction between legislative and executive acts ; secondly , to rationalise the choice of the instruments available so that force will more clearly follow form and , thirdly , to bring in a clearer class of subordinate legislation which should contribute not only to the quality of primary legislation but also to the parliamentary scrutiny of what is passed . esecutivi
so the executive , wanting to be helpful , puts its rules in appendices or other forms of act , despite the fact that in some cases there are some really intricate political issues of decisive importance lurking in their depths . NULL
this morning the health and safety executive set out for the united kingdom exactly how this directive would be implemented , the way that even small- and medium-size enterprises would find a way through this health and safety legislation . hse
he quite rightly wants executive measures of the european commission to be submitted for the approval of this parliament if we register an objection within three months . esecutive
the first refers to the improvement of the quality of budget execution . esecuzione
this new budgetary law will also make budget execution more transparent and more coherent . esecuzione
the budget account will use traditional cash accounting for budget revenue and expenditure , which is what the budgetary authority requires for checking the execution and implementation of the budget ; this means that the actual expenditures and actual receipts will be compared with the estimated amounts decided in the budget . esecuzione
therefore , certain asturian mayors , very concerned about some complaints made to the commission by certain asturian local organisations , came here to find out how the executive commission was dealing with those complaints . esecutiva
moreover , the time has come to consider seriously the forward-looking ideas that were recently presented by the high commissioner , ruud lubbers , and which have been blessed by the united nations high commissioner for refugees executive committee . esecutivo
in this respect , i shall respond to mrs boumediene-thiery and say that the commission has no executive responsibilities in the area of return . esecutive
a few days ago , on 10 december , the former financial secretary , now acting chief executive , donald tsang , said in a speech in hong kong : ' the free flow of information , the freedom to say and do what we want are the very fabric of hong kong society ' . tsang
we must prevent unlawful sentences from being executed and the grant of financial aid must be made dependent on improvements in the area of human rights . esecuzione
although we believe that the immediate danger of execution has been averted for the time being , the commission will continue to follow this case very closely , particularly as regards the provision of solid evidence and guarantees of a fair trial . esecuzione
certainly , there has been a moratorium on stonings , but everyone knows of course that , in the autumn of 2002 , there was a series of large-scale demonstrations in iran in favour of human rights and democracy and against executions and stonings . esecuzioni
just at the moment , in scotland , the government , the scottish executive , the opposition parties , are all of the view for example that a recent compromise reached at the fisheries council violates the principle of proportionality . esecutivo
i am referring here to the participation of the regions involved - both in the draft phase and in the execution phase of the policy - the appropriate application of article 203 , the possibility for the region to ask the committee of the regions or their own government to go to the court if they think that the principle of subsidiarity has been violated , or to take action , and finally to develop a statute for border regions . attuazione
i believe mrs swiebel 's report is a balanced report , because it is sincere and transparent , it mentions sources , without judging them , it does not oblige us to vote against or in favour of certain facts , but it draws attention to existing complaints which the executives must investigate and assess . attira
we are keen to ensure that european operations in bosnia herzgovina and the fyrom , which will be the first field test of the european union 's operational readiness , are properly prepared and executed . impeccabile
some were probably executed in lebanon , but no search has been undertaken for the bodies . giustiziate
but if the iraqi government persists in ignoring the requirements demanded of it , not for just a month or two , but since april 1991 , when resolution 687 was adopted , democratic parliaments such as the european parliament must demand of the executive powers that they meet their responsibilities . esecutivi
it should also tackle the important issue of the abolition of the death penalty , and again , we call on the eu to sponsor a resolution inviting all states to introduce a moratorium on executions with a view to the total abolition of the death penalty , and we reiterate our request to the us , china , saudi arabia , congo , iran and other states to immediately end all executions . esecuzioni
with regard to china , the strike hard campaign continues to be extremely worrying , having dramatically increased the number of executions in china , often carried out in reliance on insufficient evidence in summary trials . esecuzioni
numerous newspapers are being closed down daily and unfortunately the number of executions has increased significantly . esecuzioni
since 1996 we have had a new procedure that more or less involves closing the accounts annually and taking long-term decisions on the conformity of these accounts , in other words about the question as to whether this budget has been properly executed . adeguata
in 1996 a conciliation body was set up to resolve any conflicts between the commission and the member states , and accreditation of the paying agencies responsible for execution and payments in the member states was introduced . esecuzione
mr president , given that , despite worldwide protests , including protests from the european parliament in december , a tibetan was executed by order of a chinese court four days ago and the same fate awaits a highly respected lama , i ask the house to agree to a motion going further than proposal no 8 from the greens and non-attached members . giustiziato
' condemns in the strongest terms the execution of the tibetan lobsang dhondup on 26 january for alleged political crimes and calls for the immediate setting aside of the death sentence on the buddhist lama tenzin delek ' . esecuzione
mr president , on a point of order , i should like to ask you to write to president bush and the governor of texas to protest against the execution by lethal injection of the british citizen , jackie elliott , last week , despite mounting evidence that he was innocent of the crime for which he had been convicted and was on death row for 16 years . esecuzione
the texas authorities pressed ahead with the scheduled execution , despite the fact that a number of key legal appeals had still to be heard by the texas criminal court of appeals . esecuzione
there is now some hope after all that it will dawn even on the president of the convention that the head of europe 's executive has to be elected , not behind the council 's locked doors , but in this house , the people 's open forum . esecutivo
the authorities of the state of texas reacted in an even more diabolical way , stating that the court of justice could not stand in the way of the executions . esecuzioni
parliament has to play an even greater role in the interinstitutional communication strategy executed by the commission . attuata
i think that in a democratic system , majority voting should apply , and then the voting behaviour of the individual members of the central banks or the executive board can also be published . esecutivo
we support instead an executive board of nine members , as mr friedrich has mentioned , taking operational decisions , plus a wider governing council that would involve all member states ' central bank governors in strategic decisions , such as the definition of price stability , and the emphasis on other objectives , such as monetary reference values . esecutivo
however , there should be some checks and balances on the executive board , which is why we propose that the governing council should be able to overturn decisions of the executive board by a two-thirds majority . esecutivo
the friedrich report proposes to restrict monetary policy decisions to an executive board of nine members , which would be selected on the basis of the two-fold criteria of the population of each country and the total size of its economy and the relative size within it of the financial services sector . esecutivo
the first criterion is that the distribution of power between the executive board and the governing council must be examined carefully to ensure that the bank is in a position to take decisions . esecutivo
it envisages even more enhanced competencies for the enlarged executive board of nine members at the expense of the ecb governing council , which currently meets twice a month , but which - with as many as 27 members in line with the committee 's proposal - could henceforth naturally only play a subordinate role . esecutivo
i must draw your attention to the fact that the commission does not have any executive power in the countries that will be joining us . esecutivo
this shocking situation , which contrasts with what will be the case when the eu charter of fundamental rights becomes binding - under which foreigners as well as eu citizens will have their basic rights guaranteed - comes hot on the heels of other miscarriages of justice such as the case of a briton who was executed when a texas judge refused to look at dna evidence and another briton held for three weeks in prison in south africa because of fbi incompetence . giustiziato
the ecb , the community institution that has breached the principle that all member states should be represented on its executive board , and also perhaps the least democratic and transparent of all the institutions , has made a recommendation to the council to ' preserve its capacity to take decisions in an effective way ' . esecutivo
in fact , this is not the case since it will be the executive board of nine members that will take most decisions . esecutivo
like the united nations , the ecb would now have an executive board consisting of 5 member states with permanent voting rights . esecutivo
this is a military operation that has been executed following the eu / nato declaration on the esdp of 16 december 2002 , which welcomes ' the strategic partnership established between the european union and nato in crisis management , founded on our shared values , the indivisibility of our security and our determination to tackle the challenges of the new century ' . operazione
it is unacceptable for an employer or board of executives to be able to decide to make workers redundant simply to increase company profits . decidano
the european union must also demand that the regime put an end to the climate of impunity , that applies to all those who are guilty of torture , forced labour , deportations or unlawful executions . esecuzioni
i realise that this execution is not the wish of the nigerian government . esecuzione
i appeal for mercy and assurance that she will not be executed under any circumstance . eseguita
part of our job as the rapporteur team has been to consult staff and executives in other institutions to make sure their needs are fully catered for . dirigenti
by way of conclusion , i am of course proud that the netherlands has managed to qualify to be allocated a seat of the executive office of the edctp . esecutivo
every loss of innocent life is a tragedy , but saddam hussein has executed and tortured more people in the last two weeks for desertion and for welcoming our troops than the alliance may have killed accidentally as a result of the military hostilities . uccidere
i think that you have done everything possible to execute this building project in accordance with the proper rules . eseguire
furthermore , i would also like to point out the caution in relation to the creation of executive agencies , the need to impose limits on the under-use of appropriations , particularly in relation to the structural funds , and compliance with the objectives of the sapard programme , above all in terms of its positive aspect of creating administrative support structures in the countries which are about to join us . esecutive
this instrument is for us , therefore , an essential aspect of the common immigration policy proposed by the commission and was , in fact , the first of all the proposals that the commission presented to the council in execution of the tampere mandate . ottemperanza
sixthly , control by eurojust will be meaningful only when europol has had real executive powers handed over to it , for , until they have been , the fact that europol remains subject to the control of national public prosecutors will result in structures being duplicated . esecutivi
the europol convention should be replaced with a council decision under article 34 ( 2 ) ( c ) of the treaty on european union , to which the commissioner has just referred , which will allow changes to be introduced through a simplified procedure and the adoption of executive measures by a qualified majority ; it would thus become integrated into the european union system of institutions . esecutive
i know this is difficult , i know that germany and france in particular are not necessarily cooperative with regard to establishing an executive director . esecutivo
with this proposal the commission is keeping to the commitments it made in the white paper on european governance and in its action plan on better regulation , namely , inter alia , to give the council and the european parliament equal rights in monitoring and overseeing the executive . esecutivo
all systems , be they national parliamentary or european parliamentary systems , have methods of delegating powers to the executive : implementing powers , secondary legislation - call them what you like . esecutivo
the commission , as the sole executive , should be able to retain full responsibility for adopting executive instruments . esecutivo
the deletion of ' possibly ' would tie the hands of the commission and prevent it from exercising its responsibility as the executive . esecutivo
i am confident that the commission can count on parliament 's continued support in the process of clarifying the roles and competences of the executive and the legislator . esecutivo
last year , mr solans , a member of the executive board of the european central bank , writing in the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung , even called for greater quantities of relevant statistics for the eurozone . direttorio
this demonstrates anew how great a gulf there is between political reforms on the one hand and , on the other , the attitude taken by the executive and the judiciary to their implementation . esecutivo
with regard to the cooperatives , with their own specific characteristics for the participation of their members and for the redistribution of profits , our abstention is based both on our doubts about the entire legislative process , and on the aim and content of this commission initiative , although parliament did propose some welcome amendments to the proposal submitted by the executive committee . esecutivo
the draft eu-usa agreement on extradition contains a provision which prohibits extradition in the case of the imposition or execution of the death penalty . esecuzione
as regards the death penalty , and here i must also refer in connection with the death penalty to the draft on judicial assistance , because perhaps it is clearer than in the draft on extradition , and point out that , on the basis of article 13 of the draft agreement on mutual judicial assistance , the member states have the facility to refuse a request for assistance from the united states of america if they consider that the execution of the request might affect their sovereignty , security , public order or other fundamental interests . esecuzione
on the contrary , on the basis of everything we have included in the draft , we go much further , by safeguarding and guaranteeing that the death penalty will not be imposed , will not be executed , than a series of bilateral agreements which have no such guarantees . eseguita
' the council condemns the recent actions of the cuban authorities , notably the executions , the large-scale arrests of dissidents , the unfair trials and the arbitrary and excessive sentences imposed . esecuzioni
the ? u roundly condemns the recent executions of cuban citizens carried out following summary trials and expresses its regret that the moratorium on the death penalty in the country has come to an end . esecuzioni
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , you have before you a unanimous resolution by the committee on economic and monetary affairs to appoint mrs tumpel-gugerell as a member of the executive board of the european central bank and to support this recommendation . esecutivo
i have six demands to make of the new member of the ecb 's executive board . esecutivo
sixthly - and a number of speakers have alluded to this - i would ask the new member of the european central bank 's executive board to uphold the principle of price stability and adhere to it rigorously . esecutivo
madam president , by virtue of the rules of the ec treaty , we on the committee on economic and monetary affairs heard gertrude tumpel-gugerell , the council 's recommended candidate for the executive board of the european central bank , as successor to sirkka hämäläinen . esecutivo
mrs tumpel-gugerell 's curriculum vitae would indicate that she is an excellent choice in terms of the main requirements laid down in the ec treaty for membership of the executive board of the european central bank , namely personal integrity and recognised standing and professional experience in the monetary and banking field . esecutivo
we therefore hoped that replacing one member of the executive board , in this case by mrs tumpel-gugerell , an austrian , might help to change the current situation . esecutivo
nor do we support the view that the commission and the other institutions of the eu must be given further executive influence over the lisbon process and economic policy . attuazione
i know that democracy is a dreadful bore for all executives , but it is , nonetheless , a proof of civilisation . noia
mr president , too many people have died in this conflict , killed in a war of fratricide and poverty : out of three and a half million inhabitants two and a half have been dispersed , there are rapes , summary executions and enforced conscription of children to the army and military groups . esecuzioni
over the past few days , there have been reports that up to 30 000 people have gone into hiding following further executions and massacres in bunia . esecuzioni
in this way we can contribute in a positive manner to the training of future executives in third countries and increase cooperation with these countries in terms of education in order to meet the challenge of the internationalisation of teaching . dirigenti
these seem to us , mr president , commissioner , the positive directions that the executive - the commission - ought to take in order to offer a particularly sensitive and strategic sector quite a different prospect than the destruction , without more ado , of a common organisation of the market , which up until now has managed to preserve one of the union 's few sources of vegetable protein . filiera
there must be one body with executive power . esecutivo
if we follow the convention experts , the mixture of community and intergovernmental , the distribution of legislative , executive and so on , we will find ourselves in a period of total decadence , where we do nothing but destroy any remnants of the classical which brought us to this point . esecutivo
it is essential to remove the idea of incompatibility with holding a national mandate too , because if we establish a full time president of the european council - albeit calling the post ' chairman ' or trying to draw up a restrictive job description - all the elements of duplication , or dualism in the leadership of the union , which have been condemned for being extremely confusing with regard to executive functions , will inevitably come about . esecutive
i do not believe that parliamentary immunity places members above the law , but that it is a guarantee against unjustified proceedings that the executive powers , through the intermediary of prosecutors , could instigate . esecutivi
for this reason , i would like to raise two quite specific questions : first , to what extent is the tacis programme being intensified , with a focus on institution building and training up a new , younger generation of executives to work in the government , the judiciary and the administration ? dirigenti
in their bilateral contacts with the cuban authorities , the member states also protested strongly about the arrests and executions . esecuzioni
' the council condemns the recent actions of the cuban authorities , notably the executions , the large-scale arrests of dissidents , the unfair trials and the arbitrary and excessive sentences imposed . esecuzioni
the ? u roundly condemns the recent executions of cuban citizens carried out following summary trials and expresses its regret that the moratorium on the death penalty in the country has come to an end . esecuzioni
mr president , the indonesian government must formally put on record its opposition to human rights violations such as unlawful killings , including extra-judicial executions , disappearances and torture . esecuzioni
thus , it is handing over the citizens of the member states , bound hand and foot , to a country in which death penalties are executed on a daily basis , thousands are held without trial or defence , cuban terrorists and hijackers roam free and cuban patriots are held without defence because they uncovered plans for american terrorist activities against cuban leaders , not to mention the hundreds in guantanamo . dirottatori
among the issues that will be on the table for the next convention are foreign policy - a clear example of a loose thread - as well as merging the jobs of the two executive presidents into one and continuing to develop the council into a second chamber . esecutivi
this assessment identifies the reasons for this underuse , blaming both the commission and the member states that benefit from these funds : a lack of transition between programmes , delays in execution and the submission of projects , inadequate coordination and poor planning decisions . esecuzione
the complex issue - and this has been a very controversial point - of awarding design and execution contracts jointly , appreciated and appreciable for some specific categories of contracts , cannot be a hard and fast rule . eseguire
it is in this spirit that i have some reluctance in accepting some further amendments relating to different subjects such as e-auctions , framework agreements , dynamic purchasing systems , the competitive dialogue and the choice between separate or joint awarding of contracts for design and execution of works contracts . esecuzione
regarding the state of budget execution this year , you also note that implementation is less than at the same time last year . esecuzione
it is not true that only three of the 14 projects decided on at essen were executed because of a lack of funds : if there were not enough investors , one reason is that the appropriateness , socio-economic viability and - we would add -environmental sustainability of many of those projects were not guaranteed . realizzati
at these moments the commission will carry out its mandate - a mandate that is not only executive but also one of instigation and proposal - i repeat , leading on in terms of the policies and collaboration that we have built up over these years together with the european parliament and the various presidencies . esecutivo
where the executive is concerned , i think that it made sense to have divided the council into a legislative council and an executive council , but that the solutions proposed at the end of the convention are not as satisfactory . NULL
we think ' how can americans insist on executing people , insist on boycotting the international criminal court and insist on denying guantanamo bay detainees a fair trial ? ' boicottare
even though preparations for it had to be launched at the end of last year , it takes into account many of the recommendations made by your rapporteur , such as more analysis on the effectiveness of aid follow-up to monterrey and johannesburg , more statistical information permitting a comparison among the regions , and an executive summary . propositiva
that is why , while they turn a blind eye and acquiesce to the daily executions and the thousands of political prisoners , including cubans , in the usa , israel and elsewhere , while they support dismal dictatorships and genocide , they shed crocodile tears about the fate of the paid agents of the imperialists in cuba . esecuzioni
we are in the midst of a peace process , the european union is a member of the quartet , and i believe that if we in the european parliament and in the other institutions really feel solidarity with the executive and with the figure of mr solana in his capacity as ' mr common foreign and security policy ' , our representative , then we should support a rapprochement between the countries and not seek conflict between the parties . esecutivo
i expect mr trichet to continue to follow this line in the future and to be consistent when it comes to the execution of the rules and to speak out clearly on this matter in paris too . vigilare
as you know , an adoption at first reading is of major importance for the timely execution of the 2004 consumer policy budget . esecuzione
the consumer policy budget must and will be executed in strict accordance with the rules set out in the financial regulation . del
i also agree with the commission 's overall aspiration to abolish concentration rules and open up the business of executing share trades to competition between exchanges , between mtfs and between the internal execution platforms of investment firms . mtf
i agree with the commission that the best way to protect investors is through a strong combination of competition , conduct of business rules , conflict of interest rules , best execution rules and transparency . esecuzione
the proposal for the directive also requires financial institutions to get the go-ahead from customers when the order is to be executed . eseguire
all extrajudicial executions and all punitive demolition of homes must stop . esecuzioni
it must put a stop to the executions , and it must suspend all activities surrounding the settlements and the construction of the shameful so-called security wall . esecuzioni
the scottish executive has given gbp 50 million , with gbp 40 million for decommissioning and gbp 10 million for the direct socio-economic impact . esecutivo
to observe and judge them is now a matter for parliament , a matter for the council , but it is certainly not a matter for the executive power to judge what a freely elected government and a freely elected parliament do . esecutivo
the second problem is recognition in the constitution of the existence within the union of constitutional nationalities , federated states , and so on , with executive and legislative powers : state powers , in fact . esecutivi
mr president , while supporting these principles , the commission cannot accept these amendments , which do not correspond to provisions concerning relations between the institutions established in the comitology decision , or which interfere with the executive powers of the commission . esecutivi
parliament is the legislator and in my view it should not try to wield any executive power . esecutivo
furthermore , in the case of co-financing , it was not a question of establishing fixed percentages , but of establishing minimums that would then allow the executive authority to apply percentages in accordance with the real needs or possibilities of each association . esecutiva
in the work programme for this year , there is also a green paper on the approximation , execution and recognition of criminal sanctions in the european union . esecuzione
in view of enlargement , the communication argues in favour of an administrative board of reduced size with a composition reflecting the balance between the executive functions at community level and the expertise of member states ' executives . esecutive
in accordance with the provisions of the framework regulation on executive agencies , the commission is at present examining the creation of a dedicated agency to assist in the implementation of community programmes in the field of education and culture , such as socrates , leonardo da vinci , youth etc . esecutive
mr president , please write to the chief executive and get diageo to stop this ! amministratore
we hope that the italian presidency of the european union , which has been so respectful of the union ’ s positions in failing to muster the courage to propose a moratorium on executions , will , at this juncture , seeing as this is the approach it has chosen to adopt , do the same where scientific research is concerned and not boycott the busquin proposal . esecuzioni
although the council has not yet set out its position with respect to the commission programme , it certainly agrees with – and is ready to subscribe to – the three main priorities identified by the community executive : enlargement , stability and sustainable growth . esecutivo
the dialogue between the commission , on the one hand , and the council and parliament , on the other , which was initiated on the basis of the commission communication on annual policy strategy , makes it possible for these two institutions to ensure that their point of view on the proposals put forward by the community executive for the following year is taken into account , before the final version of the legislative and work programme is drawn up . esecutivo
it seems to me that they do very little challenging of the executive in terms of questioning , financing and so on . esecutivo
we must not let them down by keeping them out of the executive . esecutivo
i also think there has to be some fundamental rethinking of the issue of the executive agency and its objectives . esecutiva
in fact , the most serious problem we are facing now is ensuring that the appropriations intended for these subsidies can be executed during next year . eseguire
it appears that the transitional measure in question consists of extending the time limit for approval until the end of january 2004 , which in truth does not solve the problem , because both commissioner schreyer and commissioner reding have said very explicitly that , if the legal bases have not been approved before the end of january , the appropriations will not be able to be executed . eseguibili
it is clear that extending the time limit until the end of january 2004 is not a transitional measure , since it does not allow execution if these basic instruments have not been approved . esecuzione
i would like to say once again that i have never been in favour of pre-allocation , but , like mrs rühle , i must recognise that , recently and above all thanks to the commission 's attitude , i am beginning to change my opinion , because , when i see the commission 's unwillingness to find a solution for the executability of the subsidies in 2004 , when i see the commission 's attitude to the executability of pilot projects and preparatory actions adopted by parliament at first reading , i begin to ask myself many questions ,  
it may be the case that by doing so the commission wanted to speed up the procedures in order to facilitate the execution for 2004 but i sincerely believe that it has exceeded its powers . esecuzione
article 49 ( 2 ) of the new financial regulation , approved last year , lays down that , except in relation to institutional prerogatives , pilot projects , preparatory actions and operational appropriations for each institution , all other operational expenses will require a basic instrument for their execution . esecuzione
we are not in favour of having one commissioner per member state , but whatever happens , we have to remember that we are thinking in terms of transition periods , when actually the commission needs to be a responsible executive body for europe . esecutivo
legislative power is essentially being turned into executive power . esecutivo
the prosecutor has said : ' even though this new evidence may establish mr richey 's innocence , the ohio and united states constitution nonetheless allows him to be executed because the prosecution did not know that the scientific testimony offered at the trial was false and unreliable . ' giustiziato
so they know his conviction is unsafe , but he could still be executed . giustiziato
i am also convinced , however , that the fact that a significant proportion of the important community resources which are budgeted for are not used – the so-called rals – is due to the fact that the regional and local autonomous governments , which execute the majority of projects , have not so far been able to participate in the early phase , either in the drawing up of policies , or in the adoption of strategies , or in the identification of legal obligations prior to drawing up of the respective european programmes . esecutori
i am convinced that , in order to move forward , the union must cease to be dominated by state governments , that is , by executives , and become a genuine federal union , in which it is the citizens and their representatives , we members of the european parliament , who determine the constitution and other community laws . esecutivi
we know that there are violations of fundamental freedoms , that torture and arbitrary imprisonments take place , that the chinese authorities do not respect minorities and that many executions occur – more than in any other country in the world . esecuzioni
nevertheless , i am critical of china 's inhumane treatment of north korean refugees , who are sent back to face torture or even execution . rispedisce
i can tell mr swoboda that amnesty international is talking in terms of 1 500 executions carried out every year , with hundreds of thousands of people in jail , maltreated , tortured , and waiting in vain for a fair trial . esecuzioni
it is regrettable that the european parliament should have approved this path so far , accepting in the current process a growth in payment appropriations of only 2.3 % , which will penalise execution , a reduction in payment appropriations for the structural funds , a financial package for the codecision programmes that falls short of what is needed , and the financing of iraqi reconstruction to the detriment of cooperation and development in other regions of the world . esecuzione
it is time that the legislature itself interpreted the treaties instead of letting the commission exercise all sorts of power – legislative , executive and judicial powers as well as powers of self-assessment . esecutivo
the use of such agencies is justified only in highly specialised scientific or technical areas , with a precise demarcation of the tasks to be performed and within a framework of responsibility and autonomy which does not call into question the unity and integrity of the executive function or lessen the commission ’ s political accountability to parliament and the council . esecutiva
as regards the limited scope of the communication , parliament ’ s main concerns will always be to ensure the unity and integrity of the executive function at european level and the corresponding political responsibility of the commission . esecutiva
our communication , the one that you are debating today , therefore seeks primarily to launch a process of reflection with you , and moreover with the council , within a common framework , on the creation , operation and supervision of any future regulatory agencies , which we define as being actively involved in exercising the executive function at community level . esecutiva
as your rapporteur has just mentioned , the work that they do is indeed at the very heart of the executive function . esecutiva
to avoid any misunderstandings – and i will be coming back to this when i respond to the debate , with reference in particular to the point raised by the rapporteur – this initiative does not cover the ‘ executive ’ agencies that help to manage community programmes . esecutive
it is a balance between , on the one hand , strengthening the integrity and unity of the executive function – and we know that this is incumbent primarily on the commission – and , on the other hand , providing the autonomy that these agencies must be able to enjoy if they are to plan their work for the longer term . esecutiva
specifically , when we get into the strictly regulatory field , we are talking about a legislative power and not an executive power . esecutivo
the advantage of having such an instrument on the regulatory agencies is that it would exist in parallel to the framework regulation on the status of the executive agencies , which was adopted by the council in december 2002 . esecutive
many of you have said that whether it be from a legal , administrative or financial point of view , these agencies , which are , as it were , commission outposts , need to be subject to greater supervision the further they are from the seat of the executive authority . esecutiva
i congratulate the rapporteur on her work , which , among other things , emphasises the importance of reviewing the legality of the european ‘ executive ’ agencies , those with certain responsibilities for managing community programmes . esecutive
so , i would merely like to plead with those tabling this resolution to accept a type of oral amendment , inserting figures on death penalties and those executed , welcoming the fact that those condemned have not been executed . giustiziati
the fact that their administrative and executive arm is called the african commission is a pleasing comment on what we represent in europe , and certainly we are in the business of launching assistance for initiatives at continental level to demonstrate this close working relationship . esecutivo
you will be aware that we are only at a preliminary stage in these negotiations , but i also have to tell you that we have sent a very strong signal to our partners by the publication , for the first time by the commission , and therefore by the entire european executive , of a communication to the council and parliament on the european union ’ s relations with unesco . esecutivo
mr president of the commission , for the coming term to be successful a major political problem needs to be settled : what will the role of the community ’ s executive power be ? esecutivo
we should like you to give us some clarification , a clear answer to the vital question that parliament is asking you : do you intend to continue as head of the executive , or have you decided to stand in the forthcoming european elections ? esecutivo
and , incidentally , it is reasonable , in a democratic system , that the head of the executive power be asked to respond to a parliamentary majority . esecutivo
executive , legislative and legal powers also fall within the competences of the minister for competition . esecutivo
the parliament , which has to check that the budget has been properly executed , must be certain of the progress made , of the measures taken , of any sanctions imposed , and not be content with promises or statements of intent . eseguito
– mr president , it is part of the european parliament ’ s legislative activities in the community to undertake the difficult and sensitive role of controller of the executive authority in all of its forms . esecutivo
at the heart of this is the destabilising attempt to make the courts subservient to the executive , something we witness the italian government doing on a daily basis by means unworthy of a civil state . esecutivo
will you state that your executive texts are of a provisional nature while we await the adoption of the corresponding legal act ? esecutivi
the present moratorium on stoning , a particularly barbaric form of execution , must be scrupulously observed and even enshrined in a legal instrument . esecuzione
only two weeks ago the russian courts handed down a lenient sentence to one of its executives convicted of tax evasion : hardly the signs of judicial bias . dirigenti
at present , the prosecuting authorities have no independence from the executive . esecutivo
the agency ’ s operation will be managed by an executive director appointed by the management board at the proposal of the commission . esecutivo
your proposal is that the management board should consist of twelve members appointed by the council and two representatives of the commission , and that they would choose the executive director . esecutivo
why does the management board not have an equal number of members appointed by the commission and the council respectively , and why is the position of executive director not to be publicly advertised in the same way as the posts of other heads of important eu authorities ? esecutivo
by way of compromise , an additional executive board is to be set up , with just five members . esecutivo
above all , i would like to draw the attention of the members of the committee on budgets to the fact that this agency , in addition to the 27 staff working there , is also to be controlled by 27 members of the management board and also by an executive board consisting of five members . esecutivo
it proposes that the grants should subsequently be staggered in line with the aims ( technical support , training , exchanges of specialised staff and seminars and conferences ) and that reporting by olaf , on the execution and aims of the current programme , is to be brought forward . esecuzione
by way of example , it violates article 202 of the ec treaty , which states that executive powers can be given to the commission but not to the european parliament . esecuzione
i can tell you that there is a tremendous capacity for absorption in this respect because even today our budget execution is virtually 100 % . esecuzione
can you concede , commissioner , as one who has been a doughty fighter in this regard that , if the new constitution were to come into force , the member states would in future find themselves subject to the charter of fundamental rights of the european union when executing european arrest warrants , and that this would be binding law because in implementing european arrest warrants they would be implementing european law ? esecuzione
provided that the council accepts our proposal , it will then be possible to appoint the board of management and the executive director , and then this enterprise will be , in a sense , up and running . esecutivo
the functioning of parliament , the relationship with the executive and the judicial system and the overall functioning of the rule of law : all are questioned . esecutivo
i believe it is a very well executed and exhaustive report on the problems existing in that country . presentazione
if we want the priority projects to be implemented between now and the end of 2006 , we propose the establishment of a funding bonus for works certificates genuinely executed within this period of time . eseguiti
this took the form of the summary trial and lengthy prison sentences imposed on a large number of dissidents for exercising their right to freedom of speech and participation in public affairs , as well as the summary trial and the rapid execution of three hijackers of a ferry boat , in breach of international minimum standards for the implementation of the death penalty . esecuzione
mr president-in-office of the council , i will naturally not be supporting the executions carried out by the cuban government . esecuzioni
mr president , i wish to condemn the arrest , by the armed forces of colombia , of rubiel vargas , a member of the executive committee of the columbian communist youth and correspondent of the independent news agency ancol . esecutivo
i am pleased that many of the elements of the european parliament 's first reading amendments are included in the best execution provisions , and particularly a proportionate and pragmatic approach on best execution which recognises that while it is an objective standard , it is not an absolute standard . esecuzione
in agreement with her , i should like to say that the compromise acknowledges that investors must be provided with better information on executive remuneration . dirigenti
there must therefore be an end to this policy of continuing to build the wall within the occupied territories , of ordering extra-judicial executions and , furthermore , there must be a withdrawal from gaza , to which the current israeli government has clearly committed itself . esecuzioni
i would like to say on behalf of my group that the repeated violations of human rights , non-compliance with the latest united nations resolutions on the part of the israeli government and , above all , ariel sharon ’ s insistence on renewing executions outside the framework of international law , will leave us with no other option than to reiterate the positions adopted by this house in its resolution of 10 april 2002 and to call on the commission and the council to strictly apply the second article of our association agreement . esecuzioni
mr president , it is of course only right that the european council should condemn israel ’ s unlawful execution of the hamas leader , sheik yassin . esecuzione
secondly , everyone in this parliament condemns the illegal executions that israel is carrying out . esecuzioni
while legally debatable , the execution of sheikh yassin must not cause us to forget who he was : the instigator of the worst suicide attacks and the head of a movement whose charter still calls for the destruction of israel and , beyond that – let us not forget – the physical elimination of jews throughout the world . esecuzione
prime minister sharon violates human rights , ignores un resolutions by building a wall in the occupied territories , by building new settlements and by the extrajudicial executions of palestinians . esecuzioni
sharon has made it clear that he intends to order executions of more palestinian leaders . ordinare
according to the council 's declaration , the european union is consistently opposed to extrajudicial executions . esecuzioni
we were due to have heard from the chief executive of efsa this week . aesa
recently , the belgian government appointed eight well-known fundamentalists to the muslim executive , of which they will make up half . esecutivo
what is at issue is that , if we delegate legislation to expert committees and the executive , we should at all times retain the right of review , so that , in the context of institutional balance , we are treated in exactly the same way as the council . esecutivo
in a general way , the commission , in its white paper on governance , declared that its executive responsibilities must be more clearly established and that the council and parliament should have an equal share in the control of the manner in which the commission fulfils its executive task . esecutive
it will enable a european evidence warrant to be issued to obtain objects , documents and data for use in proceedings in criminal matters , provided that these items are already available in the executing member state . esecuzione
the european evidence warrant is , in other words , a judicial order issued in one member state , for the specific purpose of obtaining documents and data for use in criminal proceedings , which may be executed within other member states , without its having to be converted into a judicial order in the member state concerned . eseguito
this leads me to mention the case of leyla zana , which is an example of how the spirit of reform has not yet been internalised by all the country ’ s executive and legislative institutions . esecutivo
examples of this are the recent replacement of one spaniard by another on the executive committee of the ecb or the imposition of a frenchman as the ‘ european ’ candidate for the presidency of the imf . esecutivo
in addition , i can assure you that the commission is also in a position to accept some of the remaining concerns and considerations expressed by certain members of the committee on employment and social affairs at second reading , within the framework of the proposal for a new executive regulation which the commission will submit by the end of this year . attuativo
this involved the immediate execution of hundreds of thousands of citizens , while others died later , under horrendous circumstances , during hunger marches to syria . perirono
the execution of the great projects of the trans-european transport network also suffers from a lack of funds . realizzazione
firstly , the rotation of nationals from the member states on the executive board of the european central bank ( ecb ) has not been guaranteed . esecutivo
i would also like to thank bent adamsen and marianella martínez , who have helped me , and the executive commission and the court of auditors for their cooperation . marianella
in a memorandum dated 17 march , the executive board of informed the workers in its factory in amadora , portugal , about the restructuring of the group , in particular involving the termination of 5 680 positions in various european countries by the end of 2005 . amadora
please do not tell us that this has something to do with respect for human rights because we know that , if there is anyone who cannot talk about respect for human rights , it is the americans themselves who , apart from what they are doing throughout the entire world , iraq being a typical example , are also trampling over human rights in their own country with daily executions and keeping the five patriots whose only crime was to uncover terrorist action against cuba and its leaders organised by the usa in unacceptable conditions . esecuzioni
.we voted in favour of this report , thereby endorsing the wishes of the unions , although it even denies the right to vote to union representatives who sit on executive boards , something which should be a minimum requirement . partecipano
as a former trade unionisti would like to sayhow happy we are that the social charter has been incorporated into the draft european constitution , given that this was something that i fought for when i was a member of the european trade union confederation executive . esecutivo
like any executive , the commission aims to provide continuity in the management of europe 's business . esecutivi
today , and most importantly , i would also urge your new executive – which is , of course , still in its infancy in terms of its composition – towards a completely democratic spirit , and towards ensuring that the citizens ’ voices in our european community are listened to and respected . commissione
the issue that most concerns them today , in the field of food safety and gmos , must determine the european executive ’ s position and the precautions it takes . esecutivo
parliament has learnt from the experience of 1999 the lessons of executive accountability . esecutiva
the maturing role of this house and its committee on budgetary control shows how we have absorbed the lessons of the previous crisis , in particular that parliamentary accountability is an indispensable requirement of executive action of the union and not simply an add-on extra . esecutivo
in summary , our parliament has been an efficient lawmaker , a prudent budget-maker , the european union 's platform for executive accountability and an effective tribune for the peoples of europe . esecutiva
the right to elect the executive and hold them responsible is to disappear in favour of a top-down bureaucracy without democratic control , administrative law and ministerial responsibility . esecutivo
this result not only respects the vote of 13 june but at the same time acknowledges the portuguese prime minister ’ s balance – a president of the commission who represents renewal and a new interpretation of how to run the executive , increasingly detached from the petty affairs of individual countries and leaning increasingly towards creating a europe that is allied to the united states but is also politically strong and a player on the international stage . esecutivo
i would like to ask you , mr barroso , whether you believe that , with the new constitutional treaty , the commission is really going to become a genuine executive government for the union ; whether you believe that , when the citizens vote in the elections to the european parliament , they are truly going to feel that their vote is decisive and that with it they are going to be electing a president who will govern the union over the coming years . esecutivo
you have won our backing with your vision for an ambitious and independent european executive . esecutivo
the regime is waiting until they are 18 to carry out public executions . sentenze
it has executed 120 000 people since it came to power . giustiziate
the execution of children , and indeed the death penalty , is something that we will not tolerate . NULL
belarus is the only country in europe that executes its prisoners . giustizia
ladies and gentlemen , there is such a thing as an official belarussian ideology , and there are high commissioners in each of the institutions and high-ranking executives responsible for ideology . funzionari
how did the hostage-takers plan and execute this horrific act ? eseguito
as far as iraq is concerned , we have seen unbounded violence over the past months , with pre-emptive strikes on the part of the allies ; guantanamo ; abu ghraib with all the dreadful attempts to justify torture ; fearful terrorist attacks ; the execution of innocent hostages ; and hostages held right up to the present day . esecuzioni
on friday we received the very tragic news that he had been executed . esecuzione
that is why i shall content myself with identifying a few salient features that , in our view , illustrate broad trends that have characterised , and still characterise , the action of the eu ’ s executive and the eu in general . esecutivo
i wonder , on the basis of your five years ' experience at the head of the executive , what your top tip would be for your successor as regards the conduct of relations with this parliament ? esecutivo
i feel that by putting itself forward as something of an executive body , in view of the fact that its relationship with the general public involves interacting with parliament , this ecb report represents a major step forward . esecutivo
through the annual report for 2003 and the monetary dialogue involving you and the members of your executive board , the ecb has fully discharged its duty of accountability to the european parliament . direttivo
on page 101 of your annual report , you indicate that the executive council will revisit this issue in the autumn of 2004 . direttivo
but if you do not have the confidence of this house tomorrow , it will not herald an institutional crisis , it will be a normal process , a normal right exercised by a freely elected parliament in respect of an executive . esecutivo
and we want your commission to be strong because the european union needs an independent executive of the highest calibre . esecutivo
as the independence of the ecb ’ s executive board must be preserved , i think it would be wrong to publish the results of roll-call votes . direttivo
in any event – apart from the traditional horizontal amendments relating to performance facilities and improvements in execution – our fundamental intention in this heading is to hold very serious discussions with the council on the funding of the agencies . esecuzione
and this is not a new situation : the situation has existed since 1996 when president lukashenko abrogated the elected parliament , and changed the constitution to invest all the executive powers in the president , i.e. his own person . esecutivi
we must defend it in memory of the thousands of people tortured and murdered , remembering in particular what happened last year with the summary execution of several innocent people . esecuzione
in this context , i should call on these heads of state , whose eyes have clearly been opened wide by the enormous market that china represents , to go and take a closer look at what is happening in stadiums , at what is happening in iveco trucks and at what is happening in a number of places where summary executions are carried out . esecuzioni
but the dialogue that we advocate , that we believe in and which we put into practice , mr president , has not been wrecked by any government of the european union , nor by osvaldo payá , nor by elisardo sánchez , nor by marta beatriz roque , but by the policy of executions , the arrest of independent journalists - such as raúl rivero , who is currently rotting in cuban prisons , and others - and the policy of arresting peaceful dissidents and human rights campaigners . esecuzioni
this is not a party-political issue ; it is a fundamental political and human issue for the real people over in cuba , where the pain is felt , who are watching us and listening to us : bárbaro sevilla garcía , 22 years old , executed ; lorenzo copello castillo , 30 years old , executed ; jorge luis martínez izak , 40 years old , executed ; víctor rolando arroyo carmona , sentenced to 26 years in prison ; miguel galbán gutiérrez , sentenced to 26 years in prison ; jorge vero castañeda , sentenced to 20 years giustiziato
this was done last year in protest , after mr castro imprisoned 75 dissidents and human rights activists and executed three ferry highjackers fleeing the island . giustiziare
in order to achieve that aim , it is essential that all political prisoners and prisoners of conscience in castro ’ s jails be released immediately , that the torture and execution of dissidents cease immediately , that there be free dialogue amongst all the parties and the recognition by the regime that it is they who are isolated rather than the brave people of cuba who are calling for freedom . esecuzione
europe must tell israel that what is required is a return to political dialogue and a respite from hostilities – no suicide bombs , on the one side , no collective punishment or selective executions , on the other . esecuzioni
in an executive , and i can tell you this from the painful experience of the italian government , conflicts of interest give rise to the worst sort of politics . esecutivo
we are willing to accept great demands , but it sometimes makes me suspicious to see members of the commission being subjected to much more stringent demands than national executives . esecutivi
this struggle against governments , and also against executives with which one does not agree , is what parliaments are elected for ; it is the reason why they exist , and it is in order to engage in this struggle that delegates are elected to parliaments . esecutivi
you are quite entitled to do that , but we are obliged to check up on what the executive does . esecutivo
the interplay between the executive and parliament at european level lies in the fact that you have the monopoly of initiative , while it is our duty to ensure that the laws made are just and socially balanced , and that is precisely what we will be doing over the five years that lie ahead of us . NULL
it is important that we reflect on what has taken place , and remember that parliament has insisted on its democratic and executive control over the commission . esecutivo
i see a reforming spirit in mr durão barroso and he has the leadership qualities that the eu ’ s executive body badly needs at this time . esecutivo
parliament has benefited because we have demonstrated that we can control the executive and that we have an influence on the formation of the executive . esecutivo
i am therefore delighted that this house has responded to the urgent need for joint measures , and made known its opposition to the imminent execution of the buddhist lama tenzin delek rinpoche , who was not given a fair trial , and whose execution is scheduled for early december , without there being any proof of his guilt . esecuzione
we therefore call on china , as a matter of urgency , to abandon its plans to carry out this execution , and to guarantee a fair trial in accordance with international legal standards . esecuzione
the paradoxical silence that followed the death sentence on tenzin delek , who is such a popular figure , is attributed by human rights watch to a campaign of intimidation and terror executed by the chinese authorities . condotta
mr president , nearly two years ago , this house did everything in its power to prevent the execution of two tibetans , tenzin delek rinpoche and lobsang dhondup . esecuzione
despite the resolution we adopted unanimously , despite appeals from all over the world and demonstrations held in front of national parliaments , despite numerous vigils held by volunteers and despite strong protests voiced by diplomats , lobsang dhondup was executed in january 2003 . giustiziato
europe should , especially within the framework of the forthcoming bilateral summit , forcefully demand that the death sentence imposed on tenzin be lifted and , in more general terms , call for a moratorium on executions . esecuzioni
the execution of tenzin delek rinpoche would send a very negative signal , clearly damaging the credit recently gained by the chinese government through recent gestures such as the visit of special envoys of the dalai lama to tibet , which were warmly welcomed by the international community . esecuzione
recently , prisoners have been allegedly executed at the adi abeto military prison and the government of sudan – itself a government not known for respect for human rights – now accuses eritrea of aiding the darfur rebels and their groupings . giustiziati
given the reality of budgetary execution , the need for the amendment before us is clear and therefore justified . esecuzione
the scottish executive , on legal advice and after consulting the previous european commission , decided that under eu competition law these routes would have to be put out to private tender and private operators should be given the opportunity to take the contracts away from the state-owned caledonian macbrayne company . NULL
last week , in a highly unusual move – in fact it is only the second time since the scottish parliament was created that this has happened – the scottish parliament defeated the executive on this very issue and said that the executive and the commission should rethink their position on these lifeline services . esecutivo
mr president , given that the islands are now in a state of limbo – the parliament has stopped the executive from acting and the executive believes it has a duty to act under eu law – i would ask that you request the transport and competition commissioners to examine this matter urgently and determine whether these island routes really have to be put out to tender under eu competition law . esecutivo
there is still a great deal to do , such as cutting back the power of the army , which must be brought under the control of the executive and legislative powers , amending electoral law and allowing the kurdish language to be spoken in official proceedings . esecutivo
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the president of the commission has already given this parliament proof of his determination and enthusiasm by taking on the leadership of the european union ’ s executive body on a ticket of reforming practices , policies and procedures . esecutivo
since then your personal vision has expanded and been restructured ; as you are also the head of the government of europe , your goals will be jointly determined and we will also comment on these goals and their execution from a different perspective . attuazione
it has adopted five of the six pieces of legislation signalled by the commission in its report ; the sixth law , on the execution of sentences , is pending before the turkish parliament . esecuzione
i can only repeat what many of my fellow members have said : an independent judiciary – which means a judiciary which is independent of the executive and individual political forces – is in fact a prerequisite for romania 's cooperation within the eu . esecutivo
in order to complete the negotiations , it simply needs to fulfil the prescribed conditions and criteria , so it is quite beyond me why the commission should , with a straight face , claim that romania meets the copenhagen political criteria , while at the same time it reports extensively on the influence the executive power exerts over the outcome of court cases and confirms that corruption is still rife and discrimination – including that against the roma – is still very much on the agenda . esecutivo
i have , however , in the words of mrs ferrero-waldner , seized upon the commission ’ s willingness to collaborate and also to hold a serious and in-depth dialogue not only on the general guidelines but also on project execution . realizzazione
it is consistent , because we previously tabled a rejection of the budget for 2000 at the beginning of the current financial framework , and five years later our criticisms have been confirmed : insufficient funds for economic and social cohesion ; underfunding and a lack of suitable programmes in the employment , social , environmental and cooperation fields ; problems of execution and lack of transparency ; and especially a budget subordinated to the dictates of the stability and growth pact and to making ‘ savings ’ , so as to finance enlargements as well as other priorities , esecuzione
one thing the treaty of amsterdam did was to transfer legislative powers in this area from the member states to the ec , thus taking it out of the hands of national parliaments ; another was to hand it over to the council exclusively , and hence to the assembled national executives , with parliament ’ s involvement limited to the stating of positions . governi
in an area such as this , with such considerable implications for fundamental rights , it is untenable that the executive should make law in this way . esecutivo
this preserves the supremacy of the commission , the executive , which has more rights than we do , and it also preserves the unjust disparities between us as legitimate representatives of the european people . esecutivo
is this because the new executive commission hopes to reemploy those workers who were unfairly dismissed by the previous executive ? reimpiegare
the total savings also took into account the total cost of the language-training programme , each teacher being replaced at retirement age by a contractor employee , and the total cost of the same language-training programme executed exclusively by contractors as from september 2004 . aggiudicatari
– mr president , 26 january will be the second anniversary of the execution of the monk lobsang dhondup . esecuzione
this execution called forth both protests from around the world and a resolution from this house , which beijing ignored . la
in january 2003 , we made efforts to prevent the execution of his spiritual leader , lama tenzin deleg rinpoche , and did likewise in november 2004 , when the two-year stay of execution expired . tenzing
we in this parliament , right across the political spectrum , have every reason to be indignant about the death penalty and certainly about its use as a political instrument , and we hope to prevent the execution in two weeks time of a respected and influential buddhist lama . esecuzione
quite apart from that , it is unacceptable that death sentences should still be being carried out , particularly on juveniles and the mentally handicapped , and there is still no confirmation that execution by stoning is now a thing of the past and will not be revived . lapidazione
changes have also been made to its penal code , and execution by stoning prohibited , although this ban has been inadequately implemented . lapidazione
that means that minors aged 14 and over can spend up to four years in what are called ‘ education camps ’ , waiting to be executed , instead of being able to have a proper education and a future to look forward to . rieducazione
i also want to make it clear to our iranian friends that dialogue and negotiation mean critical dialogue ; iran must listen when we criticise some of the things that go on there and that we cannot accept and never will , such as the maltreatment and oppression of women , the stonings and the executions . esecuzioni
it is from that european list that the regime of fundamentalist religious fanatics derives the right to execute political prisoners who can be linked with it . giustiziare
we have also seen the spectacular actions taken by the palestinian security forces against the terrorists and those forces ’ deployment throughout the gaza strip , the israeli moratorium on targeted executions , the re-establishment of diplomatic relations and , today , the announcement by ariel sharon of a meeting in two weeks ’ time with mahmoud abbas . omicidi
what , for example , would we imagine that men between the ages of 40 and 60 , mainly from the eu or north america , and half of whom are business executives , think are the greatest challenges posed by globalisation ? dirigenti
even where states have issued a standing invitation , special rapporteurs are frequently faced with obstruction and inconvenience in the execution of their mandates . esecuzione
i am , however , a little cynical when i see references to the un human rights commission , whose current membership includes saudi arabia , which publicly beheads people for drug and alcohol offences ; cuba , which executed three people last year for attempting to flee the country in a hijacked ferry and locks up political dissidents , and zimbabwe , which is a dictatorship in which press freedom is suppressed and people are subject to arbitrary arrest and torture . giustiziato
i welcome the bulk of this resolution , in particular the defence of the state 's duty to protect its citizens against terrorism and the need to continue dialogue on human rights with countries such as iran , whose track record is appalling with the recent execution of a 16-year-old girl for sexual misdemeanours . esecuzione
china is the world leader when it comes to death sentences and executions , yet that does not appear to stop various eu member states from pushing aside major ethical principles and keeping quiet about human rights when the chinese leaders come to visit europe . esecuzioni
secondly , i am also very concerned that arrest warrants issued by the state security court are still being executed , even though turkey claims to fulfil the copenhagen political criterion . eseguiti
charles taylor , as a former warlord , ruled liberia brutally between 1997 and 2003 as a bloody dictator , sanctioning rape and summary executions at the end of that country 's 14 years of civil war , but he was forced into exile as part of a peace-making deal mediated by nigeria . esecuzioni
in fact , just the other day a member of the malian parliament with whom i am in contact told me that it is difficult for parliamentarians there to exercise legislative power , because the executive branch simply does not provide them with information . esecutivo
in return , we hope that the organisation of the commission ’ s services will operate perfectly and that this small change we are introducing can lead to better execution of the budget by the various directorates-general . esecuzione
to date , over a million tibetans have died as a result of hunger , torture and execution , and over three-quarters of their shrines , temples and monasteries have been systematically destroyed . santuari
in minsk the true supreme power , legislative power , executive power and even judicial power belongs to one person — a dictator , who has usurped unlimited , absolute and uncontrollable power and dominion over society and individuals . esecutivo
mr president , i wish to protest at the decision of mr berretta , the chief executive officer of eutelsat , to discontinue the contract for new tang dynasty television , a us-based global channel that is the only free uncensored chinese-language broadcaster to reach mainland china , much to the anger of the communist government there . amministratore
that this is now being extended to include training for higher-ranked , executive officers is a welcome addition . esecutivi
the april session of the unesco executive board will have to confirm the convening of a new intergovernmental negotiating session , provisionally scheduled for 25 may to 4 june 2005 . NULL
mr president , i find it astounding that people in this house who are elected to hold the executive to account should vote against the proposal . esecutivo
two members were expelled for refusing to follow this instruction ; four others resigned ; the other six remain suspended pending a report to our party ’ s national executive . dirigente
the concerns stem from the discovery of significant delays in the execution of constituent projects of the first definition of the ten-t – codecided in 1996 – and from the identification of insufficient funding as the principal cause of those delays . realizzazione
it is also condescending for this parliament to seek to impose restrictions on others , while excluding executives , meps and commissioners . dirigenti
the remaining amendments deal with matters not covered in the commission ’ s original proposal , for example article 17 ( 1 ) on the derogation for managing executives . dirigenti
the next item is the report ( a6-0094 / 2005 ) by mrs berès , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the appointment of an executive board member of the european central bank . esecutivo
mr president , as provided in the central bank statute and the treaties , we are required to replace the members of the central bank ’ s executive board by rotation to ensure that it has some continuity in the exercise of its responsibilities . esecutivo
today , we salute the way in which mr padóa-schioppa , the predecessor of the person whose candidature we are to examine , carried out his duties on the executive board . esecutivo
i believe that in his relations with our institution and more widely in his capacity as the executive board ’ s external representative , he showed great talent and a thorough grasp of these questions . esecutivo
whether the mindset of a central banker is enough to make a good executive board member , or whether it requires a broader vision and outlook is something we have debated a number of times . esecutivo
it seems to us that mr bini smaghi will be able to contribute this multidisciplinary approach to the executive board ’ s discussions and that this will make monetary policy more responsive to the needs of the real economy and to the public ’ s aspirations . esecutivo
mr president , i too would like to begin , on behalf of the commission , as mrs berès has done , by paying tribute to the work carried out by mr padóa-schioppa during his mandate as a member of the executive board and of the governing council of the european central bank . esecutivo
the european commission does not participate in the formal procedure for selecting and appointing members of the governing council of the european central bank , but it has been lucky enough to work with and know mr bini smaghi for a long time in his role as a highly qualified and very experienced economist in the banca d 'italia and in his work within the italian administration and also within the context of his very active participation in the economic and financial committee , within which , until he was appointed as a member of the executive board and of direttivo
however , i would like to take this opportunity to say that there are still four member states of the eurozone which have yet to participate in the executive board of the european central bank ( belgium , luxembourg , ireland and portugal ) . esecutivo
the fact that during the last two replacements of members of the executive board of the central bank , the institutions have appointed people of the same nationality as the person being replaced in no way prevents the commission from pointing out that the procedure must not take account of the nationality of the outgoing person , but rather of the professional competence of the new candidate , as has undoubtedly been the case here . esecutivo
. mr president , commissioner , mrs berès , we in this house are in agreement as regards the qualities of mr padóa-schioppa , who has left the ecb ’ s executive board . esecutivo
. – in my opinion , parliament should vote in favour of appointing mr smaghi to the executive board of the european central bank ( ecb ) , in line with the draft recommendation drawn up by mrs berès . esecutivo
the ecb ’ s executive board must not overlook this inevitability and the newly-appointed board member must ensure that it is on his political agenda . esecutivo
we wish mr bini smaghi every success , because success in his work as one of the members of the executive boards of the governing council of the european central bank will be a success for the single currency , it will be a success for the economic and monetary union and it will be a success for the progress , happiness and well-being of all the european citizens . esecutivo
i am thinking of certain points of family law , such as inheritance among people of different nationalities , or the execution of orders for payment where the creditor is from one country and the debtor from another : in civil law , too , we can find solutions that improve or resolve certain problems in people ’ s everyday lives . esecuzione
we also pointed out that the same applied to the previous law , which was not implemented or executed . attuata
i believe that the commission 's attitude leaves much to be desired and if i have understood the messages communicated recently by the commissioner properly , the community executive may include the reform as a section of a general proposal for the implementation of a single common organisation of the market for all agricultural products . esecutivo
the african union urgently needs to help stop the killing in darfur , where whole villages have been bombed and torched , where mass executions and rape are common and where an aids crisis is now looming . esecuzioni
for example , since last year , the executive directors in the world bank from the european union have been holding annual meetings with members of this parliament , with the commission and with representatives of non-governmental organisations . esecutivi
the union ’ s executive directors in the world bank have agreed to meet on a weekly basis to exchange opinions and a commission official from our delegation in washington participates regularly in these meetings . esecutivi
the commission is working to improve the coordination of the european executive directors in washington , but the ultimate objective must be unified representation of the union within the governing bodies of the world bank . esecutivi
there is a series of extremely controversial projects , such as the large dam on the nam theun river in laos or the mining project in guatemala , that stir up opposition right across the board , and yet our executive directors have given them the green light . theun
gross violations have been committed by the burmese army against ethnic minorities , including summary executions , torture and rape . esecuzioni
i can say that each successive agreement has seen this house ’ s role as a ‘ chamber of citizens ’ and hence as a body monitoring the european executive progressively reinforced . esecutivo
parliament shows itself to become far more capable and responsible for scrutinising and sustaining critically a strong executive authority . esecutiva
i fully subscribe to the view set out in the decision implementing the agreement , namely that the deepening of democracy in the european union calls for close relations between parliament and the commission and for more effective parliamentary scrutiny of the work of the executive , in other words , of the commission . esecutivo
the eu remains deeply critical of the widespread atrocities in chechnya , including the extrajudicial execution of aslan maskhadov . esecuzione
such a european level supervisor should execute the application of the european regulatory framework of the fsap developed in previous years . pasf
from this point of view , i wonder how wise it is now to expose the treaty to a series of public executions in the form of referenda . esecuzioni
i would ask you to produce a code of conduct for all of those who sit on national executives or european legislatures , so as to put an end to the culture of blame and double moral standards . governi
the proliferation of arbitrary imprisonment and the use of torture and execution must stop , once and for all . esecuzioni
therefore , the proposals drawn up by the commission are truly well-timed and necessary ; however , as a representative of the lithuanian state , which has always showed due diligence in implementing stringent fiscal policy and cost-saving measures at the expense of public services so as to execute all european union requirements , i can only regret that we have learnt now that we possibly may not have had to implement those requirements . soddisfare
questioning the executive – questioning the commission , rather than giving our little speeches – is one of the most fundamental things we do in this parliament . NULL
instead , patentable inventions must be solutions that combine an idea with its technical execution , for example car safety systems . esecuzione
i am particularly thinking in terms of the continued option of including private funds in the calculation of cofinancing , regional and local partners having the necessary influence in drafting and executing plans , and spending available resources within the periods prescribed for this purpose in an effective and efficient manner . esecuzione
with the occupation which we went through and which you went through in 1940 , we too had executions and abductions . esecuzioni
the world was shocked by the video images shown recently in the hague of young men being executed . esecuzione
not even the stay of execution until 2008 provided for by special safeguard clauses will solve the problem ; it will do no more than alleviate it . alleviarlo
i particularly welcome the principles of non-discrimination and reciprocity , the possibility of jointly reviewing the execution of undertakings made , and the fact that data transferred are limited by the ‘ push ’ system , which sets a positive example to other similar agreements such as the one with the usa . congiunta
i would therefore call upon the president of this parliament to appeal urgently to the government of the philippines and to the president of that country and call on them to ensure that she exercise her right to pardon francisco larrañaga so that this european and spanish citizen is not executed . esecuzione
mr president , mr clarke , mr frattini , you have just reminded us of the need to respond to the threat of terrorism whilst , of course , still protecting citizens ’ rights , and , whatever our conceptions of europe , i think that the time has come , in the next four months , to show that the executive and the legislature will move forward together , and will not go down any other route . esecutivo
this ‘ naming and shaming ’ list is impressive , and it is right to include my own country , which , as mrs klamt mentioned , has not implemented the arrest warrant ; i might add that it has also , for example , failed to transpose into law the convention on judicial cooperation in criminal matters of 29 may 2000 , the protocol to the convention on judicial cooperation in criminal matters of 16 october 2001 , the protocol of 27 november 2003 amending the europol convention , or to execute orders freezing assets or evidence dating back eseguito
the council is especially concerned about the number of executions of juvenile offenders in recent weeks . esecuzioni
amnesty international has also reported that 3 400 people were executed and over 6 000 sentenced to death in 2004 in china . giustiziate
above all , though , we revere the memory of the victims of these totalitarian regimes , remembering those who were oppressed , arrested , shot dead during protest strikes , condemned and executed after show trials . giustiziati
failure to agree would not only spoil the spirit of cooperation between the institutions , it would also be detrimental to the further development of an integrated financial services market , which relies heavily on the availability of executive powers within the context of framework legislation agreed by codecision . esecuzione
the problem was that they did not show any independence of mind in challenging culpable business partners and the executive board . direttivo
finally , i will be meeting shortly with executives from the major oil companies , as i consider it very important that oil companies behave in the most responsible manner given this situation . dirigenti
i wish the commissioner good luck and a great deal of strength , and i ask him to tell the executives of the major oil companies that parliament is expecting them to do something for our common society . dirigenti
we should begin by encouraging kofi annan to use the executive powers he already holds to effect change from within the organisation . esecutivi
along with the ever-increasing flow of reports of executions of juveniles under the age of 18 and of others being sentenced to death , there is also the fact that akbar gandji , having been arrested over five years ago , is still in jail and is in a critical condition . NULL
in iran , young people are being sentenced to death and executed merely for having sexual relationships or for being gay . giustiziati
i fully support the condemnation of iran in the resolution for its brutal human rights track record , including the execution of minors for sexual chastity offences . esecuzione
amnesty international and human rights watch have increasingly reported human rights violations in iran during the last few months , and there are increasing reports regarding executions and death sentences , especially against juvenile offenders and members of minorities , which violate internationally recognised criteria and standards . esecuzioni
i believe that the executive commission has so far acted responsibly and transparently within the framework of its competences . NULL
he has been held in inhumane conditions for many months awaiting execution , and his current poor health is a direct result of prolonged torture . esecuzione
in all those instances , the european union voiced its urgent demand for the abolition of the death penalty in china , expressed the hope that tenzin delek rinpoche would not be executed , and asked for information about the conditions of his arrest and his state of health . giustiziato
i call on the slovenian government to restrain from executing the deportation decree on the berisha family until such time as the slovenian court of justice has ruled on the complaint . esecuzione
this broad wish list , both in the communication and in the commission 's report , must be incorporated by the member states on a daily basis , both in their legislative and in their executive work . esecutivo
the commission which , in accordance with article 274 of the treaty , is responsible for executing the european budget ? esecuzione
although time does not permit me to mention them all , i would like to draw your attention to the amendments relating to the agency , which cover a multitude of issues relating to its mandate , the way its committees work together within it , the composition of the management committee and the appointment of its executive director . esecutivo
i am referring in particular to the agencies involved in executive functions , partly with respect to their functions disintegrating the operational responsibility of the european commission . esecutive
our concerns therefore relate to a number of things : to the cost , of course ; but more importantly , does not this proliferation of agencies undermine the executive role of the european commission ? esecutivo
there are politicians in some of our member states who would like to see the commission broken up into a series of specialised agencies to undermine the supranational executive that we have . esecutivo
the key issue is the efficiency of the executive board in bonn , and the european union is already providing funding , but more support is clearly necessary . esecutivo
the european union is still the main contributor of funds to the executive board . esecutivo
unfortunately , while the idea of convening the council was not a bad idea , it suffered most in the execution . esecuzione
restricting the scope of the resolution to president ahmadinejad 's call to ' wipe israel off the world map ' was a wasted opportunity to highlight iran 's apparent determination to make a nuclear bomb and its widespread human rights abuses , including the regular execution of consenting homosexuals and others who commit acts branded by the regime as ' crimes of sexual chastity ' . comminata
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this initiative is intended to prevent , in time , the execution in the philippines of francisco larrañaga , a young european of spanish nationality . esecuzione
when all possibilities for appeal run out , the only way to prevent the execution and to resolve the extremely serious situation of paco larrañaga according to philippine law is a pardon by president gloria macapagal-arroyo . esecuzione
the current government aims to carry out more and more death sentences , even on minors who , by law , cannot be sentenced to death or executed . esecuzione
of these , 165 death sentences have been affirmed by the supreme court and can be stopped only by a presidential stay of execution . indulto
nevertheless , in 2004 , at least 82 people were executed and 115 sentenced to death , and the real numbers are probably higher , because vietnam treats numerical data on the death penalty as a state secret . giustiziate
in 2005 , 24 actual executions have been reported so far , while 78 people have been sentenced to death . esecuzioni
i would call on the commission and the council to plead with the vietnamese authorities for the total abolition of the death penalty , but in any event , in anticipation of this , the european union must plead for the ban on executions and reducing the number of offences that lead to the death penalty . esecuzioni
in laos , although no executions have been reported over the past 11 years , the death penalty is still in force and in 2005 , at least seven people , including one woman , have been sentenced to death . NULL
so much for the separation of powers of the executive , legislative and judiciary that has protected english freedoms for centuries ! esecutivo
regrettably , however , a few days beforehand , in the united states , the execution took place of the 1 000th person since the death sentence was restored in 1976 . esecuzione
in 76 countries , however , the death sentence remains , and , in 24 countries , although it is effectively abolished , since there have been no executions for 10 years , it remains on the statute books . eseguono
although the number of countries applying the death penalty has fallen , the number of executions has risen dramatically . esecuzioni
according to amnesty international , in 2004 , 7 400 people were sentenced to death and in 25 countries almost 3 800 people were executed . giustiziate
we should therefore not just focus on the figure of 1 000 in the united states , and we should retain a global view of what is happening in the world as a whole : 3 800 people executed during 2004 . giustiziate
nevertheless , 95 % of these executions , almost all of them , took place in china , in iran , in vietnam and in the united states . esecuzioni
the united states is therefore the only democratic country that still applies the death penalty in a significant manner ; 3 400 people are awaiting execution in its prisons . morte
one significant fact is that 120 people sentenced to death have been released before execution because their innocence has been proven . esecuzione
it has been abolished in twelve states ; in 20 others , executions no longer take place . esecuzioni
this is the second execution which has taken place within a few months , following the unfortunate incident involving the brazilian national in london . esecuzione
as in other years , as we members of this parliament well know , we are facing the same budgetary problems relating to execution and political representativeness . esecuzione
but it can be deduced from the execution figure every year that something is still failing in the process of budgetary allocation of the appropriations that we vote for and in their final application , both in the member states and in community programmes . NULL
we also agreed a joint statement with the other two institutions , in which the council committed itself to presenting an amending budget which would include the payment appropriations necessary to pay structural funds , in the event that the execution was as expected . esecuzione
during november , the commission altered its figures on the basis of the news about budgetary execution reaching it from the member states and , in the end , what were funding requirements have been turned into surpluses . esecuzione
commissioner , representatives of the council , when this parliament votes for budgetary appropriations , it does so with the hope and desire that they are correctly executed by everybody . eseguiti
i believe that this is the lesson that we must learn this year , and let us hope that the execution is better during 2006 . esecuzione
i would like also to thank parliament , and in particular , mr pittella , for taking into account so many aspects of the commission ’ s letter of executability of the amendments from the first reading .  
however , we will keep a close eye on the commission and the execution of this programme . attuazione
in all 18 reports , the rapporteurs have proposed that the european parliament be given a role in appointing the various agencies ’ executive directors and in extending their terms of office . esecutivi
there is only limited opportunity – or justification – to pass the burden of cost on to the stakeholders – members of the general assembly and executive committees – especially as individual stakeholders – such as ngos – seek to be involved in several racs simultaneously , which incurs significant resource costs . esecutivi
we are calling for the abolition of the system whereby the chief executive is chosen by a committee made up of about 800 hong kong residents selected by beijing . esecutivo
before i become too controversial for my honourable british colleagues , let me finish by saying that in this resolution we call for the setting of a timetable for the election of hong kong ’ s chief executive by universal suffrage . esecutivo
the european union needs – by which i mean that the member states need – to take action , action in the form of information campaigns aimed in particular at the victims , but also in the existing structures , such as the establishments where police officers , social workers and the judiciary are trained and in similar places , along with more cooperation with ngos and the executive . esecutivi
the executive and supervisory role of the cdm executive board was made more transparent and stronger . esecutiva
the secretariat will hire more staff , in order to improve the services which it provides to the executive board and its committees . direttivo
for these executives , the internal market – which is , in fact , undoubtedly a success – is not an opportunity , it is an illusion . dirigenti
in business , women are largely absent from executive positions . precluse
parliament has been constantly supportive of this work and is well aware of its own inability to actively engage in foreign policy , that being a task for the executive . esecutivo
if one turns from that to consider mr brok ’ s description , in his report on the current state of european foreign policy in the hands of the executive institutions , of the instruments available to the institutions themselves and to us in this house , one finds that an equally sobering account . esecutive
another question is , how many countries have actually implemented and executed the latest directive 113 / 2004 ? attuato
i trust that in the future the commission will inspect the implementation and execution of the acquis more seriously . applicazione
‘ points out that , in its relations with third countries and in the context of promoting democratic principles and human rights through the “ democracy clause ” , the european union is called upon to pay special attention to implementing policies for gender equality and women ’ s rights , whilst satisfying itself that the third-country authorities uphold the fundamental rights not to be arbitrarily arrested , tortured or executed and that their citizens have access to an impartial court of law as a priority ; ’ esecuzioni
as an elected member of the european parliament ( and not elected by some party power controlled by the persons of the new order ) , i am absolutely opposed to the philosophies reworked in the directive in question , which executes in cold blood decades of workers ' rights . decapita
ever since the monterrey conference in 2002 and the united nations summit in september 2005 , the international community has recognised the need to rise to the challenge of development by executing a common policy integrating the millennium goals . integri
around the table there were also four cabinet ministers , twelve chief executives of energy producers and energy users , three ngos , the chairman of the european trade union congress and three regulators . esponenti
– mr president , the extermination , the disgusting murder of the former president of yugoslavia , slobodan milosevic , in the detention centre at the international criminal tribunal in the hague , which was planned and executed by the imperialists of the usa and the european union responsible for the war in and the break-up of yugoslavia , is yet another link in the long chain of crimes against the peoples who stood up against imperialist barbarity . attuato
the people who planned and executed the abduction , imprisonment and trial of slobodan milosevic at the hague , having refused to take measures to protect his life despite his serious health problems , brought about his extermination . seguito
as the rapporteur also said , it is not acceptable that certain business executives should use blackmail . ricorrano
it is also not a matter of dispute that , when the european arrest warrant is executed , the state executing it must safeguard human rights and , in particular , adhere to procedural safeguards . esecuzione
as of january 2006 , we have established a new executive agency that deals with all individual cases and individual projects and works closely with national agencies . esecutiva
i hope that , like last time , the presidency-in-office of the council will be receptive to our proposals and not be a wary presidency which wants to maintain the status quo , ignoring the fact that circumstances have changed and that the operating rules must be improved in order to improve budgetary execution . esecuzione
what is most objectionable is that it recommends that the judge who is to execute the arrest warrant should ‘ not be required to systematically examine its compatibility with fundamental rights ’ . esegue
‘ any executive agency created or extended to administer this programme ’ esecutiva
that would make a link between the vote for a parliament and the resultant composition of the executive that people are indeed used to when they vote in national elections in european countries . esecutivo
in order to make the european energy network a reality , we must prevent unnecessary delays in the execution of projects , particularly those of european interest . esecuzione
it is always being said that competition law is at the heart of the european treaties , but – as has already been lamented – it does lay considerable burdens on the executive . esecutivo
i can only repeat what was said by those who spoke before me , because everybody talked about the same issue : parliamentary legislation is a fundamental principle of modern democracy , invested with legislative and executive powers . esecutivi
neither the commission , who prepares and executes the laws , nor the legislating council and parliament are passing on this responsibility to others , and particularly not to external bodies . elabora
accordingly , the rapporteur ’ s amendment 29 is of enormous importance to those hundreds of thousands of central and eastern europeans whose families or family members were executed , were deported or died in stalin ’ s gulags , for no reason other than that their survival was judged to be a threat to the illegal occupation of their countries , agreed by hitler and stalin under the notorious molotov-ribbentrop pact . giustiziati
of course , they violate international fair trial standards , are not independent of the executive and evidence is withheld from the defence . esecutivo
the many things that we do together are intended to help our counterparts gain influence in their own countries and gain the same self-confidence that we have gained over the years in our dealings with our governments and the executive . commissione
a final word about the directive on markets in financial instruments : mifid regulates an important part of asset management business , namely the acceptance and execution of orders in connection with undertakings of collective investments . esecuzione
best execution requirements for asset management are distinct from those of the brokers , and this should be recognised in the commission ’ s implementing measures currently under review by the european parliament and the european securities committee . esecuzione
i would like to know just what would happen in a national parliament if an executive were to tell it that it was knocking off for the evening at seven . esecutivo
all institutions have a role to play , but certainly as a member of this house , i should like to draw the council ’ s attention to its particular responsibility for the execution of a substantial policy agenda that is necessary to get the public to back the european project . esecuzione
i reiterate that , based on the constitutional power granted to me by our basic law , which entrusts the plo executive committee , its president and its negotiations affairs department with the responsibility of negotiation , we remain fully committed to returning immediately to the negotiating table to reach an agreement to end this long conflict . esecutivo
i will mention two main examples : corruption , which remains a serious problem that may threaten the internal market , and the substantial difficulties in implementing an effective system of financial management and control that enables the structural funds to be executed . esecuzione
the next item is the report ( a6-0136 / 2006 ) by mrs berès , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on appointment of an executive board member of the european central bank ( c6-0071 / 2006 – 2006 / 0801 ( cns ) ) . direttivo
we looked into the selection procedure of members of the executive board and we therefore question the council on two aspects of that procedure . esecutivo
i , for my part , understand that the main economies of the eurozone must be represented on the executive board , but that opinion is not shared by all of the members of the committee on economic and monetary affairs . esecutivo
in any case , the issue of how members of the eurozone are represented on the executive board was raised by members of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , while that of the size of the executive board was not , for its part , mentioned . esecutivo
next , the issue of the diversity of backgrounds represented on the executive board was also a matter of concern for the members of our committee , based on this idea that we perhaps need people within the executive board of the central bank who come from different backgrounds so that , when the monetary policy of the entire eurozone is at stake , all of the different points of view can be expressed . esecutivo
. – madam president , commissioner , mr stark , the vice-president of the deutsche bundesbank , is a convincing candidate for the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
i hope that , in future , he will intervene accordingly on the executive board of the ecb when the cesr external expert group on clearing and settlement is engaged again , as it was just recently : we shall be looking at whether he really gives parliament top priority . esecutivo
we must also ensure , however , that both large and small economies are equally represented on the executive board of the ecb . esecutivo
but in this debate tonight we are not dealing with the policies of the ecb and the eurozone as such , but with the appointment of a new bundesbanker to the executive board . esecutivo
. – madam president , commissioner , the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe welcomes the proposal to appoint professor jürgen stark as a member of the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
at his hearing in committee on 18 april , he then proved himself once more to be an excellent candidate for membership of the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
in addition , the large euro countries appear to look on the executive board of the european central bank as a fiefdom and exclude the representatives of other member states from the outset . esecutivo
i should like to take this opportunity to thank the outgoing executive board member mr issing once again for his work and constructive cooperation . esecutivo
let me highlight just three : the reinforcement of member states ' responsibility to improve expenditure control in order to achieve a positive court of auditor 's statement , an improvement in the execution of eu programmes and an effective input from parliament into the budgetary review in 2008 . esecuzione
the european parliament has succeeded in adopting a budget that reconciles political priorities with financial constraints , and in updating its structure and improving the way in which it is executed . esecuzione
in addition , it should once again be noted that the new faces on the ecb executive board are exclusively from the large countries ( one german replacing another ) . esecutivo
it has become impossible to comprehend how the leaders of the executives in the member states concerned cannot understand , by using their common sense and by looking at the world 's success stories , such as canada and demark , that healthy public finances are crucial to achieving higher growth and employment . esecutivi
our citizens , who have mandated us to set policies and scrutinise the executive , expect no less . esecutivo
in other words , when it comes to stating good intentions – such as in the ‘ quecedo ’ report – the majority in parliament approves , but when it comes to making the execution and the funding of those intentions a reality – such as in the berend report – the majority in parliament turns its back , rejecting the regional dimension of the fund and clearly benefiting the large countries , with their majority representation in parliament . concretizzare
we have therefore intensified our efforts to scrutinise more thoroughly the proper execution of the directive in all member states and to ensure that it is more effectively enforced . esecuzione
the review should look explicitly at the advantages and the disadvantages of a structure based on an executive agency and a structure based on article 171 of the treaty . esecutiva
the only measure taken in connection with the association agreement has therefore been harmed by the fact that the law establishing the lawyers ’ training institute was imposed without the opinion of the bar and placed under the exclusive authority of the executive . governo
the proposal by the member states refers only to 32 serious crimes and is based on a procedure for converting the sanction to another penalty which is compatible with the right of the executing state . esecuzione
we also amended the deadlines set for each stage of the procedure , in order to make them more realistic and , at the same time , to allow a considerable period of time for the sentence to be served in the executing state , so that the reintegration procedure is more complete and more effective . esecuzione
the interinstitutional agreement gives parliament a legislative role and not an executive role , and so i think that issuing an opinion or approving the programme of work of an executive centre would mean departing from parliament ’ s role of political control . esecutivo
accordingly , it is true that we back the request for more objective and comparable data , for the executive bureau to be anchored in the centre ’ s rules , for regular assessments of the centre ’ s activities and also for the reitox network of national focal points . esecutivo
we have discussed other things , such as how much influence the member states will have on the scientific committee , how we are going to elect the chairperson of the management board , who gets to sit on the management board , and whether the european parliament will have a say on the executive committee – not to be confused with the management board , which is something completely different . esecutivo
this process requires the participation of not only the executive , but also the legislative bodies , the parliaments , and we , parliament , are willing to continue this interparliamentary dialogue . esecutivi
with regard to the role of parliaments in general , and of parliamentarians in particular , i would like to stress the increasing importance of these institutions in the process , not just as legislators , but also and this is fundamental in terms of controlling the actions of their respective executives . esecutivi
in listening to your answer , president-in-office , i would remind you that in too many cases that trade is linked to human rights abuses in the form of the involuntary removal of organs from prisoners due for execution in china . esecuzione
i am somewhat perplexed that the commission did not accept our modification which sought to clarify the best execution obligations of investment firms towards clients when dealing on their own account . esecuzione
the date of the execution is not known . esecuzione
tens of thousands of people are imprisoned in camps and forced labour camps , political prisoners are constantly tortured , many are executed , the majority of the population are destitute , and millions of people are starving in this country . giustiziati
the intimidation of citizens , torture and public executions have become part of the miserable everyday existence of the country , not to mention the restrictions on freedom of speech or religious faith . esecuzioni
numerous reports warn of the increasing numbers of people leaving the country as refugees , as well as the existence of practices such as torture , summary executions , arbitrary detentions and imprisonment in inhuman conditions and without any guarantees of legal defence . esecuzioni
the impending execution of mr son jong nam and the unusually large volume of information that has come out about this and about his imprisonment is extremely significant . esecuzione
mr president , in his written declaration , the communist daniel strož accuses estonians of mass execution of jewish people during the second world war .  
we also have to prevent executive powers being used to introduce changes and the comitology procedure . esecutivi
for those of us who had the honour and opportunity to assist in that project and to belong to the union of the democratic centre - that party which , in government , was responsible for the material execution of the transition , aided by other political formations and supported unequivocally by spanish society and his majesty the king - our values of freedom and reconciliation enshrined in the spanish constitution of 1978 and our call for an end to the two irreconcilable spains arose from our very deepest convictions . sgorgarono
as requested by parliament , the commission has prepared a joint declaration in which the commission commits itself to presenting an assessment of the budgetary execution of the structural funds and the cohesion fund for the 2007-2013 programming period , including the consequences of the implementation of the decommitment rule . esecuzione
i therefore believe that there needs to be intervention at european level in the definition and execution of public policies that promote regional and social cohesion , with a view to preventing the phenomenon of exclusion . attuazione
one constant concern is the possibility of the conflict in the region undergoing a sort of ‘ iraqisation ’ : kidnappings and executions of hostages , such as that of 18-year-old eliahou asheri , which hardly anybody has mentioned , who was shot in the head because he was hitch-hiking in jerusalem . esecuzioni
furthermore , a recent visit to guantánamo by mep colleagues from this house vindicated my long-held view that immediate , as opposed to long-term , closure of guantánamo is not desirable , as many of those held there are extremely dangerous threats to our eu member states ’ national security and it is not possible to deport these individuals , as many might face execution or torture if returned to their home countries like saudi arabia or egypt , where they are well known and wanted as known terrorists . morte
in the past , global and regional terrorism , with training camps in somalia , was responsible for the nairobi , dar es salaam and mombasa attacks , and in the past few days in mogadishu , the union of islamic courts has executed at least 350 civilians . trecentocinquanta
in order to prevent such dangers , it has been agreed that , independently of the four-yearly assessment laid down in article 7 , the european parliament should be regularly informed about the financial execution of the agency ’ s resources . utilizzo
our view on how to end the economic isolation of the turkish cypriot communities is very clear : we want to execute the financial assistance programme now and we want to facilitate a solution for direct trade , possibly with accompanying measures . turcocipriote
when it met on 15 may , the council expressed its concern about the increase in the number of executions , random arrests , the tightening of restrictions on access to information , and the increase in violations of freedom of speech and freedom of religion . esecuzioni
it is clear that the legislation on that issue recently adopted by the chinese government does not adequately address the issue of donor consent , particularly for those who have died in custody or who have been executed . giustiziati
on this last point , the litany is very long : concentration camps ( the laogai camps ) , forced labour , the trafficking in organs of executed prisoners , religious persecution - particularly of the catholic minority - tibetan martyrs , and so on . giustiziati
whilst in the short term there is an urgent need for an independent commission to investigate the recent disappearances , abductions and extra-judicial executions , in the long term we must repeat the call made by this house in the last resolution for a wide-ranging human rights agreement between the parties involved in the civil war and its facilitation by an effective independent international monitoring mission . esecuzioni
– mr president , it has just come to my notice that , although the chairman of the executive council of the african union – in other words , the executive or governmental side – is listed among those to whom the resolution on zimbabwe is addressed , we have omitted to include the pan-african parliament among them . esecutivo
as the rapporteur has pointed out to you , since public services lack a clear legal framework , their funding and management are dependent on uncertain circumstances offered to us in turn by the commission and the european court of justice , which change hats as they see fit and act interchangeably as judge , legislator and executive . esecutivo
the june list clearly also wishes to see better legislation , but we believe that this will be difficult to achieve if the legislature and the executive power have agreed in advance which regulations are going to apply in the future . esecutivo
the mystery of the eurlings report is that , unlike the commission in its report on bulgaria and romania , this institution has decided to tell the truth , to tell it as it is , to speak the facts , and while i know - guy béart said it some time ago – that the first person to tell the truth must be executed , i hope that will not be the case with mr eurlings and his report , which i wholeheartedly support . giustiziato
it encompasses the pre-trial stage where the existence of a previous conviction can , for example , influence decisions on pre-trial detention , as well as the post-trial stage where they can notably have an impact on the execution of the sentence . esecuzione
i endorse the commission ’ s desire to seek mechanisms for executing cohesion policy that will help guarantee that all regions are treated fairly on the basis of their individual capacities in relation to factors of competitiveness . esecuzione
this should ensure that women are not only part of the production process but also part of the decision-making process , and not only at lower levels but also in executive and managerial positions . esecutivi
they will , moreover , be represented on the executive board , albeit without voting rights . quantunque
to what extent can member states be made responsible for ensuring that provision already taken should actually be executed ? messe
as the honourable member is aware , the commission is taking part in the meetings of the schengen executive committee as an observer . esecutivo
but , as mr howitt has said , this regulation represents yet again the wish of member states to usurp the executive responsibilities of the commission . esecutiva
more than a year ago it was already decided in this parliament by a considerable majority that there were serious problems in connection with democratic execution of policy in croatia . esercizio
they merely demonstrate that our executive bodies have caved in to monetarist pressure , and they play into the hands of those who oppose the single currency . esecutivi
generally speaking , the commission bears in mind , as far as possible , the need to strengthen and implicate local partners in the execution of the various financial instruments . esecuzione
against this background , as far as possible , ngos must resort to local staffing , as mentioned in the very conditions of co-funding for executing structural development projects . attuazione
they would not have voting rights on the schengen executive committee but would on the other hand have to approve all future decisions , on pain of having to leave the entire schengen system - immediately . esecutivo
yet the execution of the meda budgetary line for this year is still at the starting-point . esecuzione
on the question of combating the threat of nuclear smuggling , my group calls for the union to make every effort to link up the various executive authorities and thus finally to establish comprehensive cooperation . esecutivi
in jakarta itself the 25-year-old imanuel suares was executed . giustiziato
on that point , after the execution of the ogoni , the junta - following international pressure - promised a programme of disengagement designed to hand power back to the civilian authorities in october 1998 . esecuzione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it seems to me that , sadly , again today we are going to be discussing china , the violations of human rights , the labour camps , the laogai and the executions that take place daily , but absolutely nothing will change today , tomorrow or the day after because business with china will go on , because the big business opportunities along that vast frontier are too important to the international market , because europe is absolutely powerless , because we , my friends , count for absolutely nothing esecuzioni
but the question remains whether all considerations of a political nature or differences about interpretation can be altogether excluded in the execution of this plan on the basis of scientific or veterinary pronouncements . attuazione
but i believe that the commission has drawn a sensible distinction in a number of areas , for instance agricultural policy , between that which is classical legislation , where parliament is to have powers , and that which relates to executive , administrative tasks where parliament is not required to have co-decision powers . amministrativo
here the council must realise that it draws a distinction between executive tasks and legislative tasks in its own activities , so as to make this kind of cooperation with parliament possible . esecutivi
surely no self-respecting parliament can allow itself to be attacked in this way by an executive ! esecutivo
it fills me with consternation that the question about the lyons summit and the way it was used for electoral purposes , which is an objective one - and not just for president santer - was punished with authoritarian disparagement on the part of the executive , for it makes me pessimistic about our parliamentary future if objective problems of this kind can no longer be addressed in graphic language . esecutivo
mr sam mccrone from scott young research of brierley hill and mr ian brough , chief executive of dudley chamber of commerce and industry gave the hearing the benefit of their experience of late payments as it affected their locality . brough
i therefore think , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , that we should vote in favour of this agreement and i call upon the commission to put it swiftly into execution . metterlo
i acknowledge the efforts made by the commissioner and her departments in speeding things up but i think that the commissioner must understand that unless there is a further speeding up of processes in dg xx , the commission will have to be responsible for the lesser use of community funds and the lower rates of execution in the second community support framework . esecuzione
the fact that only executive bodies cooperate with each other and try to come up with european solutions means that the national parliaments - as we have all heard from parliamentarian colleagues in our own countries - are told with increasing regularity that they need no longer concern themselves with this particular issue because it is a european matter . NULL
if it does so it will be breaking the rules which were reached in the world trade organisation and this calls for the punitive action contemplated for extreme cases and executed under the mandate of supra-national political institutions . attuato
that is why we welcome this general plan to be put into execution by the year 2010 . attuarsi
the intention from the outset was that the convention should lay down clear rules on jurisdiction and the procedures for the execution of decisions in respect of marital disputes involving more than one member state . dirimere
until now , funding has been executed by the commission without the adoption by the council of a legal basis . eseguito
as the commissioner well knows , the uk 's opting out of the social protocol has this year already blocked execution of the budget line concerning transnational meetings of workers ' and employers ' representatives ; as in the case of the preliminary draft budget for 1997 , the executive committee is therefore proposing to divide the line in the amending budget , with the specific intention of distinguishing meetings involving representatives of fourteen member states from those involving representatives of all fifteen member states . esecuzione
there are already plans for meetings of workers ' and employers ' representatives , which are simply waiting for the go-ahead from the competent directorate-general of the executive commission . esecutiva
finally , the additional budgetary commitments for phare , tacis and meda will improve transparency and permit improvement in the quality of execution of these programmes as well as their control . esecuzione
this and growing evidence of the involvement of karadzic and mladic in the terrible atrocities of the war make it urgently necessary that the international arrest warrants against both be executed as soon as possible , at all events before 14 september . esecuzione
thus , the first of the two tabled amendments has the unanimous support of the committee on agriculture and rural development and the executive commission since it aims to use a single rate . esecutiva
my question to the commission is : first , what does he think the possibilities would be of a successful challenge to certain aspects of helms-burton in the united states supreme court , especially that part of the act which punishes spouses and children by executive action , by withdrawal of visas , residents ' facilities and so on - the biblical principle that the sins of the parents will be visited on the children ? esecutive
it is really quite unacceptable that the way in which the system worked in its first year of application is being used as a pretext for judging not the system and its execution but the whole philosophy lying behind the structural funds and the role they play in pursuit of the objective of economic and social cohesion . esecuzione
we should like once again to assert , in defence of the objective of economic and social cohesion , what , in the opinion of the committee on budgets , was highlighted and integrated into the report , as concerns the difficulties concerning the absorption of budgetary financial appropriations in the hope that , in keeping with that position , that committee will not propose guidelines and positions which concentrate on unsatisfactory execution rates and ignore the difficulties experienced in 1994 , now recognised , and which have not been exceeded since . esecuzione
i believe , also , that the on-the-spot checks carried out by the commission to verify that projects are being correctly executed should be extended and made more stringent in order to ensure swifter and better realization of projects that are funded through the community budget . esecuzione
nevertheless , the marked improvement in the execution of the 1995 budget and the greater speed of payments to be expected in 1996 still give no reason to sound the all-clear . a
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to begin by reminding parliament that we are going to be assessing this report three years after the approval of the regional development plan presented by the portuguese government and halfway through its execution , which means that it is already , therefore , possible to analyse its development and its adaptation to the current socio-economic reality . esecuzione
experience shows us that operational initiatives and programmes set up locally and managed at a local level have a greater rate of execution and effectiveness than those devised and managed in a centralised way . esecuzione
unlike the previous speaker i must say that our group can understand why a certain time elapses between execution and evaluation . esecuzione
as regards the content of the treaty , article 109a stipulates that the president , the vice-president and the other members of the executive board of the european central bank are to be appointed by common accord of the governments of the member states at the level of heads of state or government , after consultation of the european parliament . direttorio
the president of the european central bank and the other members of the executive board may , at the request of this house , be questioned by the committees responsible . direttorio
in april 1995 the justice minister admitted that ' unfortunately , these extrajudicial executions are carried out in every field of life ' . esecuzioni
finally , the execution of the programme will also depend on the proper functioning of dg xxiii . realizzazione
the tragedy of burundi continues with total disregard for human rights , summary executions and the massacre of thousands of people over a long period of time . esecuzioni
a rigorous approach will also be applied to the executive tasks which are conferred on the commission by the treaty , and for the daily management of which it is responsible . esecutive
we had a second priority which was reform of the procedures : this involved greater scrutiny of the executive committees ; the interinstitutional function of the union ; the question of the use of the reserve to enable parliament to make sure its priorities were carried out by the commission and , lastly , innovation in terms of a number of new programmes which we had put into the budget in 1996 , including elements for the information campaigns for europe , sarajevo and small- and medium-sized enterprises . esecutive
it is not a legislative committee , nor is it an executive committee and consequently we must understand the relationship and the cooperation that will exist between it and the standing committee , always remembering that the standing committee is based at ministerial level . esecutiva
in refusing to execute its part of the contract , the council is in breach of the obligation of cooperation laid down by article 5 of the treaty , and obliges parliament to fall back on article 203 of the treaty , which it is perfectly entitled to do . NULL
henceforth , amputations , stoning and executions are the lot of those who do not submit to these messengers of purity . esecuzioni
in the provinces , 20 out of the 29 under taliban control , all normal forms of justice ceased from the moment the president and his brother were summarily executed . esecuzione
madam president , on behalf of my group i must first express my horror at events in afghanistan , where the taliban regime sees fit to stamp on human rights in a truly appalling way by carrying out summary executions and to strip women of every right imaginable . esecuzioni
these discussions took place at chief executive assistant level , and the meeting reached the conclusion that mr fischler would present a detailed analysis of the sector to my colleagues on the commission . capiti
the concept of the institution of government may be monistic , that is to say the government is simply the executive arm of the parliamentary majority ; then again , the concept may be dualistic with the institution of government being independent of the representative assembly : at any event , those two concepts are shaped by the way in which parliament 's programme of work is determined . esecutivo
the community budget is not big in size , but complex to execute . esecuzione
a third important amendment aimed to strengthen the effectiveness of controls by the executive committee and a fourth reintroduced the period of 10 years for revision . esecutiva
the european parliament has positively modified the commission 's proposal by including not only significant components of that network in the baltic sea and by paying special attention to the relationship with the euro-mediterranean association agreement in the energy sector , but also by incorporating into it the compromise on hierarchisation and the security of financial prospects , so that the execution of common interest projects can be guaranteed . esecuzione
mr president , relocations are a contemporary phenomenon linked to the free circulation of factors , in particular capital , making use of technological progress and implementing transnational strategies of productive specialisation and concentration in cahoots with the executives of certain member states . governi
i draw her attention to page 27 of this report in 1993 where it says , regarding the provision of information to the public from an environmental impact assessment , that in france the stage at which this occurs is sometimes after the execution of the project . esecuzione
does the proposal include private executive aircraft which are proliferating increasingly ? aerei
all this takes place behind closed doors , as has already been mentioned , in the secrecy in which the representatives of the national executives turn themselves into a european legislative body . esecutivi
we have often been updated on the position and we all know that un security council resolution 827 obliges states to cooperate fully with the tribunal which , has no executive and has to rely on the states in order to operate . esecutivi
every third job in the party executive and parliament must be reserved to women in cases where women are not adequately represented . direttivi
i suggest that we can strengthen accountability by reaching an inter-institutional agreement with commission and council on determining the ecb executive board and ecofin appointments and by debating the ecb annual report . direttivo
the execution arrangements are dealt with by the commission in the terms that deserved , on the proposal of my report , the agreement of the committee on social affairs . esecuzione
the report 's proposal that an annual conference on european policies should be institutionalized in the form of a public dialogue between elected representatives and executive authorities , with representatives of the social players , would help to fill this gap . esecutivi
what i do believe is lacking is effective coordination in the execution of programme policies . esecuzione
mr president , after the meeting of the committee on budgets efforts were made to find a solution to this issue and i wish to read the following oral amendment to add to the justification of this particular budget line : ' the reserve may be released during the course of the budget year if the agency proves to the budgetary authority that the available funds have been fully executed according to the terms of the work programme and that further means are necessary for operational purposes . impiegati
i would certainly urge the commission to ensure that somehow or other parliament is more closely involved , when we can anticipate changes like this without , of course , transgressing on the commission 's own proper function in respect of executive decisions and negotiations with the various member states on the detailed aspects of the proposals . esecutive
in particular , we failed to equip the administrator with full executive powers . esecutivi
let me just point out again that of course we cannot say on the one hand that we want strict controls , that we want sound financial management , while on the other hand we just keep paying advances and do not make sure that in the end the measures really have been carried out and carefully executed . eseguite
in accordance with the letter of 8 december 1995 , for new large projects of a value of more than ecu 50 million the commission will confirm in an environmental impact note that the project in question will not have any harmful environmental effects or that any such effects will be remedied during the execution of the project . attuazione
it would be better to take note and introduce effective control of the executive power of the kind exercised by the american congress . esecutivo
the european union needs real executive powers of direct inspection as well as higher inspection and the capacity to withdraw products from the market automatically and ban their sale , both inside and outside the european union . esecutivi
the work should be finished by around the end of february and , as i said , you will be receiving a short version of this ' executive summary ' in two weeks , at the most , and then of course the full report in due course . executive
it is the right one if we regard the next few months as a sort of stay of execution , which the commission must use to carry through essential reforms . proroga
but we can , quite rightly , demand that states do not legitimate such crime by themselves killing , that is executing their citizens . legittimino
madam president , the european parliament has also reason to be confident that all member governments will be reminded of parliament 's wishes in this resolution during the meeting with the un commission on human rights , and that they will demand a universal , all country , moratorium on execution . esecuzioni
if iran does not soon show signs of increased respect for human rights and reconsider its attitude to torture , executions and conspiracies against the lives of non iranian citizens , this critical dialogue must be reviewed and a new policy using different political means towards iran must be put in place . esecuzioni
according to amnesty international , the number of executions at least doubled in 1996 and arrests of all who step out of line , now of oil workers on strike , and the persecution of religious minorities have continued . esecuzioni
we are of the opinion that the executive 's actions should take account of the needs of the weakest population groups , such as women , old people and children , and that they should encourage local markets by promoting the potential of local supply . esecutivo
despite that , an unchanged co-operation agreement has now been concluded with norway and iceland , obliging those countries to accept schengen without any ifs or buts , but depriving them of any right of co-determination or right of representation on the executive committee . esecutivo
on the subject of transparency , i can tell you that , as the commission 's representative on the schengen executive committee , i insisted before the committee that the public should be given more information on schengen . esecutivo
as a result of what i said , the executive committee decided to send the european parliament the first annual report on the implementation of the schengen agreements . esecutivo
the potential for using the new information and communication technology for executive purposes is enormous . esecutivi
i commend all members of the house to read at least volume 1 and , if that is too much , certainly chapters 1 and 17 of volume 1 - the executive summary and the recommendations - so that they know clearly what is being said in their name .  
jerusalem is the city of three world religions , and judaism undoubtedly lies at the root of them all , but i wish to say that the jerusalem of the twentieth century and , i believe , of future centuries will remain the city of yad vashem , the city of remembrance of the most systematically planned and executed attempt at genocide in the history of mankind . eseguito
madam president , two factors have changed the situation for the kosovo albanians : one is the increasing serbian oppression , the other the albanian resistance movement which has now started to execute all those they call collaborators . giustiziare
regarding this subject , as regarding all others connected with external relations , the commission supports the presidency of the council / general secretariat of the council + commission system representing the executive part and the management part . esecutiva
on the contrary , let us demand that the executive committee prepare for us the ways and means of action for economic government of the union . esecutiva
this report also leads me , mr herman , to say that the executive committee has worked hard , in the context of the treaties which govern us , obviously , and the decisions of the council of ministers , without of course forgetting , mr herman , the dominant liberal ideology in which our union basks . esecutiva
while i approve of some of the executive committee 's proposals on education and training and on local employment initiatives , i would say , like many others here , that unemployment needs shock treatment , along with effective stimulation of internal demand for goods and services , a reduction in interest rates , an increase in research and development , a less dogmatic and ideological approach to the criteria for convergence , a way of proceeding with restructuring which is undoubtedly gentler , and finally a genuine desire for industrial development . NULL
secondly : is it possible for the executive committee through a separate decision to stop export subsidies as well ? gestione
has such a proposal for beef been put to the executive committee ? depositata
finally , i note with disappointment , as it relates to the future of the slim initiative , the total absence of common vision between the executive committee , the ' internal market ' committee and the committee on legal affairs . esecutiva
in the context of sem 2000 , efforts are being made to improve cooperation with the member states on budget forecasting and execution . esecuzione
small budget lines with a very minor critical mass are actually impossible to execute in the way which would be efficient . eseguire
i heard the comment that we have not executed all the budgets . utilizzato
sometimes there are sums in the budget lines which cannot be easily executed . impiegare
mr tung chi wa has been appointed as future chief executive and has chosen his future council members . executive
from tung 's choice of top officials and the members of the executive council it is clear that he is resolved to ensure a maximum of continuity in the machinery of officialdom , which the council welcomes . esecutivo
nor should the chief executive c. h. tung allow any erosion of hong kong 's bill of rights or societies ' and public order ordinances . tung
in this way i have supported the executive commission 's proposals which seemed to me to be courageous and balanced . esecutiva
madam president , the recent riots in the chinese province of eastern turkestan when the chinese authorities executed a large number of uighurs confirm once again what a terrible reputation china has when it comes to respecting human rights . uiguri
the uighurs have suffered badly under the communist regime : many were transported during the 1960s , and tens of thousands were executed during the 1950s , 1960s and early 1970s . uccisi
these abuses must cease and immediate steps must be taken to release those still in detention , commute any outstanding sentences of flogging and amputation , suspend executions and enable refugees to return home without fear of retribution for opposing the government . esecuzioni
although we had our reasons from the outset for abstaining on the adam report on the proposal to introduce technical measures for the conservation of fisheries resources - which we explained in detail during the debate - then we are doubly convinced following the discussion , in view of the commission 's answers and comments and above we see doubly clearly the real proposals and intentions of the european ' executive ' in this matter . esecutivo
on the other hand , here i come to the heart of the matter , on the basis of article 10 of the inter-institutional agreement , it must propose an adjustment to credits for category ii , the structural expenditure , in accordance with its execution so that unused appropriations are not lost . esecuzione
it is the richer countries which most openly admitted , in the council of ministers , that they were unwilling to execute the structural fund . utilizzare
we note a reduction of 500 million ecu in the amount of credits earmarked for 1998 , an amount transferred to 1999 on the basis of a statement by the commission , which says that it will not be possible to execute more than 600 million ecu in the 1998 budgetary year . utilizzare
it does enable us to recover the 562 million ecu which have not been executed and it also makes it possible to make these adaptations gradually over time . 562
the treaty on union , in its article 130a , demonstrates an unprecedented political willingness in the domain of social and economic cohesion , even if , must i recall it , the four french ultra-peripheral regions , that is , the majority of these regions , recognised today by the executive committee as the poorest in the union , do not benefit from the cohesion fund provided for by article 130b of the treaty on union , because they belong to a home country whose overall gross domestic product renders them ineligible . esecutiva
the commission is also proposing close monitoring in order to ensure compliance with the terms under which the aid is being approved , specifically as regards the disbursement and use of the aid , the execution of the restructuring plans and the restrictions on productive capacity . esecuzione
the portuguese members of the partido popular , in the upe group of the european parliament , declare that their vote for the report on the proposal for a decision of the european parliament and the council of the european union on the adjustment of the financial perspective to take account of the conditions of implementation , by mr tillich , is cast in the conviction that the amount of 1 , 062 , 000 , 000 ecu , resulting from the failure to execute budgeted expenditure in 1995 and 1996 , will be inscribed in the 1999 budget and 062
following examination of the conditions of the 1996 budgetary year , and in accordance with the inter-institutional agreement of 29 october 1993 , the commission has asked the council and the european parliament to authorise the transfer to 1999 of appropriations not executed in 1996 and not carried over to 1997 to the headings of the structural and cohesion funds , i.e. respectively 545 and 17 million ecu . utilizzate
we advocate close inter state cooperation within the framework of the third pillar , where democratic control is executed , and indeed should be executed , by the national parliaments . esercitato
further execution problems came with peace initiative and the absorption of extra funds via that route . esecuzione
nevertheless , there were delays here and in agreement between member states on objective 2 , which meant that execution rates drew close to 95 % for 1994-95 later . esecuzione
therefore , i think that all of this needs to be simplified and would benefit from a stocktaking exercise at the end of each year in order to find out how the member states execute these directives and apply these documents , to find out what the execution rate was and to find out what the court of audit has discovered in terms of fraud . applicato
its reorientation is of extreme importance during this year and in the execution of next year 's budget . attuazione
it is also a good agreement because each of these institutions has shown that it can develop the role incumbent upon it : the commission proposes , the european parliament defines the strategy and fundamental sectors and it is for national governments to execute the project . competeva
fourthly , the humanitarian aid and cooperation programmes which we are developing have now reached a fairly considerable volume in our opinion and , as far as the execution of the global plan this year is concerned , the decisions which have been taken are the ones which i have just pointed out . esecuzione
very briefly , mrs izquierdo rojo is putting the question to the wrong institution , because these are not council measures , but commission rules for implementing a programme which it is responsible for executing . emanate
just as 30 years of violence , executions , persecutions and corruption are to be wiped out and replaced by another violence - definitely excessive but unfortunately legitimate because of the violence it is replacing - our priority seems to be to judge the latter violence when we never said anything against the former . esecuzioni
just as a probable political and military stabilisation of zaire should finally make it possible for us to assist rwandan refugees and zairean civilian populations in the east of the country , the european union 's priority seems to be to put laurent desiré kabila on trial , whereas the sufferings of the refugees are the responsibility of people whose names are known to us : habyarimana , for the rwandan dictatorship in place until 1994 , the far and interamwé , for taking the refugee camps hostage , the french government ( for the execution ) and the zairian  
we urge ' democrats of the world , unite ! against all intellectual persecution , against torture and execution , and against the regime in iran . esecuzioni
for far too long the khartoum regime has been violating these values by eliminating basic liberties , introducing intolerable forms of religious discrimination , executing its opponents , terrorising its own people domestically and exporting terror . giustiziando
as for the executive measures , they are a mixture of different types of committee , ' comitology ' , to use a community jargon expression , i.e. national civil servants who are not answerable to their national bureaucracy . esecutive
a united europe presupposes a single state , hence a parliament with legislative power and a government with executive power . esecutivo
the concept of national government as an institution vested with executive power will effectively vanish , and the national parliaments will , in essence , lose their competence in these matters . esecutivo
secondly , the democratization of the institutions calls for more efforts and on this point i approve of the european parliament 's proposals on codecision , controls over the executive authority and transparency in particular . esecutivo
maastricht ii completes the first step towards the abolition of democracy in favour of the extension of executive power . esecutivi
it is the member states which see to the execution on their territory of nearly 80 % of community expenditure and they should recognize that the union 's institutions , the commission in particular , have genuine , undeniable rights to control and intervene in the running of the union 's own resources , given that community money is going missing . esecuzione
in addition , we consider it indispensable that strict controls and complete transparency be required of the executive bodies for each of the supported projects to prevent the disbursement of any unwarranted aid . attuazione
after all , hundreds of defenceless civilians were killed by the rebels , tortured , hacked with machetes and executed in atrocious conditions . uccisi
we can also rejoice that more and more states on our continent and in other parts of the world now refrain from executing their citizens . giustiziare
contrary to what it did in geneva , not over the death penalty on which , as mr soulier has reminded us , it took a very decisive position , a major stance , and obtained a successful outcome , but over the question of human rights in china , over which it took a far more unfortunate position , if the union had promoted , in the general assembly of the united nations , the proposal for a moratorium on executions , i am sure that it would have found a majority of member states so that , a esecuzioni
we should set an example and bear this in mind when negotiating association agreements and ask for a moratorium on executions to be included . esecuzioni
in the rapporteur 's view , these commission reports do little more than sum up the projects that have been executed in those two years . realizzati
the new guidelines also provide for a reform of programme management , including simplified planning and execution reports , together with greater decentralization and the transfer of monitoring tasks to the eu delegations . esecuzione
the list of measures includes a considerable reduction in the number of programme management bodies , integrating the programme more closely in the activities of the partner country 's authorities , a thorough examination of the on-going programmes with a view to speeding up their implementation , reducing the financial backlog and a thorough revision of the handbook on the decentralized execution of the phare programme . esecuzione
an agreement on the method should be possible , given that in both cases budget execution will have to rely on transfers to bring the budget into line with actual needs . esecuzione
i thank you for the acknowledgement that you have made already of the very important meeting that we had with the chairman and the chief executive of the british association of ski instructors . direttore
the reinforcement of the commission 's executive powers will help cut delays in resolving the problems . esecutive
everywhere in the world , foreign policy is dictated by executives , not by assemblies . deliberative
so turkey is entitled to execute , to imprison , to torture , to persecute anyone who supports the rights of the kurds , even members of parliament , authors and journalists , and finally , to invade a foreign country . incarcerare
to begin with , i should state that we support the executive committee 's document and mr rosado fernandes 's report . esecutiva
for these and other regions , we support mr rosado fernandes 's report and the position of the executive committee . esecutiva
mr president , i think that this resolution is important because it censures the numerous executions of hundreds and hundreds of people every year . esecuzioni
we here in parliament are disturbed by the increasing number of executions in the usa . esecuzioni
we think that executions cast a shadow over president clinton . esecuzioni
parliament wants the usa to refrain from executing o 'dell - and all the others . giustiziare
this is the case of the united states , the case of joseph o 'dell , who at this time is of particular concern to us : a case in which , in addition to the feelings common in relation to all other executions which we seek to prevent , we have a well-founded certainty that the evidence of guilt is far from having been verified and that another dna test is necessary and could exonerate the accused . esecuzioni
so , faced with these risks , we feel the duty , as members of the european parliament , to add our own initiative to ask the governor of virginia not to proceed with this execution before allowing further verification of the evidence , in particular the dna evidence . esecuzione
for operational reasons , in order to be able to do the job , the commission , which executes 98 % of the budget , needs to be able to delegate powers to 500 or more officials , some of whom inevitably will be exercising some degree of discretion on behalf of their institution . esegue
also figuring in the ranks of small satisfactions are the clause regarding revision after two years and the commitment of the commission executive to present a global cultural programme in 1998 . esecutiva
we want the commission , as the executive , to be able to offer positive responses for the future of something which is tremendously important for the economy and the social and political life of other countries . esecutivo
where regulations under community law are concerned , in this case guideline 119 / 93 , member states are also charged with the execution and application of these guidelines . 119
where it is discovered during an inspection that a member state is paying insufficient attention to the regulations , or has undertaken unsatisfactory measures for the execution of the guidelines , it has to be decided if a charge of contravention should be initiated against such a member state . attuazione
one last word : there is so much else one could say and time does not allow me to do so , but let me congratulate the commission on the ongoing executive training programme for young european executives going to japan - some 600 or so . manager
the green paper is the result of the political and executive attention paid to commerce since 1994 , with greater involvement of the community institutions , which had previously been more concerned with other economic sectors and larger companies , certainly not concentrating on commerce and small and medium-sized firms . operativa
large companies can afford to employ all the experts that modern legislation requires : health and safety officers , fire officers , welfare officers - all those posts which large companies create to give employment to highly paid executives . remunerati
i really must ask you to look into it , as it is quite clear that the administration wants to take over everything , and make us into an executive . esecutori
for two years , since july 1996 , the european commission has chaired the helsinki commission , the executive organ of the convention for the protection of the marine environment of the baltic sea . esecutivo
it has been quite effective in permitting the commission and parliament a detailed discussion of the state of execution as we have been able to note today . esecuzione
as far as the overall execution of the 1997 budget is concerned , the outlines , of which the commission informed the budgetary authority in july , are confirmed by the most recent data . NULL
the execution of the budget as a whole at the end of september exceeds the level of previous years , in particular with regard to payment appropriations . NULL
although one-third of the budget still needs to be implemented , the commission 's expectations are that execution at the end of this year will be higher than in 1996 and therefore continue the recent trend . esecuzione
most important , the reorientation of phare towards a preaccession instrument will reduce the amount which can still be executed this year by ecu 150 million . erogare
as far as phare is concerned , as long as the projects were very small on average , execution was extremely complicated and control was also difficult . attuazione
for the present meda programme , the size of the programmes is higher and execution is already this year at the level of 63 % . attuazione
thus we can say that fundamental rights will only enjoy true legal protection when there is a parallel process between the transfer of national powers to community competence on the one hand , and on the other hand , when the european parliament and the national parliaments together gradually acquire greater control over the executive 's activities . esecutivo
in its two wars of conquest , vietnamese communism has killed millions of people in mass executions , death camps , and also through the flight of the boat people . esecuzioni
i draw the attention of the representatives of the council to that specific point here , because many members here will be familiar with the outstanding success of the executive training programme which enables young men and women each year to go to japan to learn japanese for 12 months and to spend 6 months in japanese business learning the ropes . dirigenti
it is necessary , therefore , in order to obtain better conditions of competition and with a view to completion of the internal market , that the commission should look at the implementation and execution of the directives . applicazione
this is an opportunity to set an example not only to member states but also to the often criticized executive controls and the rightly criticized system of audit implementation in the member states . attuazione
is he aware that one british airline executive admitted that duty-free is equivalent to an ecu 21 subsidy per passenger on charter flights ? compagnia
mr president , when i met the new chief executive of hong kong , tung chee-hwa , earlier this week , i raised a number of concerns relating to recent developments there which do not augur well for the protection of human rights . tung
but since this area is an area of lawlessness , where the arbitrary will of those who are armed rules , they arrest , they imprison , they even execute , without any complaint from anyone . nondiritto
firstly , the frequency of controls should be increased , both within the eu and in third countries . transport problems usually occur not because of faults in the legislation , but in its execution . applicazione
this separation of powers is clear , but the separation of powers has nothing to do with the appointment itself , but with the integrity , objectivity and independence of acting as a judge after the appointment and during the execution of the mandate . esercizio
confusion between the major functions - legislative , executive , judiciary - of government ; -a judiciary or a legislature targeting one person in particular for punishment in a broader situation ; -legislators and judges deliberating in a context of public outcry and allowing that to dictate their decisions in advance.without in anyway underestimating the emotional hostility and feelings of resentment such a situation can provoke , i am very resolute in voting against the report before us . esecutiva
in order slightly to reduce the obligations in the proposal , however , i have replaced some of the executive measures with less compulsory terms . operative
but in practice four-fifths of the budget is executed by the member states , and to this extent , in connection with this criticism , the member states are also in the pillory . NULL
i believe we have all benefitted , and that we all start from the assumption that we will not fall back from the standard we have achieved , and that we will together historically force back this historically unique council , which is executive and legislative at one and the same time - montesquieu would turn in his grave - and arrive at normal parliamentary work and lawmaking , where we all have our due responsibilities . esecutivo
many of them are barristers , executives , company managers , sales people and people from wholly different walks of life to those alluded to . manager
yes , mrs kjer hansen , indeed the execution of the pacte programme was afflicted with many problems , and one cannot be at all satisfied with how it has gone , especially because , as you know , even during the process , because of the justified criticisms which the court of auditors and others made of the execution , the conditions for claimability had to be tightened . attuazione
i ask you please to understand that the commission does not now simply make promises , but is really trying to find a system which can ensure responsible execution of such projects , at all levels , the commission level and the level of the authorities which are carrying them out . esecuzione
non-governmental organizations and executive bodies have known this for a long time and act accordingly , when they are allowed to . preposte
the schengen agreement is a source of imponderables , and the new treaty fundamentally changes the constitutional order of the european union because it massively strengthens the position of the executive over that of the legislature . esecutivo
the threat of a censure motion demonstrated how effective our control over the executive can be . esecutivo
mr president , first , flowers for mr méndez de vigo and mr tsatsos , mental and verbal flowers for a well executed piece of work . cappello
the committee , for example , noted with satisfaction how the executive commission intends to speed up investigations into the infringement of community regulations and it is hoped that what has unfortunately happened several times in the past will not happen again , that is that reports have been dealt with after a long delay , or have not even received a reply . esecutiva
this also confirms the request made to the commission on 11 december last year within the scope of the resolution on the commission 's programme of work for 1997 , to take a decision whereby the executive undertakes to apply to the court of justice for pecuniary sanctions to be imposed if a member state has not taken the measures connected with the application of a court judgment within a year , particularly in the sectors relating to the domestic market and the environment . esecutivo
a similar mechanism will be applied to that used with regard to state aid , that is , a decision that will enable the commission to direct an executive decision at the member states in the space of a few days , in the event of actions or inactions resulting in obstacles to freedom of movement , a decision that will constitute a document of execution , on whose basis injured parties will be able to see the national courts recognize the right to compensation for losses sustained by the member state responsible . esecutiva
in fact we will have to cross one bridge after another to get to this point , but this does not stop us from already having invested europol with operational responsibility - i am not saying executive responsibility - in the draft amsterdam treaty . esecutive
you can see that we are still far , very far from executive responsibility . esecutive
but this problem will crop up again as soon as europol is given executive responsibility for good . esecutive
for example , her last comment about a reserve and keeping money back from those who do not execute it well and giving it to those who implement community policy well , is a measure which the commission should give serious consideration to adopting . riassegnazione
the commission 's executive , by proposing agenda 2000 has , from this point of view , done a good job , which clearly has to be completed and clarified . esecutiva
the docup established by the walloon executive was approved by the commission on 14 june 1994 . esecutivo
moreover , it is hard to understand why a ruling of the local court in kassel cannot be issued directly to a french citizen by this court , with the result that the judgement is able to be executed immediately . esecuzione
the committee on employment and social affairs propose that a fair balance of women and men be invited onto boards of experts in the planning and execution of the framework programme . attuazione
the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , unanimously approving the report i presented , had confirmed the choice of the executive committee which had limited the thematic programmes to three and paid special attention to the environment in the first and third . esecutiva
if we are unable to perform our task of control , we should not fall back on the creation of means of coordination and execution seen by the commission and parliament , because , in my opinion , this is not consistent with the european parliament 's tasks of direction and control . esecuzione
for example , they asked us what the relationship is between bureaucratic administrative expenses and expenses going directly to the execution of a project . esecuzione
( murmurs ( of dissent ) ) we understand , will allow the national executive committee to make the rankings , the order of the list and the selections in toto , in secret and impose those candidates on the united kingdom . executive
executions esecuzioni
that is why we are working , within the framework of the campaign , to set up a universal moratorium on executions . esecuzioni
i call on the americans and on the texas authorities to commute her sentence and to put a stay on her execution . esecuzione
we have to do everything to ensure that this woman 's sentence is commuted and that there is a stay of her execution . esecuzione
i am talking about the unfortunate executions which happened in korea recently , and with which the practice of the past two years not carry out death sentences , was altered again . esecuzioni
of these amendments , we are delighted to note that 20 were approved by the community executive . esecutivo
the tasks which are decentralized and executed by a satellite body and the activities run at a centralized level by the commission need to be clearly defined in order to ensure complementarity and to avoid duplication . definire
the price of criticizing the regime is execution . esecuzione
his solution was to execute all those serving longer than fifteen years . pene
mr president , over two years since the execution of ken saro-wiwa , when his son , ken , came to brussels three days later and generated total and absolute support from every part of this house for a return to democracy and human rights in nigeria , we are forced once again to ask the european parliament to condemn the abacha regime 's continuing disregard for these principles . NULL
the military power of this bloodthirsty junta - for it was called a junta by commissioner marín , rather than a dictatorship - with a president who had been elected and of whom we know nothing , with ken saro-wiwa and other ogoni representatives who have been executed , is now extending to other african countries . giustiziati
it is true that we cannot allow this country to join the asean , and therefore there is no dialogue between europe and burma , but it is also true that there is a creeping legitimization of the burmese dictatorship , although it has wiped out , tortured , incarcerated and summarily executed the opposition , while putting nobel prize winners under house arrests and so on and so forth . suon
their chief executive recently earned a personal bonus of £ irl 17 million . bonus
how can one threaten someone , coincidentally a european citizen , with execution because he fell in love with a woman ? sentimentale
during its final phase , the previous government in iran declared that it would not carry out his execution . rushdie
if iran does have good intentions , and if the positive signal of the release of the editor really does mean something , then the concrete step-by-step dialogue will start , and today 's resolution in which we ask for these people not to be executed , might be a good example of this . eseguite
when we think we detect a hint of liberalization , a gesture of good will or the beginnings of some kind of democratization , teheran immediately carries out new arrests , new fatwas , new executions , thereby contradicting the forecasts of those who are mistaken about the nature of this regime which is profoundly hostile to all humanist values . esecuzioni
in the last six months , there have apparently been seven official executions in which individuals convicted by an iranian court have been stoned to death . esecuzioni
in the last 12 months , some 200 executions are estimated to have taken place in all , 9 in public in the last week alone . esecuzioni
the two delicate matters are : firstly , the creation of an osce inspection and advisory group in minsk , in the field , which is planned , in principle , for the end of february , and the execution of its mandate ; and secondly , the possible adoption by the belorussian authorities of the tacis programme for the development of civil society , expected , in principle , in march . adempimento
it seems to me , if i might say so to the president-in-office , that consultation without delay is no more than the courtesy which the executive of this union , commission and council , should pay to the legislature of this union , this parliament and its sister parliaments in the member states . esecutivo
the situation is escalating ; there are summary executions , and refugees . esecuzioni
to conclude i would like to point out in connection with this report that , in order to enhance relations with countries outside the eu , it is important that both multilateral and bilateral treaties , such as the convention on the transfer of executions of judgement , are signed , so that judicial cooperation with countries outside the union can be fine-tuned as well . wots
firstly , it has become apparent that the absence of a legal foundation in the treaty - and in the revised treaty of amsterdam - for the tourism industry totally rules out or seriously hampers the execution of any programme that seeks to promote or enhance the competitiveness of the sector . realizzazione
let us not forget that it was the parliaments - the european parliament and the russian state duma - which christened the first of the executive bodies of the partnership and cooperation agreement , the parliamentary cooperation committee which i chair with my russian colleague , mr ryshkov . esecuzione
the execution of this legislative instruction of the european parliament is then the responsibility of the technical bodies . esecuzione
those of us who have had the chance to talk privately to mr alexandre lamfalussy and other people who may find themselves on the executive board of the european central bank have always said that it is essential that the european central bank does not simply act as a collection of bookkeepers but that it acts very much as an institution of the european union acting on behalf of its citizens . esecutivo
for example , the idea of requesting the ecb to publish a summary of the discussions of the executive board , which was in direct contradiction with paragraph 4 of article 10 of the escb statutes , which anticipated that these meetings should be confidential , with the board deciding whether or not to make their deliberations public . governatori
it was the same for the idea of giving the european parliament the right of censure and of joint nomination of the executive board , which assumed a revision of the treaty , in particular paragraph 4 of article 109 . esecutivo
that is why a provision has been made for intensive debates between the president , the executive board and this parliament on the annual report or the quarterly reports . esecutivo
whether or not we find an executive board for the bank made up of six men and women with practically supernatural abilities is the old sixty four thousand dollar question . sei
in our view , in the european parliament , when we vote for and approve the executive board of the european central bank , they assume the responsibility of any elected individual to render accounts . convalideremo
the eib generally has to follow the policies of the union but it has its own decision-making structure and the board of governors is composed of finance ministers from the member states and they are charged with implementing the policies of the union in the execution of their duties . esecuzione
i have to say , however , that we are very concerned , commissioner pinheiro , about the state of use of the eu budget line for tropical forests , which was keenly desired by our parliament , a line which , as you know , in the same way as many lines relating to foreign actions , has sustained considerable delays of execution . esecuzione
it happened once , less than two years ago , when the protest , not just of this house but of almost all the western government leaders and states , had the desired effect : that of postponing - but only postponing - his execution . esecuzione
in june , when our parliamentary delegation meets american congressmen in houston , texas - near huntsville , known as the executions capital of the usa - another 28 , or possibly 35 , human beings , including another woman , will be brought to the place of execution , and they will not be able to follow the conclusion , albeit foregone , of the interparliamentary exchanges across the atlantic . esecuzioni
this surrender to violence exemplified by the execution of an innocent person twelve years after a highly contestable guilty verdict - exemplified also by the fact that firearms are placed in the most untrained of hands and are made available to the most unstable of people , causing the deaths of dozens of innocent people - this collective surrender to violence has to be pointed out . we europeans call upon the citizens of pennsylvania . NULL
stop this state-sponsored violence ! demand an end to the execution of human beings , and in particular today of one human being , namely mumia abu-jamal . esigete
to me , harmonization means that if the european union wishes to gain executive powers in the long term - including in the area of judicial cooperation - rights must be transferred to it by the member states . operativa
finally , in relation to the presidency of the european central bank , the socialist group expects that this weekend a president for the european central bank and an executive board will be nominated . esecutivo
well , i believe that this will come naturally in the meeting , when the heads of state or government unanimously appoint the president of the central bank and members of the executive board . esecutivo
the members of the ecb executive board , who are appointed for eight years and cannot be removed from office , will have unprecedented influence on exchange rate and interest rate policy and other economic policies directly affecting people , regions and nations . esecutivo
next on the agenda is the selection of the european central bank 's executive board . esecutivo
the council must take upon itself the initiative for european texts and exercise executive power . esecutivo
the members of the ecb executive board , who are appointed for eight years and cannot be removed from office , will have unprecedented influence on exchange rate and interest rate policy and other economic policies directly affecting people , regions and nations . esecutivo
mr president , i would like clarification on the deadline for tabling amendments to the recommendations we will be considering tomorrow concerning parliament 's vote on the appointment of the executive board , president and vice-president of the european central bank . amministratori
the right of the commission to issue interpretative communications is restricted to executive matters which fall within its sphere of competence - such as those concerning state assistance and competition policy - , whereas the right of interpretation of primary and derivative law rests with the court . esecutivo
this is why the commission drew up the proposal for a regulation in november 1997 , which i referred to , and why , in executing the mandate assigned to the commission by the amsterdam european council , we are trying to find a satisfactory legislative solution to this subject . adempimento
appointments to the executive board of the european central bank direttorio
the next item is the recommendations by the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy on the appointments to the executive board of the european central bank ( rapporteur : mme randzio-plath ) . direttorio
this is the result of the hearings of the various candidates for appointment to the executive board of the european central bank held in the european parliament . esecutivo
in short , they will provide the european central bank with the executive board it deserves . direttorio
finally , the future single monetary policy will be shaped by the european system of central banks , not by the european central bank and its executive board alone . esecutivo
we would particularly like to welcome the fact that the appointment of mrs hämäläinen will see a woman on the executive board of the ecb , enabling more women than has previously been the case to make their voices heard in important decisionmaking bodies . inen
it is because of the need to deliver that stability that the debate on the appointments to the executive board of the european central bank is of such central importance , as was recognized by your rapporteur only a few minutes ago . esecutivo
the european central bank will be established by 1 july ; it will assume responsibility for the monetary policy of participating member states on 1 january next year , and the treaty , of course , requires the council to nominate a president and vicepresident and up to four additional members of the executive board . esecutivo
the council recommends that mr christian noyer should be appointed as vice-president for a term of four years , and the following should be appointed to the rest of the executive board : mr otmar issing for a term of eight years , mr tommaso padoa-schioppa for seven years , mr eugenio domingo solans for six years and mrs sirkka hämäläinen for five years . esecutivo
in particular , i welcome your suggestion that executive board members are invited to participate in quarterly parliamentary meetings on monetary and economic developments . esecutivo
we believe that this executive board has a crucial role to play in building confidence for the euro amongst our citizens . esecutivo
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , on 7 and 8 may , under the firm yet courteous authority of president karl von wogau , we conducted a hearing of the six candidates for appointment to the executive board of the european central bank , in an atmosphere of mutual trust and esteem . esecutivo
unfortunately , when the time came for the european council to propose the president , the vice-president and the other four members of the executive board of the european central bank , after the european parliament had made its decision , elements of uncertainty were introduced . direttorio
in this respect , the controversy relating to the appointments to the executive board of the european central bank is surprising , to say the least . esecutivo
but the treaty states that the heads of state and government are responsible for appointing the executive board , and i think that it is useful to reaffirm that the member states have more authority than the banks . esecutivo
the treaties state that the heads of state and government , that is , a political authority , should appoint the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
it remains for us to express two hopes : firstly , that in future , members of the executive board of the european central bank will continue the debate with the european parliament as readily as they have done during these hearings . esecutivo
madam president , on behalf of the group of independents for a europe of nations i attended all hearings with the prospective candidates for the executive board of the european central bank last week . esecutivo
first of all , there is the power to appoint the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
the evaluation we have undertaken today of these six candidates provides us with a unique opportunity , given that the length of the terms of office of the members of the executive board is variable . esecutivo
mr president , the hearings in parliament and the confirmation vote which we have later today on the president , vice-president , and executive board members for the central bank mark for this house the last significant step in the beginning of a very significant and historic enterprise for europe . esecutivo
it must be recognised as having the possibility to re-examine these candidates and submit them to a more detailed verification , candidates who initially do not provide an executive framework of their attitude on monetary policies , on democratic control and on the transparency of the work that they are called upon to do on behalf of and in the interest of the european union . esecutivo
it is sensible of mr duisenberg , who is ignoring the wishes of the french parliament , to make the members of the executive board of the ecb appear in the national parliaments . esecutivo
mr president , in the talks members have conducted on the nomination of the ecb executive board , it has been frequently mentioned that the bank must endeavour to achieve the greatest possible openness and always keep parliament informed of its activity . direttorio
mr president , i was pleased and honoured to attend all the hearings of the central bank governors and the remaining five members of the executive board held in brussels last week . esecutivo
as chancellor brown has just exhorted us , we will conduct purposeful hearings on a quarterly basis with the ecb , not to infringe its executive independence but instead to invoke the necessary public accountability to which even this august and powerful body must submit - it will indeed be ' august ' for the people . esecutiva
the independence of the executive board is guaranteed exclusively by the fact that re-election is not permitted . direttorio
i would ask you to leave these arguments to one side and to vote together for a good , sensible executive board . direttorio
the central bank will have greater freedom than any other institution in the world : its executives will wield immense power .  
the candidates have all shown their willingness to enter into permanent dialogue with our european parliament as the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
but the interviews we conducted enabled us to obtain the necessary assurances that all members of the executive board , especially the president , wim duisenberg , will recognise that the legitimacy and credibility of the european central bank and the strength of the euro will depend for their security on the quality of the accounts submitted to the european parliament and the seriousness of the monetary dialogue they will set up with us . stabiliranno
i would particularly congratulate mrs hämäläinen , not only on her birthday , which she celebrated on the same day , but also because of the pleasure it gives me to see a woman on the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
it is true that the six members of the executive board of the european central bank have different terms of office . direttorio
in this respect , the council is also concerned at allegations of arbitrary executions , arbitrary detentions and torture and has urged the algerian authorities to redress these issues . esecuzioni
it has called on algeria to facilitate early visits of united nations ' special rapporteurs on torture and extra-judicial summary or arbitrary executions . esecuzioni
mr president , members from the european right did not take part in the vote because we do not agree with the principle or the composition of the executive board . esecutivo
mr president , the rapporteur of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , mrs randzio-plath , explained to us earlier that the hearings of the nominees to the executive board of the future european central bank , had led her to a positive assessment . esecutivo
by accepting the amendment the european parliament is giving a signal that the continuity of the leadership of the central bank 's executive board must be guaranteed . esecutivo
the amendment emphasizes furthermore that it is up to the president or a member of the executive board alone , and i repeat alone , to decide when to stand down , and that the mandate of the person in question must not be meddled with from the outside ; all of this is in the spirit of the treaty . bce
of course we are voting for the recommendation on the appointment of the president and other members of the european central bank 's executive board , because the common european currency affects development in all european countries . direttorio
the six candidates proposed for the european central bank 's executive board must follow this constitutional economic policy . direttorio
the candidates for the ecb 's executive board all defend the bank 's independence , while at the same time disputing the idea that they should be accountable to the european parliament for their actions . al
the danish social democrats are abstaining from the vote on appointments to the executive board of the european central bank . direttorio
the hearing of the candidates for the executive board of the european central bank and the corresponding vote for their endorsement by the european parliament is indeed an important political moment in the necessary completion of emu and the euro . esecutivo
the credibility of the euro will be even further strengthened by the rotation system agreed at the summit , with a date already set for a portuguese member to be on the executive board , together with the permanent participation of the governor of the bank of portugal on the bank 's board , which will meet at least ten times a year and will take all the most important fundamental decisions by a simple majority vote ( in principle ) , each vote having the same weight . esecutivo
after the ' foundation ' and the appointment of the ' founder members ' of the euro , the process of installing the first executive board of the ecb exceeded our worst fears , displaying a totally undesirable degree of short-sightedness and opportunism . esecutivo
a majority of our group has voted against all the executive board members nominated , because they consider that the monetary policy and the central bank practice that all these candidates stand for , with some subtle differences in mr padoa-schioppa 's case , are unacceptable and urgently need to be reexamined . esecutivo
we are convinced that clearly and precisely formulated differences - as reflected in our amendments , which were rejected by a majority of this house , and also in our voting pattern - are the right starting point for the discussions to be held with the executive board of the ecb over the next few years . bce
the logic of this explanation also applies to the following votes on the nomination of the ecb executive board members . esecutivo
if the commission is serious about its anti-smoking policy then it would serve itself and the european public better by concentrating on education programmes rather than seeking publicity by ill-conceived and badly executed means . concepiti
mr president , that part of mr alban 's text which is devoted to economic and monetary union , and on which i congratulate him , takes on a new dimension following the designation of the 11 countries which will take part in economic and monetary union , and the european parliament 's approval of the composition of the executive board of the european central bank . esecutivo
the promises about a continuous dialogue between the executive board of the european central bank and this parliament strike me as a good and happy example of this . esecutivo
the commission understands this , and the executive board of the european central bank seem to understand this too . sembra
in all parliaments , the risks of communication are political and are therefore a matter for the democracy and authority of their executive . esecutivo
a committee on european information was proposed by the rapporteur as a kind of executive of the communication policy . esecutivo
terminating good programmes unfortunately does not make up for poor programme execution , in fact quite the reverse , for even greater damage is inflicted . stessi
the sudanese government has an appalling record of ruthless repression in north and south alike , apart from its military operations : imprisonment , torture , execution and the use of terrorism against its own and neighbouring peoples . giustiziato
madam president , arbitrary arrests , death sentences , executions , removal of organs , this is the terrifying scenario which must , with the utmost urgency , cease in china . esecuzioni
executions of prisoners are increasing all the time , with 2100 executions in 1995 according to amnesty international . NULL
death sentences are being carried out to order and the condemned persons are being executed in such a way that certain organs remain unaffected , so that they can be turned into cash . smerciare
the number of death sentences , the executions and the methods used are treated as state secrets . pene
mr president , in burma , too , people are being executed . eseguita
from all appearances , this is actually another form of death sentence , or execution , which is being implemented . esecuzione
moreover , the burmese army takes tough action against ethnic minorities and also executes people without any form of trial . durezza
we would like to urge the burmese government to abolish the death penalty , and , in any case , to stop the executions , whether or not these follow a sentence . esecuzioni
the question of the death penalty , and particularly the legal and administrative conditions governing executions , has been addressed in the context of this dialogue , and will continue to be raised in the future . esecuzioni
let us hope the military junta continues along these lines , and at least does not decide to execute these six prisoners . giustiziare
we have opened the door to the single currency with a large majority and , again with a large majority , we have approved the executive board of the european central bank . direttivo
however , as a militant and firm believer in european federalism , i would say that until the institutions provide parliament with real legislative power , we will have to encourage similar encroachments by our house on the executive role . esecutiva
this will allow the commission better to exercise its executive powers and will also make it easier for parliament to control the commission . esecutive
we sincerely hope we will be given the opportunity of sharing in the executive powers - in a spirit of codecision , i might add . esecutivo
the much-acclaimed flexibility demanded by the commission is not synonymous with the whim of the executive . esecutivo
unfortunately we are not yet at that juncture , but allow me to stress that , through close cooperation between the parliament , in particular its committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , and the executive committee , we were able to get the support of parliament even under the present institutional system - you are bearing witness to that this evening - and to provide parliament with the greatest possible amount of transparent information on ongoing work . esecutiva
it is our responsibility to perform this function effectively and to ensure that our national parliaments are kept fully up to speed with the accountability which we shall exercise over the central bank , its president and executive board . esecutivo
so it is the nation that might delegate powers to brussels and monitor their execution . esecuzione
we therefore support the position of our colleague , mr manisco , who has resigned from the delegation for relations with the united states due to the fact that the next meeting will take place in texas , a state which has the dubious honour of having executed 10 people since march . giustiziato
in particular , this resolution commits all those states that have not yet abolished the death penalty to - and i quote - " gradually limit the number of offences that carry the death penalty , to impose a moratorium on executions with a view to the final abolition of the death penalty and to publicize information about the application of that penalty ' . esecuzioni
let us hope that this initiative on the part of this house may help to make this century not just the century of state crime , of the destruction of law organized and executed by organs of the state , but also a century of legal regeneration . messa
mr president , a recent ruling of the court of justice has raised serious questions about the execution of the community budget , both in 1998 and beyond . esecuzione
in brief , the court insists that funds for significant community action can only be executed if there is both an entry in the budget and a prior adoption of secondary legislation , that is a so-called ' legal base ' , authorizing the action itself . esecuzione
from that it can be derived that pilot projects , preparatory measures and studies to prepare or update legislation can be executed without a legal base . siffatto
in this situation , once the ruling of the court had become available , the commission had no choice but to suspend temporarily the execution of all budget lines of the 1998 budget without a legal base and to examine as quickly as possible whether they can still be executed in the light of the ruling of the court . esecuzione
thus execution has resumed of some ecu 240m ; for the rest the examination continues and the commission should take its decision on 14 july 1998 . esecuzione
fortunately , the legislation for the european voluntary service has now been concluded ( after two years ) and the execution of the programme can resume shortly . esecuzione
the common opinion is that it essentially helps the work of the commission in the execution . esecutive
the council did not accept the legal base but when the commission decided to execute that legal base , members of parliament attack the commission . criticata
this commission has been in office since january 1995 and we must remember that these budget lines were executed in 1995 . esecuzione
we try to analyse all the budget lines now in the spirit of the court ruling so that we have a right to execute pilot projects and preparatory actions . esecuzione
when the court does not accept our interpretation about a certain amount of money , we cannot insert a new sum because it says clearly that a small sum is not a sufficient condition to execute a budget line as being not significant . esecuzione
the fact that 90 budget lines are at present not being executed is shameful for the development of civil society . esecuzione
finally , concerning the financing of the common foreign and security policy , with regard to the line for urgent actions ( b8-015 ) , appropriations proposed in the preliminary draft budget for 1999 have been increased in the light of the relatively swift execution in the first months of 1998 . esecuzione
i am not just an advocate of duty-free because i want to make it easy for executives with money to spend to buy luxury goods on business trips . dirigenti
i hope that in a later report we will be able to note better execution of the project , and that by then the implementation of the projects you mentioned will have been improved . risultati
secondly , the list of incompatible mandates should be extended to include any mandate that involves a legislative or executive function . esecutiva
this house , the europeans ' parliament , the european parliament , by taking part in the appointment of the executive board of the european central bank and by holding hearings whose value has been acknowledged on all sides , has exercised a significant democratic control function . esecutivo
if this clear division between the council as executive and legislature is not recognized and this leads to a lack of clear guidelines , then you can decide whatever you want about subsidiarity , but it will not make any difference . distinzione
in its meeting so far the european central bank has been concerned with many organisational issues , such as the allocation by the executive board of responsibilities amongst its members and the establishment of a new structure which suits the tasks of the ecb . esecutivo
so , at a centralised level , the execution of the decisions to be taken will - not entirely , but to a very large extent - be left to the national central banks but under the close and watchful eye and guidance of the ecb . esecuzione
in general , although the figures are not references , the system is such that the salary of a member of the executive board of the ecb is about 10 % higher than the highest director-general 's salary at the european commission . esecutivo
my salary as president is 40 % higher than the salary of an executive director . esecutivo
there are increasing quantities of oil in that country , but there are also increasing signs that the peace process is breaking down , young men are being recruited into the army , troops and military equipment are being moved around , artificial war scenarios are being created , summary executions are held , while for some reason i cannot understand the united nations have not yet appointed a mediator in succession to the late maître beye . esecuzioni
with regard to burma , the commission deplores the widespread human rights abuses there , including executions , arbitrary detention of political prisoners and refugees , the forced relocation of shan villagers , combined with the systematic destruction of karen , shan and karenni villages , as well as their food supplies , by the burmese military . esecuzioni
the group chief executive of british petroleum ( bp ) said yesterday that the oil companies would suffer if they continued to dismiss the evidence of climate change . petroleum
the aim is to ensure better preparation for the many important executive decisions entrusted to the commission , through consultation with representatives from the national administrations . esecuzione
it is also clear to me that the parliament must not assume an executive role . esecutiva
it is for the commission to use its initiative and fulfil its responsibilities , studying each individual case and ruling on the legitimacy and appropriateness of adopting an executive decision . esecuzione
i believe that we too have it at heart to improve the legislative mechanism and the mechanism of executive proposal , but it appears to me that even if a few steps forward have been taken with this proposal , the main concerns and requests from the european parliament have been somewhat sidestepped . esecutiva
in particular , i believe that responsibility for the delegation of executive power to the commission and the controls on executive activity should be shared equally by the legislative authority , in other words by the european parliament and the council in the area of codecision . esecuzione
from this point of view , the definition of an executive act which is given in the commission proposal is worrying , because it goes in the opposite direction to respect for the need for a more precise determination of the respective roles : the executive role of the commission , on the one hand , and the legislative role of the council and the european parliament on the other . esecutivo
i think that if confusion remains in the executive sphere which is codified in the new decision , it will be inevitable that the basic acts become increasingly general rules - and this is a risk for everyone , not just the european parliament - and that the committees see their role in the defining of key elements of legislation increasingly strengthened , which is what we are seeking to overcome . esecutivo
this would obviously mean that the commission may have to revoke or change that rule , but it will be able to discuss the most appropriate way of achieving control by the european parliament without this involving any interference in the executive role of the commission or a slowing-down of the executive process in such a way as to prejudice citizens ' rights . esecutivo
this proposal actually provides for the retention of the regulatory committees and does not allow parliament the option to challenge an executive act . precludendo
when numbers are mentioned here , it must be said that the practice currently followed in what are estimated to be several hundred management and regulatory committees , consisting of representatives of the member states and placed alongside the commission to implement legal acts , has led to an unjustifiable mixture of legislative and executive functions and removed the classic separation of powers in the eu 's system , and indeed done so in an unreliable way . esecutiva
we are not so concerned about parliament intervening in the executive , but rather that the council is intervening much more strongly in the executive authority of the commission , and in an unacceptable way . esecutive
we are not able to scrutinize the executive and blow the whistle . esecutivo
the political crisis , resulting from the impotence of the executive , does not therefore date from last summer . esecutivo
there is also a political crisis , with president yeltsin having lost authority , the problem of choosing a prime minister , paralysing opposition between the duma and the executive , and so on . esecutivo
for a long time now in russia , the executive and legislature have been blocking each other , and i can only wish and hope that the new russian government does not have to work in a political vacuum , but that there is a realistic prospect of it obtaining parliamentary support for its work . esecutivo
i would therefore draw to her attention a report by the british health and safety executive about the safety of the dounreay nuclear installation where it says that the team ( health and safety executive ) found many chronic safety problems and , in the fuel cycle area , conditions ranged from the good to the very bad . executive
the discrepancies in the way the legislation is applied in practice undoubtedly have something do so with the commission 's lack of executive power . esecutiva
the proposal to give the commission the executive power it needs and to make the vat committee a regulatory committee will put both in a stronger position and should certainly mean that the implementation of the vat regulations is brought into line in all member states . esecutiva
the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy was right to agree to this , but of course we also need to ensure that we in the house can continue in our role as political watchdog over the executive arm , which is why the amendment proposing an annual report from the vat committee deserves support from all groups . esecutiva
he is now the bogus ruler of an enormous area where nobody respects anybody , where the law is based on summary execution and rifle butt justice , where the civilian population makes the biggest sacrifices , with more than two million refugees and countless dead . sommarie
we in the house have opposed the death penalty for a long time , and for this reason we call upon all three countries not only to refrain from executing the death sentences imposed , but also to amend their laws so as to abolish the death penalty or prevent its introduction . introdurvela
fortunately a great deal of criticism has been voiced within the palestinian community , and it is to be hoped that criticism at home and abroad will persuade mr arafat and his supporters not to allow any more executions to take place and to make appropriate changes to legislation . esecuzioni
so i say that if such an important structure as the european union , in the form in which it now exists , transfers the powers of economic and financial action to an executive which cannot be adequately controlled , that will obviously open the door to corruption . esecutivo
these would include such jobs as police officer , judge or state minister , together with certain top executive posts in the public administration . poliziotto
there were rumours that chinese security advisors were to be installed in the chief executive 's office . amministratore
while the chief executive , tung chee-hwa was somewhat dubious in his response , president jiang zemin was very clear in condemning any influence in hong kong affairs . amministratore
in his visit to brussels last february the chief executive tung chee-hwa said : ' it is up to us , the people of hong kong , to decide for ourselves the further development of the democratic process with the ultimate aim of universal suffrage ' . tung
for the first time the whole of the state executive was able to support the peace agreement . potrebbe
as for the croats , the new member of the state executive , antejelavic , is going to organise a meeting of the party in october in order to reform the hdz . antejelavic
i consider that the budgetary framework which the commission presents for executing such an ambitious project is not adequate and , therefore , in this regard , in the context of agenda 2000 and in the preparation of policies up to 2006 , the commission must review the budget if it wishes to have a consumer policy that is supported by 320 million persons who will thereby also be supporting the construction of europe . esecuzione
and the question is an eminently political one , concerning the role that must be given to smes in the execution of the framework programme and its individual programmes . attuazione
in my opinion , these measures must involve putting kosovo 's entire executive and judiciary powers into the hands of the elected representatives of the people . esecutivo
and the criminals are not simply the police , but the executive bodies , the government , the belgian legal system and the more general legislation prevailing in the european union on asylum , immigrants , foreigners - the very framework outlined by the council of the european union within which that legislation operates . esecutivo
we are alarmed that fundamentalist parties such as jamal-e-islami in bangladesh have been holding demonstrations against mrs nasreen since 14 september and demanding that she be executed . giustiziata
we should remember that since the islamic government came to power in iran , in 1979 , death sentences have been carried out on 200 bahai 'is , but that these stopped in 1992 following international protests - until this summer , that is , because in july another member of this group was executed . uccisi
mr president , we are calling for the death sentence on rocco derek barnabei , due to be carried out on 28 october in the american state of virginia , to be commuted or at least for a stay of execution to be granted . esecuzione
furthermore , the resolution of 3 april 1998 of the 54th un commission calls for a moratorium on executions with a view to complete abolition of the death penalty . esecuzioni
mr president , this year , for the second year in succession , the un commission on human rights passed a resolution calling on those states which still have the death penalty to impose a moratorium on executions with a view to abolishing the death penalty . esecuzioni
but i think we should be starting from the decision of the general affairs council aimed at strengthening the european union 's international action against the death penalty , because these individual cases are increasingly becoming the focus of our determination to urge the united states and the united nations towards a moratorium on executions . the final outcome of such a moratorium must of course be the abolition of the death penalty . esecuzioni
furthermore , the commission deeply regrets the execution of mr ruhu 'llah rawhani on 21 july 1998 . esecuzione
first , contrary to the suggestions in the draft resolution before us today , there is no execution date set in this case and it is likely to be some time before one is set . esecuzione
in our opinion there are ethical , structural and political reasons : ethical , in that the various episodes of waste and sometimes of corruption , nepotism and patronage which have occurred in this increasingly untransparent organisation are notorious ; structural , because the staffing levels and organisation have become elephantine and bureaucratic , hindering rapid and efficient decision-making ; political , finally , because the majority of un resolutions remain dead letters , and they will continue to remain dead letters until there is a proper executive arm or alternative strict sanctions to enforce respect for those resolutions . notori
it would be completely unacceptable to make this extension , with such significant implications for the eu budget , an executive implementing measure within this specific programme , on the basis of confidential contractual arrangements with the national associations . inciderebbe
over this period , kaleidoscope provided support for 420 cultural projects whose development and execution involved some 1500 cultural institutions from the 15 member states , the european free trade association and the countries of central and eastern europe . realizzazione
but , in our opinion , it goes in the wrong direction by trying to confer the majority of executive power on the commission . esecutivo
mr president , in march 1997 you sent a letter to the governor of pennsylvania , tom ridge , about the death sentence passed on mumia abu-jamal and his planned execution . aboujamal
in any case , the commission uses its executive powers to ensure constant consultation with professionals . it does not therefore wish a specific reference to this to be included in article 4 . continue
under the first proposal , which represented the prevailing view in the commission - the predominant ' federal ' body of the eu with extensive executive powers - private citizens were given the right , following a decision by the commission , to go to the national courts and to ask for the adoption of temporary measures , the award of compensation and the imposition of fines . esecutivo
at the same time , and in order to ' prevent the spread of disturbances ' , the member state on whose territory disputes are taking place is transformed into a policing executive body with responsibility for adopting the ' necessary ' suppressive measures to ' remove obstacles , failing which it risks the damoclean sword of being taken before the european court of justice . esecutivo
the commission decided immediately to suspend the execution of med programmes and the contract with artm in order to clarify the facts surrounding the alleged irregularities . esecuzione
in the steel industry journal the metal bulletin of 12 november it said that us steel company executives and trade union representatives met a few days ago with president clinton in order to push their case for exceptional protection against steel imports . siderurgiche
you failed to make it sufficiently clear that the entire discussion over the last few days and weeks has centred on the issue of the 1998 human rights policy . you talked a little about its execution , but you were not able to tell us much about the budget for 1999 . lumi
the further problem with the council 's ideas is the fact that in a whole series of articles in the joint action , it defines itself as the executive authority . esecutiva
here we have ensured that either the commission or the member states are named as the executive authority instead , at least in our report . esecutiva
mr president , we do not wish to see any torture or executions in turkey , and we are therefore grateful for the balanced tone and clear goals set out in mr swoboda 's report . esecuzioni
at the same time , we are entrusting the external representation of economic and monetary union not to the commission , the guardian of the treaties and the executive arm , but to a council presidency - changing every six months - of the euro-11 , a body which does not officially exist and is accountable to no one . esecutore
a case in point is ireland where three of the four members of the national advisory committee , namely jim malone , physicist , nuclear medicine department , st james 's hospital and rpii board member , peter mitchell , department of physics , ucd and rpii consultant , john cunningham , radiation chemist , rpii assistant chief executive , are employed by or otherwise affiliated to ireland 's radiological protection institute and are funded by euratom . rpii
neither the appropriations for phare and tacis - the programmes for central and eastern europe - nor those for the mediterranean countries showed satisfactory levels of execution . eseguiti
imagine , in a private sector company , an executive being granted discharge for its administration when the auditors refuse to testify , as did the court of auditors , to the regularity of the accounts . esecutivo
the problems encountered in the execution of the med and echo programmes need major structural answers to ensure systems are in place to avoid a similar situation arising . esecuzione
the new rules come into effect for the execution of the 1999 budget . esecuzione
it took some time to establish the regulations and the administrative structures to permit satisfactory execution and , as has been said today in the earlier debate , further efforts are still required . esecuzione
on the other hand , things cannot be going too well at home either , if europe is not managing to play a leading role in all these areas ; if it is true - and it is - that the eu still has a tripartite structure for its external activities , each area having its own administrative procedures and separate executive procedures ; if it is true - and it is - that in many cases democratisation is not genuine ; if it is true - and it is - that retired dictators are made to stand trial , esecutive
the amnesty international report is confirmation of this damning picture of torture , unlawful executions and prisoners of conscience being detained in a large number of countries . esecuzioni
mr president , human rights are without doubt the pride of our century , as emerges clearly if we revisit certain questions which punctuate human history , from the one over which socrates pondered during the night preceding his execution : ' what is just ? esecuzione
in the present employment situation , we urgently need a stay of execution for duty-free shops , at least until 2002 , when we shall have euro notes and coins in our purses and wallets . free
in order to implement our plans and ideas , there must be an effective and legitimate executive power , and a legislative power with sufficient means to guarantee its democratic nature . esecutivo
at a time when we are celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of the universal declaration on human rights , in the usa the five-hundredth convict since 1977 , when the death penalty came back into force , is being executed while 3 000 more are on death row . giustiziato
we also appeal to the governments of other countries , saudi arabia in particular and turkmenistan , to abolish the death penalty and immediately commute their decisions on executions . morte
finally , the european commission and the council must insist on the abolition of the death penalty by inserting a special clause in the economic and political agreements they conclude with third countries , to promote an immediate worldwide moratorium on executions until the death penalty is eventually abolished in every country in the world . esecuzioni
1999 must be the year a universal moratorium on executions is established . we cannot keep putting this initiative off indefinitely . esecuzioni
they may be executed within the next few days . eseguita
the risk of being condemned to death and executed correlates with black skin and poverty . giustiziati
as the international community celebrates the 50th anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights , the united states is approaching its 500th execution since 1977 , continuing to use a barbarous and inefficient method , once described by albert camus as genuine administrative murder . esecuzione
since his application for a re-trial was rejected by the supreme court in philadelphia , he could be executed at any moment . giustiziato
all the demonstrations , all the stands that have been taken , all the resolutions we have so often passed in this very house , are helping to prevent his execution . esecuzione
in adopting the joint resolution supported by our group , we are strongly expressing our determination to save mumia abu-jamal by preventing his execution and to abolish the death penalty . esecuzione
if one is wrongly convicted and executed , it is regrettably then too late for an appeal . giustiziata
i would urge members to support this resolution , particularly the call on the united nations to support a universal moratorium on executions as a prelude to abolition itself . pena
there is considerable doubt as to his guilt , and someone else has claimed responsibility for the murder . if he is not helped soon , he may be executed like abu-jamal . giustiziato
the executive branch of government is to be empowered to decide on its own authority what is lawful and unlawful . esecutivo
a major weakness in our constitutional arrangements which has been revealed by this current crisis is that , unlike executives in almost any other setting , the european commission has no ability to come to this house and ask for a vote of confidence . escutivi
in any democratic parliamentary process which i know , this sort of thing is part and parcel of normal , robust interaction between the executive and the parliament to which it is democratically accountable . esecutivo
but in a company boardroom , a voluntary organisation or national governments , if the parliament , shareholders or members declared that the executive was financially incompetent , then that executive would surely be entitled to know whether it had the confidence of that parliament , those shareholders or members , and there would be a procedure by which they could ask for a vote of confidence or otherwise . esecutivo
mr president , mr santer , mr president-in-office , under your presidency everything is now clear : we have a single currency , which germany wanted , a central bank in frankfurt , with senior executives straight from the bundesbank , a foreign policy in the balkans inspired by germany , and an opening-up towards the east , which will benefit germany in terms of geopolitics . bundesbank
without a civil , legitimate authority , that is to say a regional parliament , with an executive and a legislature , a police force , a judiciary , without this substantial , political , democratically legitimated authority in the province of kosovo , there is simply no chance of establishing a sustainable peace process . esecutivo
although it is true that the sad affair of fraud and misappropriation of european taxpayers ' money , underlined by the refusal of this house to grant discharge for 1996 , is currently casting dark shadows over the community 's whole executive , it must nevertheless be brought to public attention . esecutivo
but it is clear that the aim of the amsterdam treaty is that neither the council nor the european parliament should be in a position to alone appoint the executive without taking account of the position of the other institution . esecutivo
if the people 's representation within the european union now acquires the right to have a determining say in the appointments to the highest offices of the executive of the european union , it will also acquire considerably greater influence on commission policy . esecutivo
how can a parliament downgrade its own election into the quasi-election of an executive ? esecutivo
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , during this unusual week the european parliament is taking a twofold position on its executive . esecutivo
there is no visible consequence of the vote on the executive . esecutivo
to go that one stage further would add a new dimension to the european elections , make them more understandable to the public and have a visible effect , at least on the chief executive . esecutivo
the danger is that a majority in parliament feels bound to support everything that the commission it has elected wants to do - just as many of our national parliaments feel bound to support their executive , come what may . governo
the task of the romanian administration is simplified by the fact that romanian executive officials have already received intensive training under the phare programme . dirigente
the european commission is after all an executive , and in principle it thus has no responsibility for making policy . esecutivo
the president of the european commission does not have to be elected on the basis of a political programme , since the commission , as i say , is the executive arm of the council and parliament . esecutivo
in this way we are able to see the gradual emergence of a european union with an executive body , namely the commission , which will be formed by two legislative institutions . one of these institutions , namely parliament , will represent the citizens , and one will represent the member states , namely the council . esecutivo
with the implementation of the amsterdam treaty , it is obvious that neither the council nor parliament will be capable of forming their executive body without first taking into account the position of the other . esecutivo
parliament has also just received the second annual report by the executive committee and the joint supervisory authority . esecutivo
i reject the trap of the socialist text , which aims to do nothing less than exonerate the commission of its serious errors and ensure that the executive remains in place , and i think that we should not hesitate to make the commission face up to its political responsibilities , which it has so far cunningly shirked . esecutivo
i believe that both humanitarian aid in general and the specific projects are a very important asset to the suffering population , as well as a good and vital contribution by the european union , by the commission , parliament and the council - the budgetary authority and the executive . attuazione
these were not indiscriminate massacres : the paramilitaries had lists of names - in particular community activists and leaders - and executed the people on those lists . uccidevano
executions are common , the tibetans are oppressed and taiwan is subject to blatant threats from beijing . NULL
finally , there is a commitment on the part of the argentinian presidency to strengthen political control of the process by holding ad hoc meetings at ministerial level in the enlarged executive committee between annual meetings of the conference of the parties . esecutivo
this not only contravenes the provisions of the treaty , but indirectly prepares the ground for a substantive transfer of compulsory expenditure to national budgets - with no prior opinion from the national parliaments - for policies and decisions adopted by the ec executive . insaputa
furthermore , there is no good reason why the european council should play a less central role ; nor would it be legitimate for the commission to develop into a ' european executive ' , as envisaged in mr bourlanges 's proposal . governo
there is currently a lack of transparency in the european union due , for the most part , to the dual nature of the council , which can meet as an executive body and as a legislative body . esecutivo
mr president , the bourlanges report subscribes to the view that the council should become a second house representing the member states and that the commission should gradually develop into a genuine european executive . esecutivo
is there confusion between the institutions that have an executive role ? esecutive
i entirely agree with the rapporteur 's opinion about the council 's dual executive and legislative role . governo
and in this respect , i understand the comments made by mr saint-pierre to the effect that the council cannot merely be the sum of the national executives . governi
in my opinion , this dual role - legislative and executive - is only possible from an institutional point of view if we also have a strong commission . the commission must be able to carry out its full role and exercise its right of initiative as well as monitoring the application of community law and , where possible , its implementation . governo
we also call on the united states , and in particular the authorities of the state of texas , to abolish the death penalty immediately and to sign up to a worldwide moratorium on the execution of death sentences . esecuzione
madam president , during december 's part-session , the american delegation led by angela davis , who had come to prevent mumia abu-jamal from being executed , alerted us to the fate of leonard peltier . esecuzione
we also welcome the adoption by the un human rights commission on 2 april 1998 of a resolution which calls for countries that have not yet abolished the death penalty to apply a moratorium on the execution of death penalties with a view to abolition . esecuzioni
the commission is greatly concerned about the rising number of executions taking place in the united states . condanne
nevertheless , we should still give them a chance , but turkey should not be allowed to regard a positive vote as another victory and as a ratification of its current policy of arbitrary executions which are attacks on freedom of expression . perpetra
it is our belief that it is a legitimate prerogative of this parliament to debate , to suggest and to question actions taken by the executive in foreign affairs , be that the commission or the council . esecutivo
the commission bears the overall political responsibility for budget execution and for the fight against fraud . esecuzione
i want to say very clearly that the commission is no longer be prepared to accept ever-increasing tasks without receiving the means to execute them . silenzio
article 11.1 of the protocol on the statute of the escb and of the ecb provides that no member of the executive board of the european central bank shall engage in any occupation , whether gainful or not , unless exemption is exceptionally granted by the governing council . esecutivo
the protocol thus prevents the members of the executive board , in the interests of independence , from receiving remuneration for any activity other than as a member of the executive board . esecutivo
it is not up to the council to lay down the terms and conditions of employment of the members of the executive board , which under article 11.3 of the protocol are the subject of contracts with the ecb and are fixed by the governing council on a proposal from a committee of six members , three of whom are appointed by the council . esecutivo
nonetheless , given the exceptional political and social circumstances prevailing in bosnia-herzegovina at the present time , the commission will keep the competent bodies of both parliament and the council regularly informed of developments , including the actual execution of the assistance programme , which i think the honourable member particularly emphasised . esecuzione
the commission is also empowered by the treaty and secondary legislation to perform executive functions . esecutivi
every future reform must focus on strengthening the democratic control and legitimation of the executive and legislative branches of the european tier of government . esecutivi
it is a procedure and process that is not unknown in any of our countries , in order to look from time to time at the culture which permeates administrations and executives in each country . esecutivi
the commissioners ' argument that they were not aware of problems which were well known and known even at the highest level in their departments is tantamount to an admission that the political executive is no longer in control of the administration it is supposed to head . ammissione
but we must focus here on our remit of exercising scrutiny over the institutions , and in that respect it is our duty to exercise full scrutiny over the executive , the commission . esecutivo
it will be essential in future to provide for greater and more effective control of the commission , in view of the concentration of both legislative and executive powers in that body . esecutivo
there is no doubt that the commission is unprincipled because it is neither one thing nor the other - half government executive , half administrative commission - and because all it does is to build a gilded cage around people , trapping them with increasingly interfering regulations and directives gilded with subsidies and patronage . esecutivo
in a democratic system , the commission must be the council 's executive and nothing more than that . esecutivo
imprisonments , disappearances , executions and torture are an everyday feature of turkish warfare , with thousands of villages burned down and millions of refugees made homeless . esecuzioni
because of the very complicated timetable , it will be months before the european union gets a new executive . esecutivo
the results of the recently held local and regional elections have been declared invalid and , following the dissolution of the national assembly , the military have taken over legislative and executive authority . esecutivo
it must become merely the executive arm of the council . esecutivo
mrs bennasar 's amendments , which were supported by the committee on women 's rights , give more weight to the involvement of ngos in the execution of the daphne programme . bennasar
the aim of the motion of censure , under parliamentary law , is to demonstrate that an executive has lost the confidence of the majority of parliament or , if the motion is rejected , that it still has that confidence . esecutivo
it is clear that in this case the possible rejection of a motion of censure could in no way have the effect of restoring confidence in the executive , and it would serve no purpose . svuotata
interviews with displaced persons by the osce 's kvm representatives and the united nations , and also national interviews such as by the german armed forces in the camps , paint a shocking picture of mass executions , rape , plundering and the systematic destruction of kosovar albanian houses and property . esecuzioni
unfortunately , thousands of new refugees are being driven into neighbouring countries every day by milosevic 's henchmen , having been displaced within kosovo itself , and women are being raped and men executed . esecuzioni
it distinguishes autonomous pilot and preparatory actions and thus provides a reliable base for the decisions of the budgetary authority and for uncontested execution of the 2000 budget . incontestata
i agree that the community institutions require adequate human resources to be able to execute their new tasks properly . aspettano
there can be no real democracy where there is no real parliament , nor can there be a real parliament if it does not cause the executive a certain amount of anxiety and inconvenience . esecutivo
in relation to our foreign policy and our policy towards the united nations , the european union must make progress and speak out on two key issues : the ratification of the statute of the permanent criminal court and the moratorium on capital executions , which was requested through a vote by the united nations commission in geneva . chiesta
the legislative arm must have complete freedom to monitor the executive arm . esecutivo
our aim was to make sense of what is really a labyrinth of delegated powers and create something that in fact concerns all of us , namely transparency , clear separation of legislative and executive powers , and democratic control . esecutive
we also agree with the idea of having greater clarity about the scope of executive measures set out in the basic legislation itself . esecuzione
however the current formulas devised by the negotiators would be acceptable to the commission provided that there is no double safety net or contrefilet which would give the council the means of rejecting a proposed executive measure . esecuzione
to come back to my main point , i think that the schengen executive committee has therefore been replaced by the council . esecutivo
the commission or the schengen executive committee ? esecutivo
the commission , which already has a monopoly on initiative , would thus seize executive power in europe to become the government of the european union , with the council being reduced to the role of a second parliamentary chamber , making decisions by majority . esecutivo
mr president , a few days ago i received a letter from a committee set up in support of a campaign to save the life of greg sommer , one of so many people condemned to death and awaiting execution . esecuzione
something of me stayed in that prison in greene , where 111 prisoners out of 600 were awaiting execution . esecuzione
in my view , the commission has a final chance to prove itself the clean , efficient and effective executive that the european union needs and that its citizens deserve . esecutivo
should the prodi commission fail , then i fear that the european council will execute a coup d 'état and deprive the commission of its right of initiative and its important role as the promoter of european union .  
this is assuming that there will not be an irrevocable decision on mr öçalan , especially an execution . esecuzione
it seems to me unacceptable that the commissioners can be the executive of the eu without having the responsibility that goes with it . esecutivo
as an immediate development , the control of technical assistance organisations is being made more rigorous and specific , and radical reform will ensure clear definition of the core public service functions of commission officials and effectively supervised and accountable management of executive agencies . esecutivi
by offering him our trust , we are establishing an umbilical cord which completes the legitimacy of the commission as the responsible executive in democratic terms . esecutivo
what we have heard from the commission in parliament has not been a useless act and a worthless spectacle at all , they have been particularly necessary and you yourself have been completely right to demonstrate to us in the last week that elsewhere in parliament the executive has not got around to issuing any detailed clarifications . esecutivo
perhaps in this there would be a model also in relation to other parliaments and executive bodies . esecutivi
the european commission , the executive body of the european union , was designed to serve the interests of the main european financial and industrial groups in international competition . esecutivo
an attempt to change this would mean turning the commission into a merely executive body . esecutivo
this programme will be met with some apathy and reactions as regards the wording and the actual execution of it . esecuzione
well , 15 executives come to brussels , perform the function of a legislature in brussels , and finally travel back home to their capital cities and then implement the laws enacted by the council alone , which is to say , the executives in this way , as the practise has been until now , increasingly exclude the national parliaments - as can be seen so clearly in the case of europol and the materialisation of the europol convention - and do not transfer the legislative function to the european parliament . NULL
there is then an obvious difference , whether an executive body or the administration work on the fundamental rights , or whether a parliament does this . esecutivo
the executive is again being strengthened at the expense of the legislature . esecutivo
i believe we must do all in our power to defend the commission ' s right of initiative , otherwise it will be no more than a mailbox , a merely executive body . esecutivo
this " final examination " of the future college of the executive body before the elected representatives of the citizens of europe is an important phase in the democratisation of the european institutions which the socialists have made their key issue . esecutivo
the main thing is , in my view , to find once more a credible partner , putting an end to this interminable state of transition , and enabling the european executive to resume its onerous duties and finally make progress , in close consultation with the members of the european parliament , on the crucial matters of concern to europe and its citizens . esecutivo
indeed , since general eyadema seized power , there have been constant violations of human rights : executions , cases of torture and arrests . esecuzioni
the refugees are fleeing a brutal offensive by the talibans ( villages razed to the ground , summary executions and mass graves , the abduction of women , etc . ) . esecuzioni
mr president , we believe that it is particularly important that in the debate on the budget , amendments have now been approved in committee which support the commission and ask it to back the campaigns and actions in favour of the moratorium on executions and , in the long term , the abolition of the death penalty . esecuzioni
because this house has often made commitments on specific issues and has had successes , alongside defeats , as regards the commutation or stays of executions . esecuzioni
at the very moment we are debating in this chamber , thomas ridge , the governor of pennsylvania , is probably issuing and signing the order for his execution . esecuzione
as has happened in the past , when this house , the council , various heads of state and world public opinion mobilised to obtain a stay of execution , we once again have to do everything in our power to save the life of this victim of racist hatred and of an egregious perversion of justice . esecuzione
having spent 17 years on death row , moumia is now at the mercy of an execution order which the governor of pennsylvania can legally sign at any time . esecuzione
the shock that this produced in public opinion and the resulting powerful international mobilisation , in which this parliament took full part , already prevented the implementation of the first execution order , signed on 2 june 1995 . esecuzione
i do not want members to be exempt from all monitoring or not to be subjected to any sort of questioning regarding their activities including their activities as a member of parliament in the execution of their mandate , but i am afraid that this agreement may allow some uncertainty to remain and may entail precisely this parallel nature of the roles if we proceed in an over-hasty way , just like the events of recent months , and do not take a step back . esercizio
will you ask why instances of forced disappearance , extrajudicial execution and sexual abuse have been excluded from that law . esecuzioni
it is the first budget in accordance with the new financial perspective and institutional harmony will depend very much on its efficient execution , and without that harmony - and i would like to underline this - it will be very difficult to implement a genuine european policy . evidenziarlo
i hope that the european parliament will follow the rapporteur ' s statement and that the executive commission and the council will accept the consequences of this . esecutiva
today the european parliament , the executive commission and the council have to take on the responsibility for opening a broad , thorough debate in full view of the european taxpayers . esecutiva
i would like to thank all those involved in the budgetary procedure for their work , which had to be executed with very little room for manoeuvre and was intended to send out a message to all the citizens of europe . muoversi
let me end by insisting on the specific position of the liberal group which calls for , after the transitional period of two years , the publication of votes , the various positions taken in the meetings of the executive board and the macroeconomic models , which i believe would allow more convincing and accurate forecasts to be made by those whose operations relate to the european central bank . esecutivo
moreover , parliament must , with increasing commitment , perform that function of acting as a counterbalance to the executive , that is , the commission , which is a characteristic of all modern democracies . esecutivo
a very thorough discussion took place with the executive commission , especially with regard to amending the legal basis and therefore making the adjustments implied in the proposal to the original proposal . esecutiva
this plant is actually obsolete , according to the distinction outlined by the executive in agenda 2000 , where nuclear plants are divided into three categories : soviet type or obsolete plants which must be dismantled because they are dangerous , other plants that need to be repaired to allow them to reach safety levels acceptable to the union , and a tiny number of western type plants which can remain active provided their safety level remains high in the long term . esecutivo
this news is very welcome , as it means that the good friday agreement can be fully implemented and government structures or an executive set up . esecutivo
we certainly cannot accept that the eu executive should now be preparing for another intergovernmental conference whose essential aim is to shift power from the voters and their elected representatives to behind the closed doors of offices in brussels . esecutivo
as proposed in the dehaene report , the council of ministers would be divided , as part of this process , into an executive council of ministers , which could meet behind closed doors , and a legislative council of ministers , which would have to meet in public . esecutivo
and i agree with those who say that the constitutional aspects in the treaty should be separated from those components relating to the executive . attuazione
madam president , i should like to ask you to protest vehemently on behalf of all of us at the savage and brutal public execution on tuesday of a mother of seven children by the taliban regime in kabul . esecuzione
that is the classic principle of the independence of the mandate that has been fought for over many centuries , particularly as protection from the executive . esecutivo
only then can we exercise control within the meaning of parliament vis--vis the executive and we should not ruin this by linking everything - whether officials , the executive or the members of parliament in one and the same article . esecutivo
3 - consequently , it accepts , by giving the commission carte blanche to propose it , a redistribution of the weighting that each state holds in the wake of what can already be seen in the administrative and operational organisation of the community executive , which threatens the historical and constituent principle of the european project which has always successfully stood firm on there not being proportionality between population and the weighting of votes . esecutivo
according to amnesty international , there are 3,500 prisoners waiting for execution in the united states , where 68 prisoners were executed last year . morte
in the same way , iran , which executed 66 people last year , would have us believe that the dozens of students arrested and the 13 jews , were spies . NULL
the mobilisation of international opinion , as we have seen , prevented the execution of mumia abu-jamal , scheduled for 2 december . esecuzione
but , for the time being , there has only been a stay of execution . rimandata
we must now seek to have the order of execution revoked definitively . definitivo
however , mr president , what is serious - and his case is serious enough as it is - are not the conditions of this trial , nor the fact that the united states holds the tragic and regrettable record for executing people who are later proved to be innocent . esecuzioni
only last year , 1,625 prisoners in 37 different countries were executed , and there are thousands on death row . giustiziati
in the united states alone , several thousand people are waiting to be executed . esecuzione
some of the prisoners condemned to death throughout the world have committed odious crimes , but that does not justify their being executed . esecuzione
all too often , the death penalty is used for political purposes , and there can be legal confusion and innocent people can be executed . giustiziati
it names three citizens who , over the next few days , are to be executed in the united states . giustiziati
mr president , every year hundreds of human beings are executed in the world - often in the so-called civilised world - at the hands of other human beings . giustiziati
in 1998 it was noted that there were at least 1,625 executions in 37 countries and almost 4,000 death sentences in another 78 countries . esecuzioni
every year an unknown number of people are declared innocent after being executed . esecuzione
we will never know how many innocent people there were amongst the approximately 7000 prisoners executed in the united states of america during this century . giustiziati
according to amnesty international , for every six prisoners executed since the restoration of the death penalty in the united states , one innocent person was condemned to death and later pardoned . giustiziati
that should be our ambition : that nobody can execute any human being ever , in any part of the world , for any reason . giustiziare
as other members have said , it is a terrifying fact that many innocent people have been executed . giustiziate
and we also take up the case of a person who is mentally ill , who was about to be executed and who has been spared . giustiziata
it seems to us an enormous and terrifying cruelty that anybody should consider executing ill people of this type and that people should be kept in prison for 21 years , as is the case with a canadian who was due to be executed and , half an hour before his execution , had his appeal accepted in court . giustiziare
however , even underage children are executed in the usa and , according to statistics , the criminal justice system operates selectively at the expense of the weakest economic and social groups , especially if they are dark-skinned . vengono
finally , while i am delighted to see that mumia abu-jamal , the victim of the schemes of a corrupt and racist police force , was not executed , i consider that the fight is not yet over , and it is his release that we have to achieve . esecuzione
could you send another letter to invite our northern ireland friends , the executive , to pay a visit to the parliament . governo
madam president , we too welcome the peace in northern ireland and the new executive which has been established . we also join mr valdivielso in expressing our concern about eta ' s threat to return to violence . governo
i am taking this opportunity to ask you , the president of parliament , the president of the council and the commission , to take urgent action in making an appeal to the united states to suspend the execution of derek rocco barnabei , because the battle against capital punishment is a battle for civilisation which must be fought every time it is necessary and in every way possible . esecuzione
this house should call on turkey to comply with the judgement of the european court of human rights , which is incompatible with the execution of öçalan . esecuzione
mr president , i would like to point out that just yesterday , here in strasbourg , the european court of human rights accepted a request for a stay of execution for öçalan whilst it examines the case . esecuzione
in turkey , a great deal of pressure is being exerted by various parties and groups on turkish society to demand the execution of öçalan . esecuzione
we are doing this on the eve of the helsinki european council , where turkey ' s possible application to join the european union will be decided , and we are doing this in a context in which we have seen mr abdullah öçalan ' s death sentence confirmed by the turkish supreme court , followed by a request for a stay of execution from the european court of human rights and a declaration by the turkish authorities , delivered by prime minister ecevit , that they would prefer the legal process to be completed , including the appeal by succeduta
as much as i welcome and am grateful for the content of the morillon report , i think that we must send out a strong signal by postponing this decision until the turkish government confirms the stay of execution and begins talks to find a solution to the kurdish question . morte
without wishing to betray confidentiality , i can go so far as to say here that my impression is that , while the proceedings in strasbourg are under way , the turkish government does not want , under any circumstances , to take a decision on the execution ; their strategy is rather to use the time gained by the proceedings in strasbourg to abolish capital punishment in turkey . esecuzione
it is true that the convention ' s executive body , helcom adopted the changes on 29 march 1998 and that the parties to the treaty were given the deadline of 1 january 1999 to produce changes . esecutivo
however , that will not stop us continuing to condemn the repression of this regime , which was inherited from the military dictatorship in 1980 and which today threatens to execute öçalan and refuses to allow the kurdish people self-determination . giustiziare
the commission has not exceeded its executive powers by proposing these regulations . esecutive
i welcome signals that abdullah öçalan 's death sentence may be lifted ; but the eu must make clear that if he is executed , accession negotiations cannot proceed . esecuzione
if countries at a climate conference reach an agreement , then it is understood that every effort is made to reach sound implementation and execution . implementarlo
we want to have as good a relationship with the future chief executive of the special administrative region as we have had with my friend the present governor . amministratore
i would like to invite the chief executive to pay an early visit to brussels ; and it would also be good to welcome the chief executive of the hong kong special administration here when he can manage it or , alternatively , his internationally renowned deputy . amministratore
i would like to say that i am sure the best wishes of parliament go to his successor , the chief executive , who has a difficult job , but one which i am sure he will carry out to the very best of his ability . amministratore
as far as we are concerned , regions which have sovereign power , based on their own constitution , should also be able to execute it within europe . poterli
at the moment , two european union citizens are on death row , a spaniard in yemen and an italian in the usa , a mr barnabei , who is due to be executed in the year 2000 . eseguita
we have stated in this house that they is no such thing as a just death penalty , that no human being may condemn to death or execute another human being , that there is no recourse to any law , to any sovereignty , to the independence of any state , which can justify this violation of life itself . giustiziare
the public execution of zaarmeena , the obligation to wear the burka , the denial of the right to healthcare and education for women are but a few examples of the flagrant violations of human rights committed in that country . NULL
the european parliament , which is always sensitive to the cause of human rights , cannot remain inactive in the face of the greatest violation of these rights : the systematic discrimination and violence which women are today suffering in afghanistan of which the public execution of zaarmeena is just one tragic example . esecuzione
