we are dissatisfied with the fact that those figures seem to have been in some way hidden within uk figures . cifre
for example , the figures for last year now show that the total value of mergers in the european area was eur 1.4 trillion , which is seven times the level of merger activity at the peak of the last european merger boom in 1990 . cifre
like the rapporteur , i deplore the fact that the figures given in the report do not cover all state aid . dati
however , it seems that none of the member states meets this figure due to a lack of inspectors . percentuale
we have set a figure of usd 180 million ; in the united states they are talking about usd 1 billion as a maximum ceiling for covering claims payments . massimale
the report also comments that in greece there are no plans for medium to long-term measures aimed at reducing employment tax and insurance charges , or for the satisfactory use of european social fund resources to support employment policies , and , in addition , that there are no exact employment figures . dati
do we have any figures ? cifre
i do not have exact figures , but the community ' s budgetary discipline and the associated implementing provisions apply to almost 100 different areas of responsibility of the financial controller , to his or her independence and the tasks assigned to this office . calcolo
let me just look at the figures from the day that the agreement was signed . cifre
in our contacts with senior political figures amongst the kosovo albanians , we have stressed - and the portuguese prime minister did this very recently - that persecution of the serb population , the romany population and other ethnic groups is totally unacceptable . come
any analysis of economic development in recent years , if objective , will show , through the figures , that they have no political colour or orientation . cifre
i assume that , although the exact number of businesspeople included in this figure is not known , their number will most definitely not be low . cifra
i would like to point out to mrs albright that what we have read recently in the press is true , and that figures do not lie . cifre
mr langen mentioned that the implementation budget proposed by the council was initially ff 74 million , whereas the commission proposed 81.1 million , a figure which the european parliament supported . cifra
a second round of conciliation achieved an increase of eur 1.1 million in order to reach this compromise figure of 77 million . 77
obviously , there have been arguments , we had to go to conciliation , as the rapporteur and mr caudron reminded us a moment ago , since at the first meeting no result was achieved , and there had to be a second meeting , despite the fact that the figures were not excessive . cifre
we got an increase of 2 million on their starting figure which was a decisive increase which i can recommend to you and which the commission confirmed that it could implement the programmes under . cifra
this report confirms that whereas an average level of development is given a rating of 100 , the ten so-called " strongest " regions reached an average of 158 , and the ten so-called " weakest " regions reached a figure of around 50 . raggiungono
however , i can confirm that the principle of equal opportunity and equal treatment between men and women will certainly be included among the rights guaranteed by the future european charter of fundamental rights . this is because this principle already figures among the rights guaranteed by the ec treaty and by secondary legislation and because it undoubtedly constitutes a common constitutional tradition in the member states . figura
eur 850 million - assuming that such a figure is actually agreed - believe me , is not enough , in practical terms , to allow any type of project to be carried out . finanziamento
i should therefore like to discuss something more general and begin with a couple of , in my view , useful figures . cifre
we ought to throw a big party when the figure reaches 100 % in the near future , which is indeed what the new convention is aiming at . festeggiare
obviously , the fact that parliament has taken its decision so quickly will mean that the march figures can already be calculated on the basis of these new criteria . cifre
the figures will be more reliable and more comparable and i think the concerns some members have raised about compliance with the stability pact can be better addressed . cifre
50 % or more of hospital beds are now occupied by someone suffering with an aids related disease in the countries where aids figures are highest . ferocemente
secondly , i would like to explode a myth , taking as a starting point an apparent paradox , which is clearly highlighted by eurostat figures : the main international tourist countries are not those traditionally regarded as tourist destinations , but on the contrary the most advanced nations , whose quality of life is one of their main attractions and most heavily promoted features . statistiche
a visit to iraq and meetings with the iraqi leaders and leading figures , particularly mr tarek aziz , convinced me that there is actually a possibility of persuading the iraqi government to cooperate in enforcing resolution 1284 . elementi
i also wonder what kind of plans you have to induce governments to ensure that a force of 60 000 troops becomes a reality and not merely figures on a piece of paper . cifra
if we translate this number into figures for the eu countries as a whole , which is not an unreasonable thing to do if no review is to take place , we shall not have 60 000 men but , at best , 35 000 to 40 000 by the year 2003 . calcolo
you perhaps know that , in finland , the president is not just the leading public figure or political leader , but she is also commander-in-chief of the armed forces , so this was quite an interesting and historic occasion . supremo
the current figures reaching us on the extent of the disaster are terrifying , as the commissioner has already said : around one million people homeless and more than one hundred thousand on top of roofs or trees , waiting for a helicopter to come and save them . cifre
i believe that since we have gone that far and we are continuing along that path , which is the route of creating a collective procedure for regulating this type of legal standard in the european union , we should bear in mind that it should not become the allegorical figure of the guillotine . allegoria
when the idea of the single market was launched with some vigour in the 1980s , we could still move towards our destination at the speed of a local steam locomotive , figuratively speaking . vapore
we have had to establish that , despite the many investments being made in structural funds , the unemployment figures still vary greatly . tassi
i am delighted to note that , following the informal discussions which have taken place , it has been possible considerably to increase the amount of the budget , namely from the proposed figure of just over eur 50 million to just over eur 90 million . importo
the rapporteur particularly wishes to highlight the hard work and flexibility shown by all concerned in the search for a consensus on the budget , so that , from an initial figure of eur 9 million from the b7-6201 line , which implied a total of eur 73 million for the whole period , we have reached an agreement that implies the provision of eur 249 million for the next seven years as a whole , starting with the eur 30 million already stipulated in the budget for the year 2000 . dotazione
in this respect , i would suggest that , instead of " by a percentage " , the word " significant " could be incorporated if necessary , to make it obvious that we are not talking about 1 % or 5 % or 10 % , but about a substantial figure . cifra
on the basis that great progress has been made in the past few years , i believe that a great deal still remains to be done , as the death of 42 000 - 43 000 european citizens on the roads is too high a figure and there is still an effort to be made . 000
in this respect , we think it is essential to allow for greater flexibility with regard to the periods of adaptation to the said target levels , given the real difficulty of controlling ozone concentrations when setting figures purely on the basis of the existence of previous data , as is constantly seen in certain climatic conditions , especially , as has just been mentioned , in the mediterranean countries . obiettivo
mr president , a series of quite practical and well-argued and debated figures were arrived at just before christmas at gothenburg under the un / ece protocol , and it seems to me that is the logical place to start . cifre
we should be starting with the un / ece figures , with the gothenburg protocol and revising them as is proposed by mrs myller in her report . cifre
thirty-one million tonnes of municipal waste were incinerated in 1990 and this figure will be in excess of 56 million this year . cifra
finally , i would like to emphasise the figures concerning the international response . cifre
we are talking about uses that have been consolidated throughout history and are now consumed throughout the year , including by non-believers and those who do not practise a religion , and that have left an almost infinitely varied series of main courses based on dried pulses , which undoubtedly increase the consumption figures . volume
on this point the commission can give a clear assurance that , where evidence exists of reduced national expenditure in a given region or regions , it will be particularly attentive with regard to the credibility of the overall figures . cifre
but what is most astonishing is that this figure has risen in the united kingdom by some 40 % since the mid-1990s while across the european union as a whole , it has remained relatively stable . NULL
if a premature review should be necessary , because the social analysis uses different standards , then let it only be in comparison with facts and figures , and let us retain what was successful , i.e. reliability , rather than dismantling agenda 2000 piece by piece until what is left is hardly recognisable . dati
we are not yet at the stage of talking specific figures , not yet at the input stage ; in fact what we are discussing now is the output . numeri
if we now quote a figure of eur 5.5 billion , of course that represents a considerable increase , but it is not an exorbitant increase and is in proportion to past assistance . importo
we have studies , backed up with figures , to show that renewable energies create more jobs than conventional forms of energy . cifre
subsequently , the aid figures will need to correlate with the absolute numbers . importi
in this area , however , what worries me more than the figures - because , unfortunately or fortunately , the necessary funds cannot be provided to respond to emergencies such as kosovo - and what we are looking for is some financial and also administrative mechanism sufficiently perfected to fulfil needs efficiently in an emergency situation . cifre
when i say ' more and more ' , you only have to look at the figures . dati
this brings us to the desire and agreement that the edf , even if it is just in terms of figures , will at least be absorbed into the 2001 budget , so that we in parliament can actually see where the money is being spent . cifre
some say these figures are set to reach 1.6 million next year . 000
mr president , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , on one side of the coin we read that economic growth and employment figures are up , the e-europe action plan is in the pipeline , unemployment is beginning to drop slightly and the economic and employment forecasts are good . europa
they even set a figure : 159 million africans were to be unloaded on europe by 2025 . cifre
there are most certainly a number of countries which are better off , which boast sound growth figures and where the first signs of prosperity are visible , but there are also countries where the situation has dramatically changed for the worse . registrano
if 45 million children in africa have never seen a schoolroom before and if we managed to double the education budget next year - not the budget as a whole but if we simply shifted some figures around - then this would be a welcome bonus . importi
i shall be setting out the figures for our actual disbursements of food aid in ethiopia and eritrea . cifre
in the external aid area , on the other hand , the figures in the financial perspectives would have resulted in a reduction in expenditure next year in comparison with this year and i think that everyone is agreed that this does not really reflect the actual situation and actual requirements . importi
the commissioner also endorsed the statement by commissioner liikanen that in future the commission would be particularly attentive to the spending figures put forward by the member states when there is evidence of reduced expenditure in a given region or regions . dati
as defendants , their rights to a defence , which are fundamental in any rule of law , were violated , particularly by the absence during the trial of rafael marques ' lawyer and by them not being permitted to prove the veracity of the facts as the judge argued that the case concerned the figure of the president of the republic . figura
as for the question of aids , although its urgency is recognised , and aside from a moralising approach , the fine speeches cannot mask the cold reality of the figures , which reflect the fall in eu development aid to africa now that priority is being given to central and eastern europe . cifre
the real figure is more than three times that . cifre
unfortunately , i have to note that , looking at all the figures after the conference , the emphasis has been shifted quite considerably towards reconstruction . cifre
it is true that , in accounting terms , both the cash receipt criterion and the income criterion can be allowed , but it is also true that the former allows for less juggling of the figures intended to distort the true accounts situation of a country . cifre
it is a question of demanding , from now on , greater rigour ; it is a question of demanding that accounting figures reflect the true picture of a country ' s accounts . rifletta
the rapporteur stresses in his report that the objective of the proposal is to arrive at the same figure , regardless of the statistical sources used , and in reality this is our objective . cifra
in response to the concerns of the ppe , i would say that , when asking for the withdrawal of these amendments , logically the commission must commit itself to presenting a proposal at some point to introduce that amendment , which is absolutely coherent , providing for more correct figures , which we hope will be used in the future to calculate the basis of the contribution to own resources . cifre
how can you , from up there , see exactly which people are members and which are staff and what the actual figures are ? esatto
although the funding of these programmes of eur 520m is well below our original demand of eur 980m which is necessary for new member states after enlargement , there will be a possibility of increasing this figure , following extra demands on the budget by enlargement . importo
do you have real calculations and reliable figures for this ? what will the situation be then ? numeri
mr president , firstly i would like to ask you to determine an exact figure and to carry out an electronic check during the roll-call vote so that we know who is here and who is not . conteggio
let me now give you a few figures , for whenever we discuss the budget we must , of course , quote actual figures . NULL
we have heard that the figure of eur 1.8 billion was decided on in berlin . today , as you said , eur 1.4 billion has been decided on , and we keep hearing about the eur 300 million reallocated from the agriculture budget , i.e. the 2001-2002 agricultural sector . sono
i therefore believe that , based on the actual figures , we can make it clear that the farming community need have no fears and that the important decisions taken in berlin , particularly in relation to direct income subsidies for farmers , are not affected by the commission ' s decision . cifre
i would like to remind you that we know that community support for projects carried out during 1996 , 1997 and 1998 has accounted for 30 % of the total , which is a very significant figure . cifra
in the space of about eight years , employment figures have risen by nearly 50 000 and there really has been no evidence of a lasting decline in working conditions unless we look at this in the context of what has happened nationally , which is that national airlines are in a sense being transformed into modern service industries , which is , of course , accompanied by changes in working conditions and their modernisation . numero
these figures are accurate as of 27 april 2000 . cifre
in fact , the commission too has admitted to this , without rushing to attach national identity to the individual figures , individual posts , because we would then be back to square one , as we would be pushing aside the merits of the case and forcing the national flags back into use , which would take each one of us some time to digest . figure
let us forget the figures for a moment and focus on the functions . cifre
mr president , i also want to thank the commissioner for his answer and , in common with other women , request the figures showing how posts are distributed between men and women . dati
since the commission delved into the details on 27 april , perhaps we can be told how many men and women there are in category a posts , not in category a posts generally , but broken down by grade , i.e. a1 , a2 , a3 and so on , for what is interesting is to see the figures broken down in that way . a3
the commission ' s concern , as i see it , that it should be provided with figures for the budgetary debate should not cause any difficulty , since every six months , a report is sent to the budgetary authority on the guarantees covered by the general budget along with an annual report on the management of the guarantee fund . cifre
the committee on budgets has a large number of questions regarding these figures . cifre
these figures are probably still greatly underestimated , and internet imperialism will make them higher still . cifre
the euro-dollar rate impacts favourably on the budget , although certain figures are a cause of concern . cifre
and while i am on the subject of figures , we are talking about approximately 500 000 accidents a year in the european union alone - not counting third countries - where we will be able to settle claims much more easily in the future . cifre
the figure for the budgetary framework suggested by the commission , which is very close to our own proposal , should in any event have arrived at the committee on development and cooperation on time , so that parliament could have approved it and above all with the certainty that , in the event that we had adopted it , the council would also have accepted it . nel
as usual we should make it very clear that we in the development committee regard the budget figure that we have here before us , as purely indicative . importo
but we envisage stabilisation for south africa at the average level of around eur 122m per annum , with a global figure of some eur 850.5m in the period 2000-2006 . importo
my thanks also go to the corresponding departments of parliament ' s administration for their prompt and conscientious preliminary work , without which this set of figures could never have been drawn up . diligente
i nonetheless believe that it is more realistic to proceed on the basis of the somewhat lower figure quoted in the report by the committee on budgets . cifra
even that figure is awfully large , bearing in mind the number of new languages involved . elevata
now to the budget proper : as with every national budget , most of the figures in the european budget for a given year are determined by contracts , by previous decisions in past years and by legal bases in past years . voci
so now a few figures on the overall budget . cifre
i think that this figure clearly illustrates that the preliminary draft budget is in keeping with the overall policy of budgetary rigour , and that the rate of increase in payments as a whole , without agricultural expenditure , is 3 % . NULL
i should point out that this figure for agricultural policy actually makes provision for the draft budget for agricultural policy to remain under the ceiling decided in berlin because the commission proposal includes shifting eur 300 million from the agricultural budget to foreign policy , yet still there is such a high rate of growth for agricultural policy . dato
to sum up , the preliminary draft figures as a whole make provision overall for a rate of increase of 3.9 % in commitment appropriations and 5 % in payments . di
we have already discussed whether these countries are able to absorb this figure in the trialogue debate with the council . cifra
i should point out that the refund was offset but a different figure was obtained because of the rate of the euro to the pound . importo
on the face of it , these relative figures alone , i.e. the percentages , are highly satisfactory . dati
we will need to opt for the commission proposal of eur 5.5 billion in total or move towards the council which is proposing a somewhat lower figure . importo
with an increase in staff , with a new structure and independence , all the conditions are now in place for olaf to concentrate on fighting fraud in an area where the objective and verifiable figures point to a more serious situation . dati
mr president , today we are debating a report which goes much further than the figures on alleged fraud or errors in the community accounts . it demands that the members of this parliament act responsibly . cifre
but before we embark on such a radical decision , we should look at the history , particularly in the united states , of the relationship between security authorities and public figures and recognise that we could overstep the mark by giving such powers to olaf . figure
we are sadly all too familiar with the high figures of road accidents across europe . statistiche
you can see from those figures that it is extremely important that all member states actually meet those objectives and i mean the nine-year objective . dati
that compares with an average figure about twice that for member states - the figure is 5.7 but it goes as high as 9 for some member states and 4.2 for the world bank . cifra
that is an embarrassingly large figure . imbarazzo
in this year ' s recommendations we have taken particular account of the commission ' s own analyses regarding what the margins are , and which benchmarks we are setting in each of the member states to tackle the crisis without exceeding the 3 % public deficit , which is the figure we have established as a reference . dato
basically because they are two completely different types of figure . cifre
in the case of full employment , the figure is the consequence of measures which are intended to achieve an objective , but which do not have a causal relationship which guarantees its objective . dato
when we spoke of full employment in the commission document which served as a basis for the debate in lisbon , we expressly said that if we add the development of the economy in accordance with currently available figures to the various determining factors and policies proposed by the commission , full employment will be achieved . sposi
following the initial defensive response by bnfl , it was only when that report was published that the real scale of the problem emerged , that the falsification of figures had apparently been going on secretly since 1996 . dati
we can put a figure on both our employment objectives as well as on what we take the expression " full employment " to mean , as some of you have suggested . obiettivi
according to the latest figures of the harmonised cpi - published on 15 may and concerning the month of april - greek inflation is improving considerably in comparison to the previous situation : it has decreased from 2.8 % to 2.1 % ; and the unharmonised index also shows better figures for april as compared with march . dati
wage differentials have been sacrificed to indicators and are increasing , and , as a result , the figures are doing well while the people are suffering , however . cifre
the figures speak for themselves : in 1970 , the railways had a 21 % share of the goods transport market ; today they have only 8.5 % . cifre
the european parliament must express a political opinion ; it must speak from the heart and not on the basis of figures ; it must listen to its soul instead of numbers . cifre
this morning i had the opportunity to discuss the greek figures which were issued a few days ago by the greek national statistical service . dati
the eurostat figures were also published this morning . dati
at the moment , the harmonised cpi , in the case of greece , stands at 2.1 % , a drop of 0.7 % on the march figure ; this is a better situation , for example , than certain countries of the monetary union , such as belgium , spain , ireland , italy , luxembourg and finland . dato
therefore , in terms of figures , i believe that we should not worry about the greek situation . cifre
the harsh and tragic figures are there for all to see . cifre
we want , in other words , to make sure that the eu participation in hipc is global and in accordance with the figures in hipc . importi
the 350bn would not be a manageable figure , and also the value for the poorest countries would be watered down if it were shared amongst the less poor middle-income countries . importo
according to the figures made available by the commission , europe is definitely lagging behind the united states . dati
in europe , however , as many people have said , the position of research looks worrying if one looks at the figures . cifre
this is a government whose defence budget has risen by 11 % in a year and which , one day , will have to answer allegations of involvement in the assassination of leading tamil figures and other human rights abuses . tamil
evidently , these figures also highlight the high socio-economic dependency of some community regions on such activity . cifre
the jrc ' s nuclear activities present us , however , with a twofold problem : that of reducing this type of activity , on the agenda now more than at the time the jrc was set up under the aegis of euratom , and the problem of the historical liabilities from nuclear activities involving the matter of decommissioning , at an estimated cost of more than eur 500 million , all told , though there is every possibility that this gross figure has been underestimated , as is generally the case in nuclear matters . importo
these figures are over three times as high as the official figures . cifre
let us state the figures clearly as they are : the figures demonstrate de facto prohibition - prohibition through taxes - a form of prohibition which , like all prohibition , fails . cifre
the figures should be quoted in their entirety and so should documents , especially when one professes to be liberal and comes from an allegedly liberal group . cifre
let me pick up on just one issue , an issue which figured at the centre of all the positions taken here today : the war in kosovo . sollevo
i think it is a fairly typical figure . dato
these figures speak for themselves and are terrifying . cifre
it is almost impossible to conceive of such a huge figure or to think about the social dislocation and misery that will cause . cifra
this does not figure in the directive but , in my experience as an mep , we often hear complaints when we visit smes and large companies alike , that the commission is often far too late honouring the payment commitments which it has entered into in research promotion or other areas . rientra
mr president , the forthcoming summit at santa maria de feira has been preceded by an almost unprecedented number of pronouncements by key governmental figures . rappresentati
and this dissatisfaction is all the greater when you consider that the continuing regional differences , as measured in income per capita , are particularly reflected in unemployment figures . tasso
these figures should lead us to consider the fact that , while the level and quality of life in the poorest regions is increasing , we have not managed to reduce the disparities between the richest and the poorest regions of the european union . dati
so not only was there no opposition , but it was even necessary to resort to fraud in order to obtain the figure of 51 % . voti
i do not want to burden you with figures here , but i will perhaps give you a short extract . cifre
these figures therefore demonstrate just how urgently a properly functioning control system is required . dati
you are avoiding giving the annual figure , which would represent 0.0 something percent , a tiny fraction of the european budget . cifra
the figures for 1998 , in the report drawn up by the european commission services , do not , sadly , indicate any significant improvement , and require vigilance from the outset . purtroppo
( es ) mr president , i share the rapporteur ' s concerns regarding the fact that we are debating a report of this type at such a late hour on a friday , especially given the importance we attach to the application of community law . the figures given by the rapporteur have only compounded our concerns as they are a clear reflection of member states ' failure to apply community law and this report actually incorporates proposals that would force them to do so . cifre
the 1998 figures show that reasoned opinions have doubled in volume , cases of non-conformity or poor application , revealed automatically , have gone up by over 50 % , complaints by 18 % and letters of formal notice by 12 % . statistiche
can you give us these figures , please ? dati
the figures that we see are seeing for save , where there is a significant reduction in the budget for energy efficiency schemes , are a result of the budgetary process last year . NULL
and , bearing in mind the figures that i have just mentioned , does it make sense to discuss the financing of new priorities and to actually question some of the priorities already established , while at the same time returning considerable unutilised sums to the member states ? dati
on the other hand , the implementation figures for programmes outside the european union are very poor and in some cases this is the fault of third countries and in others , the majority of cases , it is the fault of the commission . cifre
however , sincerely , i agree to a large extent with the council ' s criticism that the figures do not seem particularly well founded . cifre
the figure under discussion at present is 3.2 billion , i.e. sixteen times that amount , and it will rightly be refunded , on that i have no doubt . si
the figure of 200 million will then probably be discussed elsewhere .  
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the european transport situation can be summed up using several pertinent figures . cifre
the figures speak for themselves . dati
the share of rail transport , measured in tons per kilometre , has fallen to below 15 % , but even this way of measuring the figures gives too rosy a picture of the situation . misurazione
mr president , firstly i wish to express my satisfaction with the fact that the entire budget has been tightened up and the increase in appropriations amounts to 1.07 % of total gnp for the member states , while the corresponding figure in the budget for 2000 was 1.11 % . 07
nevertheless , this figure would be deceptive if i were not to give two additional figures , or make two additional comments . cifra
i think i am right in saying that 160 nations decided to establish the international criminal court and the statute of the court was approved by about 120 states , so there should be no problem in moving from the 50 who have ratified to the 60 figure which we require in order to move things forward . numero
you yourself referred to some 115 000 or 175 000 tonnes - i cannot find the figures - the final destination of which is unknown . cifra
that is why the figure of 400 million is too low . 400
ladies and gentlemen , i am really embarrassed to have to stand here and say i cannot accept the figure you propose . importo
personally , if i were not speaking as a commissioner , i would consider parliament ' s figure far too low for the objectives we want to attain . importo
as far as definition of the allowance is concerned , it seems that the figure to be considered must be at least 80 % of the previous salary , and that includes for purposes of acquiring pension entitlements . cifra
on tuesday , she tried to make this house believe , wrongly , that regulation 2390 / 1999 prevented her from presenting the figures . cifre
in conclusion , i will say - so much is clear - that we should not introduce confusion between the discharge procedure , which represents an overall appreciation of the management of the european commission as laid down by the treaty , and the handling of a number of isolated matters which , although clearly serious , are still only isolated cases and represent a low figure with regard to the total budget . importi
at the moment , we only see these figures and examples increase , and at the same time , we notice that we are exerting too little pressure , although we have more clout there than we have made use of to date . NULL
we endorse the legislative proposal as a stopgap measure until the end of 2001 , because we do not deny that , according to the figures published , 34 000 firms have been involved as partners , creating over 1 300 joint ventures and 42 000 jobs . dati
this parliament would clearly have preferred the figure of the high representative to be answerable to the commission . figura
nevertheless , for sub-category 1a of the financial perspectives , covering cap market expenditure , the council decided on figures some eur 330 million lower in total than those proposed by the commission in its preliminary draft . importi
this figure is based on the only evaluation of needs currently available , set out in the 1999 world bank report on rebuilding kosovo . fonda
for these the council has kept the commission ' s figure for commitment appropriations . importo
for payment appropriations , the council has adjusted the commission ' s preliminary draft budget figure downward by eur 300 million . ammontare
in other words , for all the council may have recognised the problem , this is not reflected in the budget in concrete figures . cifre
the council ' s declared aim was an increase in expenditure for 2001 of only 3.5 % in comparison with the figures for the current budget . cifre
i place my trust in these important political and legal figures , especially the former finnish president , mr ahtisaari , since he has shown in the past that he is capable of assessing complex situations .  
there are a number of interesting facts and figures . cifre
unfortunately , a figure of only 1 % was achieved in the first year . anno
the participation rate has risen and is now just under 50 % of the figure aimed at . cresciuta
all in all , the protocol has led to a comprehensive redistribution of the costs between the community and the ship owners , since the latter now have to bear 23.5 % of the total costs compared with a previous figure of only 7 % . esiguo
unfortunately , this draft directive makes no mention of policy areas , in spite of the fact that they figure in the commission ' s original draft from 1991 and in spite of the fact that all researchers in this area actually take it for granted that policy areas too must be included in a strategic environmental assessment . vas
parliament ' s suggestion was for a figure of 90 % , which we would like to collect by means of port dues in one way or another . quota
during committee discussions , we took a more lenient approach but , ultimately , decided to start the negotiations with this figure . quota
for a long time , the council had decided neither to incorporate the word " significant " in this sense , nor to include the percentage figure . percentuale
these figures illustrate the interest my country has in a sound immigration policy , and , needless to say , in the important aspect of family reconciliation . dati
in the united states , 40 % of homes had access to that network of all networks known as the internet , whilst in the european union , that figure hardly reached 20 % , and that percentage was only surpassed in a few of the union ' s member states , which were more advanced in terms of technological development . raggiungeva
but i think it is totally unacceptable that there can be a debate using these figures , which have been collated throughout the european union , month by month , category by category , and only the column referring to greece is empty . dati
my group is not at present overly concerned about whether the figure is to be 1 , 3 or 4 decibels , but we should like to make it clear that we want positively to force the tyre industry to act and do more of what is required of them in this area . decibel
in some cases their figures are achievable , in others not . realizzabili
countries with the highest undeclared work may well be recording the highest official unemployment figures , thereby attracting the highest offsetting regional funds . sommerso
it is a complex issue : the percentage is increasing every year in line with the gross domestic product ; we have a remarkably high average of 15 % across the countries of the european union . this figure should make us think . dato
while i welcome the figured objectives that have been set ( by 2006 , 85 % of the weight of vehicles produced after 1980 is to be recycled , re-used or recovered , and 95 % by 2015 ) i regret the hypocrisy of some of the provisions advocated by the pse and supported by the socialist and social-democratic governments . 85
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , two minutes are hardly sufficient to relate the appalling figures which describe events in columbia . cifre
figures published recently by the european agency for health and safety in bilbao suggest enormous variations between member states in the incidence of falls from heights . dati
i believe that the work begun with the european agency for health and safety in bilbao will make a positive contribution to a reduction in the accident figures as we find the answers to these questions and use them constructively . infortuni
yet , the rapporteur himself reminds us how urgent the matter is when he quotes a figure of 500 000 accidents per year in this sphere alone , leading to at least 40 000 cases of seriously injury and around a thousand deaths . rammenta
i do not intend to go further into the facts and figures , as we have already heard a great deal on that score .  
mr president , as the rapporteur ' s fine report points out , the figures recently published by the european agency for health and safety at work , whose headquarters are in bilbao , indicate very differing results in relation to work accidents between the various member states , owing to the fact that the states are not applying uniform statistical criteria . dati
the figures speak for themselves , as the ' black economy ' is equivalent to between 7 and 16 percent of the figure of the gdp of the european union . cifre
it is clear that the aim of this action , as mr fatuzzo has said , is to try to ensure that the figures correspond to reality as far as possible and that there is no underestimation of national public deficits . cifre
madam president , the decision of the danish people on 28 september on participation in the european currency regime will undoubtedly figure at the biarritz european council meeting .  
it is known that in france , for instance , the figure for tax receipts varies according to whether you use the statistics of the direction générale de la comptabilité publique or those of the comptabilité nationale . importo
however , it also notes the fact that we have a ceiling of 1.27 % . we are well below this figure and the governments of our countries are reluctant to even approach it . 27
the figures are impressive . cifre
we should not be blinded by the percentage figures of community law transposed into national legislation . percentuali
to these should be added all the other advantages which cannot be measured in figures or assessed in economic terms . cifre
it is still the case that the most severely disabled barely figure in the labour market . riescono
you quoted a figure of 2.6 % for portugal . cifra
could you give us the figures for spain and greece ? cifre
you asked me to give you the figures for the other countries . cifre
it would be good for the world to be able to see your imposing figure presiding over the house , and a live television programme broadcast at this time of day showing our alluring commissioner would be just the thing . figura
there is of course the support of hundreds of thousands of people - the figure of one million has even been mooted - who are prepared at this moment to put themselves at risk in order to support the opposition and to help mr kostunica against the wishes of mr milosevic . milione
the proposal under discussion contains a target figure of 250 million euros in eib loans for croatia for the period 2000-2007 . stanziamento
i believe that through this budget , we have succeeded in turning this consideration into figures and using it to good effect . cifre
the comprehensive set of figures that i have put before you today , in my capacity as rapporteur , is something to be proud of . sottopongo
in 1997 , this figure stood at 45 % , and today will be even higher . ancor
further to the comment which danielle auroi made just now on the subject of the countries of the south , i would add that there are some expert estimates which provide some interesting figures , for instance , a range between usd 50 and 250 billion , which could be recovered by a tobin-type tax , whereas , at the same time , the undp [ united nations development programme ] amounts to usd 40 billion per annum , which would be sufficient to guarantee minimum living conditions for the hundreds of millions of deprived people in the countries of cifre
the basic question i would like an answer to , and i am speaking as an all-round figure which includes my militant persona , is what are the conditions necessary for it to work . militante
mr president , in submitting the budget for the coming year , the commission has this time chosen a new method of presenting the figures . cifre
the commission is now quoting a figure of 1.07 , and the council wants a figure of 1.05 . NULL
a budget is always more than a mere juggling with figures . cifre
behind each figure , behind each budget line , behind each allocation , there is a policy to be adopted , there are political goals , huge expectations and , more than anything , people . numero
until these figures are available , there will be problems in releasing the general implementation reserve of some eur 650 million . la
on the other hand , some significant points in the opinion do not figure in the final version of the resolution . figurano
there has certainly been a reduction on a world-wide scale in terms of production and trade and stockpiles etc . , with a fall in the number of victims , although the figures are still too high . arsenali
given that we are now approving the budget , i will linger a moment over the figures that worry me . cifre
this year the figure was eur 8,100,000 . 000
these figures are not much to solve a problem that affects 110 million people in 64 countries , 26,000 victims of mutilations every year and , vitally , the many children who are described in countries such as el salvador as the broken children , as these children are maimed , missing their hands , arms or legs . NULL
as regards my comments on the dominance of the li ka-shing family - which was the subject of much media interest in hong kong today - in some sectors of hong kong 's economy , i should like to point out that the reason i have raised this matter is that it has been raised with me by leading figures in hong kong and indeed was the subject of major media debate during a recent visit there by myself .  
i am always surprised when people put the contrary point of view , not least because on the most recent figures , china had a eur 30 billion trade surplus with the european union . dati
there is a very strong case for rebalancing the figures because unless new , sustainable agricultural outputs are devised , farming and the countryside 's problems can only get worse . cifre
now , without questioning the urgent nature of the issues dealt with by the commission , the committee on agriculture and rural development has identified other urgent issues and also upholds different figures from those in the commission ' s proposal . quantitativi
the differences in the figures between the commission ' s proposal and that of the agriculture committee , which was , in fact , passed almost unanimously , basically centre on aid levels and processing thresholds . quantitative
this is why i would particularly highlight the need for guarantee thresholds to be raised for tomatoes grown for processing in portugal , which should at least approach the figure of 953 000 tonnes set at the berlin summit . 000
although this draft envisages devoting a certain amount to social assistance , no precise figures are given , while the minimum guarantee should be full salary up to retirement age for all workers affected by future redundancies . cifra
so the aim of the text before you today is to transform a pointless compulsory figures test into a promising examination of a freestyle programme where the european union can add value as long as it understands its place and its role in the arrangement . figure
according to figures released by the united nations , 1 000 billion dollars are recycled every year through money laundering operations . cifre
madam president , some of us expected an announcement from the chair yesterday about the sakharov prize - to whom it had been awarded , what the voting figures were and when it would be presented in plenary . aspettavano
the multiannual total must now be established for the period 2000-2006 , and i can only hope - although i cannot put a figure on it at this stage - that it will match up to the ambitions of the european union in its mediterranean policy . cifre
is this figure correct ? cifra
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in the texts before us , the commission and parliament have put a figure of eur 4 billion on the war damage caused by the nato bombings in serbia alone , excluding kosovo , thereby indirectly admitting that they were to blame for some of the material war crimes . quantificato
yesterday , a member of the court of auditors gave a press conference and , at this press conference , a figure was given , and so i think we should be given one here , too . cifra
i completely share mr blak ' s dissatisfaction with the fact that the court of auditor ' s report does not contain exact figures . dati
that may well be true , but when the court of auditors reaches a verdict , i take it as read that it will be based on exact figures . dati
what i would like to know is why these figures cannot be published ? dati
i repeat that the part of the report i most value is the recognition that the commission is getting moving ; but the same cannot be said about the council , whose importance lies not only in the spending figures . quantitativa
you know , mr karlsson , that if you do not include the figures in the report , then others will work them out for you . numeri
mr president , commissioner , mr president of the court of auditors , ladies and gentlemen , this new report from the court of auditors which we have just received is of interest to the committee on budgetary control because it makes a number of points concerning the problems of managing the community budget , while at the same time warning us against the narrow interpretations that could be extracted from the crude exploitation of certain figures . dati
i now turn to the construction of the statement of assurance and the question of figures . cifre
from a technical , statistical point of view , specific das figures on each country and major political field would require an enormous amount of personnel because when you diminish the population you increase the need for the sample so the amount of sampling will require an enormous amount of work that i do not think anyone would find feasible . dati
however , these figures are somewhat misleading since both the concept and the coverage of the system differ significantly from country to country . cifre
this has given us a different idea , making us wonder whether this stability and growth pact has run its course , having achieved the quantitative objective of a particular final figure , or whether it is worth introducing other aspects relating to the quality of public finances in future programmes . cifra
if we deduct the revenue from mobile licences from this one and a half per cent , we are left with a 1 % budget deficit , which is the figure we can use for the stability programme . valore
as you know , at the moment we have an inflation figure of 2.8 % , clearly higher than our target as defined by the central bank . valore
however , the figures on poverty in europe , upon which our report is based and which have been mentioned today - the 18 % poverty line - are evidence of a situation which is anything but exciting . cifre
well over half of the 14 million unemployed , according to eurostat 's latest figures , have been out of work for over a year . dati
this is an enormous figure . cifra
these figures suggest that the budget made available for the programme will be totally insufficient . mi
stipulating realistic target figures can only increase public confidence in the energy policy to be pursued . quantitativi
if the target figures cannot be made binding then we will be creating false expectations , i.e. by pretending to strive for the improvement of the environment without being able to make it a reality . NULL
in addition , target figures must be set for the production objectives , because that will give each member state the incentive to exploit their whole potential . quantitativi
i could show you figures and curves here demonstrating that for both wind energy and photovoltaics this mathematical formula applies . cifre
the figures we are presenting here are not arbitrary or mere whims but are instead a response to the real situation as we find it . NULL
this figure of 65 million poor is not the effect of some misfortune that has come out of the blue ; it is the result of the greed of a privileged capitalist class intent on boosting company profits and stock exchange rates , which therefore makes people redundant , closes down factories , reducing 15 million women and men to unemployment , and puts such pressure on all wages that the lowest wages are not enough to live on . un
simply mentioning these figures ought to drive us to act , which is what the heads of state and government did in lisbon by entering poverty and exclusion on the european agenda for the first time . dati
according to eurostat figures , some 18 % of the population of the eu live on less than 60 % of the average national income ( taking the low-income threshold as a measure of relative poverty ) . dati
at present , the union is dependent on outside supplies for about 50 % of its energy , and that figure may well rise to 70 % by the year 2020 unless we develop renewable energy sources . aggira
its sad inheritance of colonialism and neo-colonialism obliges the european union to take a firm , very brave and decisive stance , in order to aid the re-establishment of democracy in various parts of the world , such as latin america , which currently faces the problem of guatemala with its fight against the impunity of military figures , africa or , in this case , burma .  
on 22 november , the very day of the 25th anniversary of the coronation of king juan carlos , which paved the way to democracy in spain , one of the key figures in this democracy has , in turn , paid with his life for his belief in freedom , tolerance and respect for the rights of others . figure
otherwise , the right of veto will not figure very prominently in the new treaty , and countries without the right of veto resemble constituent states more than independent nations . senza
i feel that , in addition to expressing sympathy towards a leading figure , an important italian political leader who has also been a member of this house , parliament must firmly condemn such incidents and show its solidarity with the victims . dirigente
this did not prove to be politically acceptable , which is why we now have two figures , both of whom perform sterling work in their own way . ciascuna
furthermore , although i mentioned the figure of 100 000 soldiers , this does not mean that we are seeking to exceed the target set in helsinki , but that we will have a reserve of qualified forces and forces with various areas of expertise , which will enable us to guarantee that the figure of 60 000 personnel in the council ' s target would be reached whatever operational conditions they may be required to work in . NULL
i wish , briefly , to comment on these figures in order to emphasise that if the european union has taken the decision to provide itself with military capabilities , it cannot carry out this decision on an unrealistic basis . cifre
thirty years ago , it provided 7 % of international aid ; today the figure is 17 % . detenuta
in 1990 , total external aid from the european union accounted for eur 3 billion . today , ten years later , the figure is nearly eur 9 billion . 1990
mr president , the latest annual report by the world bank highlighted certain figures which were both scandalous in their bleakness and a challenge to the developed world . cifre
this figure falls far short of the number of inspectors needed to implement the measures we are proposing in ports . cifra
but most of all i voted in favour because what i would like - and i want to say this in this parliament - is that when the accounts are checked , that is , how the money has been spent by the commission , attention should be paid not only to checking the figures - 4 plus 4 is 8 , 8 plus 8 is 16 , 16 plus 16 is 32 , 32 plus 32 is 64 - but also to checking whether these expenses have really been useful to europe , whether they have really achieved the numeri
this is a check to be done alongside the mathematical check on the figures . numeri
they continued working on these texts during the night , just as they continued working through the night on figures relating to the division of votes in the council and of seats in parliament . cifre
i might also mention that the figures put forward for potential job losses were already an issue when the original directives now being recast were proposed over ten years ago . cifre
the commission therefore suggested revising the figures by eur 300 million . importo
however , we must also note that the figures before us today do not include the supplementary budget which still needs to be addressed in the wake of the bse crisis . cifre
i spent one and a half days checking her figures against mine , and they are incorrect . dati
mrs lynne ' s figures are incorrect . dati
official figures suggest a doubling of passenger numbers in just fifteen or twenty years , and if you look at what that means in uk terms alone , in order to meet that scale of demand we would be needing an extra four new heathrow airports or an extra eight new gatwick airports . dati
i am not in a position to give you exact figures in relation to the volume of imports of beef from third countries but i can say that such imports are governed by the appropriate regulations and that food safety considerations underlie that legislation . cifre
while we are willing to support a figure of eur 14 m we cannot support a figure of eur 20 m as proposed by amendment no 14 . somma
quite frankly , we were rather perplexed at the evaluations it contains regarding the agricultural sector , for , if the data and figures are to be interpreted so harshly for a sector which is undergoing such great , all-encompassing change as the world of agriculture is due to the common agricultural policy , we are concerned about the decisions to be adopted . numeri
presumably the figures have been misinterpreted . calcoli
that is why hitherto , when assessing the effect these programmes have on employment , rather than providing concrete figures , the eib has performed a simple macroeconomic model estimate . dato
when we consider that approximately eur 7 billion is available in risk capital in europe , whilst in america the figure stands at eur 12 billion , then we ought to give thought to how we can make good the difference . miliardi
when it comes to pr , one idea would be to have a ' young entrepreneur of the year ' prize , awarded to the entrepreneur who has created the most jobs in absolute terms and in percentage figures . percentuale
it is my view that the european institutions have not paid sufficient tribute to this great figure in european politics . figura
the situation is even more serious in my own country , where these figures are 66 % and 15 % respectively . indici
statistics show that in ireland 14.8 % of farm owners are under 35 , in france the figure is 13.2 % , but in the uk it is a mere 6.8 % . 2
as for the sums for the 2000-2006 period , i frankly cannot give you the exact figures . cifre
in mine , in this report , what i want to stress is this : first of all , commissioner , the fishing industry in the european union must start to shake off this almost domestic or almost marginal image that it currently has , perhaps because of the fact that it is confined to peripheral regions or because of the coldness of the community gdp contribution figures that are always being mentioned . cifre
it should also be noted that the nature of these schemes shows a clear commitment to the protection of the environment , an issue which will figure strongly in the future development of both irish and european agriculture .  
however , it is of course crucial for us to work with human rights more generally so that we can obtain some comparable figures , for parliament is inclined to intervene as soon as we hear that a human right is being violated somewhere or other . dati
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the appalling figure of 42,000 deaths a year on the roads of the european union , the estimated 1.7 million injuries , are a constant reminder that we must give top priority to the issue of road safety . cifra
these figures do not only represent immense personal suffering , they also mean enormous economic losses and costs . cifre
25 % of the commission is made up of women , and the figure is 24.8 % in the governments of the member states and 22.5 % in national parliaments . 8
all the figures consistently demonstrate this and we are making slow progress . dati
the few strategies which were set up have always been strategies with target figures or quotas - call them what you will . individuate
there are three key figures you should bear in mind in this respect : with the forthcoming enlargement , the population of the european union will increase by 30 % , and the surface area of the union will increase by 30 % , yet the union ' s gross domestic product will increase by only 5 % . dati
i have endeavoured to tell the truth , because we cannot make speeches on enlargement and the enlarged european union , integrating the closely related peoples of eastern europe , without looking at the figures as they stand . cifre
last year the record on commitments was maintained : the provisional figures show that eur 879 million or 98 % of available commitments were executed and the record on payments improved to eur 335 million or 95 % of available appropriations . cifre
mr president , it is to ' railway speak ' that we owe numerous figures of speech . ferrovieri
with just a thousand appliances the figure reaches one kilowatt per hour , and with a million , one megawatt per hour , at which point we are talking about much larger volumes of energy consumption . milione
lastly , i must ask some questions about the number of tests conducted by member states , because some of the figures pose problems , such as those from portugal , greece and the united kingdom , the country at the source of the epidemic , which conducts only 600 tests per day , as against 37 000 in germany and 150 000 in ireland , for example . dati
whether they are cloaked in the mantle of ' aid ' or ' agreements ' , these figures and these one-sided clauses speak only of exploitation of the african continent by the european powers . dati
i do not accept that british fishermen have been wronged , because if you look at the figures the british fishing industry is getting its natural share of european fish . cifre
and because today 's debate , apart from anything else , has been full of poetry , drama and references to the axioms of older civilisations , allow me to close by referring to a political figure in europe who is familiar to you all .  
i also note that the figure of 90 animals applies to every holding ; holdings with more animals do not fall outside the rule , as the newspapers wrongly reported . limite
whilst i have absolutely no reason to doubt the figure given by the honourable member , there are different estimates . cifre
for example , on page 17 we have figure 17 , which is about permissible configurations for rear corner seats , and shows a plan view of the prescribed seat area , with both rear corner seats , in relation to annex i section 7.7.8.6.3.4 , and as with aircraft design a maximum radius of 150 mm is prescribed . illustrazione
finally , amendment no 6 , which seeks to change the figure of the wheelchair , is acceptable in principle , but not in the form proposed in the report . figura
unemployment figures are as close as you will get to full employment in today 's union . dati
i would propose that research be carried out from next year into how private funding can be used to supplement this figure . dotazione
i also support the topping-up of appropriations for the implementation of the activities , to provide an overall figure of eur 65 million rather than the 55 set by the commission . cifra
i believe the hunt for new indicators and more figures on employment simply delays the necessary renewal and liberalisation of european markets . dati
when we analyse the employment figures , it is quite clear what results have been achieved . dati
in any case , when we are talking of comparative indicators there is always a difficulty , which is that we often do not have sufficiently homogeneous indicators for the realities we are comparing to be revealed through these figures . dati
in this way , the report outlines the expectation which the clearly positive changes in the special administrative region have confirmed , even though we know that we cannot yet take account of as many tangible figures as we would like , in order to have a true picture of these first twelve months - in fact a very short time . dati
the same figures apply to the approval of the commercial decisions of the joint council for the interim agreement and also those of the joint council for the global agreement . cifre
in the majority of eu states , figures on the granting of refugee status and traditional immigration channels are falling systematically . cifre
on the other hand , the figures for overall immigration have remained stable in recent years , proving that restrictive policies on immigration and visas have succeeded only in increasing the number of illegal immigrants . cifre
in 2001 , that figure has risen to 5.4 % . dato
in the explanatory statement , we put a figure on the recommendation , saying that we considered there to be 0.5 % overheating . 5
the figure will vary depending upon the methodologies we use . dato
the figure of eur 971 million is broken down as follows : eur 700 million will be used to cover the ' purchase for destruction ' scheme for cattle over 30 months , eur 238 million will go towards the buying-in of beef in public stocks , and an extra eur 33 million will be used to finance the additional bse tests conducted on cattle over 30 months intended for human consumption . importo
the commission has not plucked the proposed figure of 50 % out of thin air ; it is based on past practice or , more specifically , on the 1995 council resolution on the cofinancing of control measures . inventata
political dialogue , cooperation and trade issues figure very high on the agenda of the next session . figurano
i would like to stress , however , that this figure had been calculated by the commission in january and it already appears to have been completely overtaken by events . cifra
the initial figure of 70 % community participation and 30 % national participation in the haug report , was adopted by a very large majority . NULL
the current figures are proof of our resounding failure . out of a worldwide population of 6 billion people , 1.5 billion have less than one dollar a day to live on . cifre
i support mr bösch 's suggestion that the appointments committee should be chaired by an independent figure .  
and lastly , there is the recovery of unduly paid funds , for which there are no figures in the commission 's report for 1999 . cifre
in order not to look the other way , i shall focus on one of the matters covered in the report - that of flax - and put some figures to the house . cifre
it is true that , on the basis of the latest figures supplied to us by the italian ministry for finance , the situation for payments is much less healthy , and i would like to write to you , mr celli , to give you precise details of how quickly the payments for each objective are being made . dati
when , now , the council contributes its own points of view , it will come as no surprise if , this time too , a much more meagre result is arrived at , a result very close to the figures in the gothenburg protocol . cifre
in the absence of the commission 's support now , i do not see how we , as legislators , not technical experts , can propose more ambitious targets for individual countries unless we pull figures out of the air , which seems to me a rather poor and amateurish way of making law . numeri
without being able to put my finger on the exact figures , i would venture to maintain that , over the years , sweden has , in financial terms , invested more in liming in order to combat acidification than certain member states have invested in reducing acidifying emissions . cifre
i hope we will have a clearer forecast when we review the directive in 2004 , but then - if you will forgive the joke - some emission figures will have to be taken out of the air . valori
if we extrapolate from these figures , we find that consistent implementation of this programme could create about a million jobs in the european union . calcolo
is mr poettering in favour of the creation of this slightly baroque figure of a ' mr euro ' on the model of mr cfsp , as i believe i heard him say in his conclusion of the european people ' s party congress in berlin ? barocca
of course , this figure could have been considerably higher , but this is a good start . potuti
mr bonde brought up the subject of the website and said that only prime minister persson and other high-up figures are allowed to write on it . scrivervi
this sort of report necessarily refers to ' averages ' , rounds figures up and down and hence conceals economic divergences in certain economies . cifre
but how can anyone have confidence in experts who think that investments represent 5,3 % of the gdp in europe , whereas , in the year 2000 , the accurate figure is 20,5 % ? cifra
one last figure to conclude : as far as aids is concerned , patented drugs cost about one hundred times more than generic drugs , which have the same effect but which are manufactured in countries where patents are not yet the norm . dato
in 2000 , no less than eur 14 000 million of the structural funds could not be implemented , since it was the first year of the new programming period ; that is to say , eur 14 billion , of which 8 billion was rebudgeted in 2001 and therefore around 6 billion remains to be rebudgeted , to put it in round figures . cifra
the specific figures we have proposed are not a question of principle . importi
the consensus proposal presented by the commission satisfies the two concerns of both budgetary authorities : firstly , it does not raise the overall figure for appropriations until the end of the programming period , as the council wants , bound as it is by the budgetary limitations of the member states ; and , secondly , it transfers most of the commitment appropriations until the end of the period , which favours compliance with the berlin agreements , which is what this parliament demanded . importo
i think these figures speak for themselves . cifre
in any evaluation of how efficiently the ecsc has been managed , in its capacity as something akin to a bank , it is necessary to know the actual yield on cash investments and what the share of administrative costs was in attaining this figure . bancaria
i am sad to report that the figures for 1999 show that this was the first year ever when the least developed countries received under 50 % of overseas development aid administered by the commission . cifre
as mr blak 's resolution states in paragraph 8 , point 19 - and i thank him for this - when 880 million people world-wide lack any access to health services , just 1 % of the commission 's external assistance budget went to health in 1999 and we do not have any figures at all for education . cifre
but if discharge is postponed , i thank mrs rühle for her insistence that the latest figures using the dac methodology are brought forward by may . cifre
we must single out member states if they make mistakes - we will hopefully do this also by means of an amendment to mr blak ' s report - and we should not only look at figures , but also at the quality of policy . cifre
it is no longer acceptable that in this discharge procedure , in which we not only verify the figures but also the quality of policy , the council ' s increasing budget is still not subject to proper democratic control . cifre
the figures which we are familiar with show that agriculture is in a considerably better position than the other sections of the budget . cifre
it looks at the figures and it comes to its conclusion that everything does not fit together and that it cannot give discharge . cifre
the director-general only wishes to approve programmes involving amounts of eur 400 000 and above , whereas the council 's energy working group has set a figure of eur 200 000 . importo
the commission should put these figures on the table for the council . dati
put the figures on the table , and do it quickly . cifre
i am not going to repeat the figures for growth or inflation or the extent to which monetary policy has contributed to growth or to the convergence of our economies , nor the role played by the euro as a protective factor in the face of external crises . dati
up to 360 000 internally displaced persons in ossetia , daghestan and chechnya itself , compared with a figure reportedly around 5 000 to 7 000 refugees in the pankisi valley in georgia . cifra
we can reasonably expect that these figures will be easily surpassed and the rate of increase maintained as the establishment of the euro reduces intra-community transactions , eliminates exchange risk and exchange cost for enterprises whilst at the same time increasing intra-community investment opportunities . cifre
alarming figures are presented regarding population trends - europe is shrinking . dati
he should show some respect and not use such figures of speech . espressioni
it is a fact that there are highly competent consultants who have argued , for instance , that external costs , including traffic congestion , are shooting up to account for 10 % of the gross domestic product of europe , a figure which may be debatable but which is astounding all the same . cifre
throughout this revision process , consensus solutions have been reached which , in the case of the outermost regions of the european union , may paradoxically have strange consequences - as mr mastorakis has mentioned - because there is a risk that certain seaports situated in island capitals , at least in the case of the canaries , will be included in a category other than that of tourist port because of the use of out-of-date freight figures or through considering domestic passenger traffic . cifre
for example - and these too are figures from confirmed sources - human traffickers alone launder some eur 1.1 billion from their work , namely getting illegal immigrants over the border , and some eur 51 billion are laundered in the european union from drug dealing in eastern europe every year . cifre
to mr corrie , the figure of how much we are allocating in the ninth european development fund of 90 % covers both the least developed countries and the low-income group of countries . risponderei
these figures are extremely high , considering what they mean for individual people . cifre
i can back up what i have just said with a few figures provided by europol and the drugs monitoring centre in lisbon . cifre
these are the latest figures available . cifre
i appreciate your allowing me to dwell on these figures a little because greece ' s espousal of the culture of price stability and budgetary stability was perhaps the jewel in the crown of this policy throughout europe . dati
in relation to price inflation , which is one of the issues addressed in the council ' s recommendation to ireland , it is important that we are clear on the following key statistics : the latest figures show that inflation as measured by the harmonised european index has fallen from 6 % last november to 3.9 % this year . dati
one group is not being played off against another , which is why i am delighted - and i trust that i shall not be misunderstood now that several growth figures are back for discussion because they are being revised - that we are also debating the stability and growth pact and the convergence criteria in the chamber at the moment , because it shows our people and the public - including politicians - that changes to growth figures do not mean change to the stability and convergence criteria . basso
it is merely one of the many ways in which gordon brown succeeds in fiddling the figures . cifre
the latest figures show that ten of the current member states anticipate that their public accounts will balance or show a surplus . cifre
on the basis of these forecasts , we consider a figure of between 2 and 2.5 % for this year to be entirely realistic . dato
generally speaking , the problems in the global economy have seriously reduced the prospects for the european economy , to 2.8 % for 2001 and 2.9 % for 2002 , according to the commission ' s latest figures . dati
mr president , unfortunately , we all know that drunken driving is the primary cause of death among young people between the ages of 15 and 25 , not forgetting that this figure does not include the number of people disabled as the result of road traffic accidents caused by drunken driving . numero
about facts and figures , or also about how citizens can be involved more democratically and more actively in shaping policy ? dati
this 7 % may well seem rather a low figure to you , but , from our perspective , it is quite high . roba
however , as i said before , to draw conclusions in april on the figures for the end of the year seems to me to be far too risky . dati
commissioner , the sector affected casts doubt upon the figures supplied the commission on the true use of fishing possibilities . cifre
given the high financial figures involved , second only to mauritania , the community must make a real assessment and not a fictitious one . necessaria
these are figures that still shock us even though are they well known . dati
secondly , these figures shock us because , despite the aid and development policies that the european union and the member states carry out to fight poverty and underdevelopment throughout the world , not only are the figures not coming down but the abyss separating the rich countries from the poor countries is growing ever deeper . dati
now , changing the reality reflected by these figures means we must not just sit back in resignation but must enter the field of action and practical measures . dati
i cannot stress enough the gravity of the situation behind these figures half of the population lives on less than eur 2 per day , one in three does not have access to electricity , one child in three suffers from malnutrition . cifre
commissioner schreyer has just quoted a few figures here . cifre
the actual figures will be available in the autumn . cifre
the difference between these figures seems insufficient , given the need to make good payments that are overdue . uni
i have noted the fact that , despite the 4.8 % increase proposed for payments , these will remain at a level of 1.06 % of the european union ' s gdp , whereas the financial perspective would allow the figure to reach 1.10 % in 2002 . 10
it would be useful to have the precise figures as soon as possible . importi
i can tell you now that the ppe group will be looking at this issue very closely in the autumn , once we have the actual figures to work with . cifre
we in the ppe shall carry out a strict and close examination of the budget line by line in the autumn , once the figures are available . cifre
finally , madam president , with regard to the imaginative and creative figure of speech used by mr dell ' alba , who called eurojust ' euro saint just ' , i have to say that , for my part , i believe eurojust is not an instrument of justice for saints : it is an instrument of justice for human beings . figura
as yet few men , by the way , take parental leave : according to the most recent data in denmark , for example , the figure is seven men to one hundred women , in france one to one hundred , and in germany two to a hundred . cento
i believe that those figures illustrate adequately that more inspections need to be carried out and that legislation needs to change , but , more than anything , that monitoring must be stepped up in terms of compliance with legislation , so that we can be certain that animals are no longer tortured during transport . cifre
this figure is wrong . dato
in 1997 , it was 74 times as high , and the figure is undoubtedly even higher today . cifra
the first concerns the official reactions to this bombshell , which took all the leading european figures by surprise . sprovvista
the reactions to the result of the irish referendum of many leading european figures who were directly involved in drafting the treaty of nice or who are now playing up to it sycophantically make it quite clear that the type of europe depicted in that treaty is based on total lack of respect for the people of europe . incensatori
this figure is increasing by 20 % per year . cifra
we cannot set a figure and then allow the spanish to review how the money received is to be disbursed . importo
i wanted to ask the commissioner if he is aware of the information that is being published in the moroccan press at the moment , specifically in the weekly demain and the magazine economy and enterprise , where top military , political and diplomatic figures in morocco are being accused of having blocked this agreement to protect their own personal interests . marocchini
in 2000 , europe imported 75 % of its total oil requirements and by 2020 , this figure will reach 85 % . cifra
the actual figure is much higher if we take account of farms outside the network , which are obviously small holdings , meaning that far more than 23.2 % of all community holdings receive a mere 1.4 % of total direct aid . aderenti
he reminds me of a figure in european history , kaiser karl iv , a luxembourgois , like astrid lulling , who managed to integrate germans and czechs , french and italians at the heart of europe and whose golden bull gave the holy roman empire the most up-to-date and most cleverly balanced constitution of the middle ages . figura
these figures in fact reflect the utilisation levels achieved in practice during the time the previous agreement was in force , which were 75 to 80 % for tuna seiners and over 90 % for longliners , which are precisely those that have now been increased in number . NULL
our hope must be that this commission initiative for a european extra-judicial network will help build consumer e-confidence and force those european figures up . percentuali
it would certainly be a good thing if we in the european parliament could also invite these two figures to visit our parliament , perhaps in the reverse order , first president bush and then president putin , as our relations with america and russia are vital for the future of the european union .  
minimum amounts insured are out of date and this figure is a much more realistic sum . cifra
we have , in fact , been supplied with recent figures in this respect from the european commission . cifre
secondly , there is a lot of juggling with figures , but they are all relative . cifre
as i was saying just now - and greece ' s case applies to the other member states too - the stability pacts are based on figures provided by the countries themselves . cifre
firstly , we do not have that impression , given the figures for the inflow of notes into the different central banks ; secondly , in the countries which have signed up to the obligations of the money laundering convention , the same criteria i have mentioned must be applied for exchanges from european currency to the dollar . dati
first of all , upon the target figure of 12 % , to be obtained by 2010 . cento
it is , of course , very tempting to underline that it would have had a greater impact if it had been a binding target percentage , rather than an indicative target figure , as it is now . valore
i would like to reiterate , on this occasion , my satisfaction at the united effort that sets the important figure of 12 % as the target for the share of the european electricity market produced from renewable sources which also benefit the environment to be reached by 2010 : we know how topical these issues are , especially in relation to climate change . cifra
i am pleased that , as recorded in the minutes , some of the improvements i suggested figure decisively in the text . conclusivamente
holland and belgium are not the large net contributors the figures show them to be . dati
we are opposed to putting a percentage figure on it , for we cannot possibly put a figure on it at the moment . percentuale
in 1990 , the figure was 60 % and in 1997 it was 74 % , and there is no doubt that it has increased since 1997 . cifra
today , there are more 22 million uprooted people in the world and that figure is increasing . numero
i do not think that figure - which is provided by amnesty international - is accurate . dato
i shall not go into the figures , either - because what mr dupuis has just said is true - and in any case i think they are irrelevant : a single case is itself a monstrosity . cifre
even in the united states , where 80 % of people were in favour of the death penalty five or six years ago , that figure is down to 66 % today . percentuale
in the short term this means , in particular , ensuring free and fair elections and addressing the situation of missing opposition figures and political prisoners . sparizioni
our restrictive policy on political dialogue has not prevented the european union from repeatedly airing our deep concerns about prominent public figures who mysteriously disappear or who are imprisoned for political reasons . figure
up-dated figures from the un office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs indicate that almost 190 000 people were affected and some 35 000 homes damaged or destroyed . cifre
the overcapacity of the community fishing fleet , which marine scientists estimate to be 40 % , a figure adopted in the march 2001 green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy , is one of the main causes of the excessive pressure that fishing exerts on fish stocks . riportata
it is now thought that if the different methods and options are taken into account and a combined calculation is made , up to two hundred different figures may be reached . combinatorio
we have therefore also presented a series of amendments on behalf of the liberal group aimed at consolidating this key figure for the economic and monetary union and we would very much like the council to accept them . figura
as regards the interpretation of statistics in the annual report , the scope for interpreting the figures is still restricted because of the many causes of infringements , the commission 's great dependence on complaints and the political dimension of the work arising from the fact that proceedings are at the commission 's discretion . numero
although discussions with staff representatives are not yet concluded , the commission wishes to emphasise that as examination of all relevant figures will show - and the relevant figures are in the documents that i have circulated today and in the document adopted by the commission on 18 july - the increase in yearly expenditure under heading 5 generated by commission reform will be modest and temporary . cifre
the figures published in the new orientations document in july show the maximum yearly increase due to reform - if the measures were adopted by all institutions - would be eur 34.3 million higher in 2005 than in 2001 . NULL
madam president , i would have failed in my duty to acknowledge the efforts made by several institutions and key figures within the european union if i also failed to highlight the extremely active role played by commissioner patten to ensure not only the financial survival of the palestinian authorities but much more besides .  
perhaps he was thinking of mr riad al-turk , the leading opposition figure in syria , who was re-arrested today . ryad
consumption , employment and foreign investment have also achieved very healthy figures . cifre
nevertheless , it is our task precisely as one arm of the budgetary authority to discuss and engage in some serious and sober preliminary budgetary planning - at the same time allaying our emotions and fears - and to approach the figures in a rational way . cifre
there is no doubt , however , that for the period after 2006 , even taking into account compliance with future world trade obligations , we will very probably have to discuss the issue of revenue and expenditure in the european budget because in the final stages in 2013 these comparative figures could amount to eur 17 billion and eur 26 billion respectively . importi
subject : humanitarian aid for children during the seminar of 1 and 2 march in norrköping , commissioner nielson presented shocking figures on armed conflicts and their impact on children . dati
according to the commissioner , these figures are not totally reliable because there is no effective system for recording such data . dati
in practice , this meant that there were too few figures available to merit their inclusion in the website . dati
new figures from august 2001 show no notable variation in unmetered access prices . cifre
the lowest figures were among people aged over 55 , 36 % of whom know nothing about the new currency , and only 16 % saying they were adequately informed . percentuali
what are the corresponding figures for the other countries in the euro zone ? percentuali
however , according to the latest eurostat figures , there is a growing fear that a lot of people will use this opportunity to increase the prices of goods and services and that this will mainly hit the most vulnerable groups of consumers such as the elderly , the young , the poorly educated , immigrants and the mentally handicapped . NULL
mr president , the figures some members have quoted amply demonstrate that the mountains are the minority of minorities in this house . cifre
the figures on the millions of children not attending school , which mrs kinnock pointed out , speak for themselves in this respect . cifre
the text gives figures which are often so scandalous that they should provide little comfort for our consciences , because , at the end of the day , they demonstrate the incoherence of almost all of us who believe that the education of children is important for the success of any development process . NULL
with regard to the statistical information in the second report on cohesion , one fact stands out in our minds : enlargement will bring a challenge twice as large as the one we are currently facing , for the figures indicate that regional disparities are set to double . dati
therefore , the more up-to-date these figures are , the more serious and objective the debate will be . cifre
this interim report for the month of january will therefore contain an update of figures and analyses from the first part of the cohesion report devoted to the situation of regions , but it will also present the results of different studies that we have commissioned , as well as lessons learned from the great debates and seminars that have been organised . dati
i do not think that a form of unravelling or renationalisation of regional policy should be the way to respond to this requirement , to this need for cohesion in an enlarged eu where there will be - and the figures speak for themselves - more disparities than today . dati
lastly , let me emphasise that the number of these checks also rose in 1999 , reaching the figure of 120 compared with 100 in 1998 . 120
i would like to mention once again the two figures which have already been cited : there are 130 million victims in the world ; 2 million children undergo genital mutilation every year . cifre
it is difficult to quote an actual figure but we suspect that it is much higher than we can possibly imagine . cifre
the figures that are available to us from - indeed very interesting - european studies , show that there is a wage gap of 25 to 28 % and in some countries as high as 30 % . NULL
the reason i want to remind you of these two figures and these two concepts is because it is most important to highlight the difficulties we find ourselves in today , as my colleagues have done . cifre
if we are looking at figures , then if we were to take this parliament as an example , we would be looking at a group roughly the size of the liberal democrat group as the percentage of those suffering harassment . cifre
if i compare this with the regulations which currently apply in japan and the united states , we , who all want things to be done just so , would have cut a very poor figure with the council ' s emission regulations during the discussions on kyoto . comparo
by the time it had reached the conciliation stage all positions were clear , and the council clearly gave us to understand that it was unable to alter the figures , which it had approved within the framework of a common position . cifre
the council ' s common position on emission ceilings was a long way from the commission ' s figures relatively speaking , but , nevertheless , better than the ' gothenburg ' values that most of the member states had sworn by . cifre
the relentless law of asymmetrical development operating within the capitalist system is not a figment of our imagination , it is a reality and the figures in the commission 's own reports confirm that there can be no talk of convergence ; on the contrary , what we have is divergence between the member states of the community , between the rich and poor regions , even between regions within a member state . fornite
if you are only to draw up such a noise map when the figure of six million cars per annum is reached , then i suggest you abandon the whole operation . compilata
in respect of the dialogue with the budgetary authority , we are not releasing figures other than this eur 25 million , but this will be an element in that package which we will be coming back to quite soon . cifre
we are talking about high figures . cifre
there was gross anti-semitic abuse with , for example , cartoons circulating that could have figured in julius streicher 's publications from the 1930s . streicher
europol informs us that 500 000 illegal immigrants enter eu territory every year , a figure that i actually think is an underestimate . stima
mr president , in my opinion , the fiscal burden in europe is still too high : although it has fallen somewhat , it is true , the figures show that the fiscal burden in europe is still significantly higher than it was in the early nineties , for example . cifre
these figures alone should be enough to illustrate that the conventional television market , which only covers a small part of the overall audio-visual sector , is a major growth sector . dati
are any figures available on this ? dati
as regards your first question , i am unable to answer this at present but we shall check and see if more accurate figures are available . dati
finally , the council feels that , for details of immigration and statistics concerning the number of naturalisations , mr trakatellis could usefully refer to the reply given to him in july by the commission in response to question e-1438 / 01 concerning the years prior to that mentioned here and ask the commission to provide him with the figures for 1999 and 2000 as soon as these are available . dati
the figure at the end is not the only important thing , but the basis on which it is calculated , too . NULL
my reason for this amendment was the fact that in some member states the credit institutions triple the loan figure registered compared with the amount actually lent , which is doubly harmful to the consumer : first , there is a question of image , in that , to an inexperienced person the debt might appear to be three times as large as it really is ; and secondly , a matter of costs , particularly notarial costs , which are calculated on the registered amount of the loan . cifra
first of all , prevention involves education and information campaigns , particularly aimed at at-risk groups , such as women and young people , conducted on the ground by influential local figures . attori
according to the undp 's recent figures less than 10 % of global spending on health research addresses 90 % of the global disease burden . dati
until we solve the problem of poverty , especially the extreme poverty - misery - in which hundreds of millions , around 1 500 million human beings , and i am using cautious figures , live , we will continue to be exposed to situations such as those we are experiencing now . cifre
as far as handing in weapons is concerned , the nato " emergency harvest " operation involving 4,500 men only recouped 3,300 weapons , i.e. not even one gun per nato soldier , while nato sources are quoting a figure of tens of thousands of weapons . cifra
this includes the economic situation - developments in the market , the structure of the organisation , the company 's strategy - but also turnover and production figures to show the financial position . dati
here , too , according to the commission 's figures , we have achieved an improvement . dati
chancellor schröder will not reach his goal of reducing the number of unemployed to 3.5 million in the election year , since the figure is expected to shoot up to 3.8 million . cifra
in this area , a range of measures relating to the working environment , skill development etc. is needed if we are going to be able to increase these figures . dato
it is true that we cannot put clear figures upon the number of people who will be injured in the case of a specific limit value . in
i would also remind you that under the terms of the interinstitutional agreement , in terms of the financial perspective , in 2002 , the level of payments should stand at 1.08 % of the gross domestic product of member states and the council ' s proposals fall considerably short of this figure . percentuale
we have looked at the implementation figures and we will continue to look at them in the future and use them for future amendments to the budget . cifre
the world tourism organisation anticipates a doubling in the number of tourist arrivals up to a figure of approximately 720 million per year by the year 2020 . approssimativamente
parliament is now reinstating these figures . importi
as the gnp for the eu member states has grown faster than the increase in payment appropriations , the amount the eu budget represents in the figure for combined gnp has shrunk to 1.03 % . 03
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if , today , we are discussing at first reading stage the community budget for the coming year , we are of course talking about politics coated with figures . cifre
in relation to the slow rate of payments , the figures already available indicate that payments in 2000 increased from eur 1.27 billion to eur 1.55 billion . dati
we still have incredible inertia in the pipeline , in the way in which these figures move . lenti
if we want to take specific action and provide vital and essential food aid to the civilian population at risk , we must respond to the appeals by numerous key figures and ngos and suspend the bombings .  
as a result , not only do we fail to achieve the much-vaunted objective of convergence between the poorest and richest regions but , as the figures confirm - and greece is a prime example - there is increasing divergence , not just between member states in the north and the south , but between regions within member states themselves . confermano
since then , however , nothing has been done , although some other preparatory work was carried out by former - and very key - figures on the international stage , and i shall mention , in particular , the notre europe working group led by jacques delors . notre
on behalf of my group , i then supported proposals for eur 30 - a figure which i believe is the very minimum necessary to close the gap and help restore profitability to the sector . cifra
i ask the house not to deviate from this figure , which can be accommodated within the existing guidelines , and also to support amendments on compensation for extensification , the rural world premium and funding for market developments . cifra
today , since europol is an intergovernmental body , it is controlled by the national parliaments ; first and foremost , by the governments at the council of ministers for justice and home affairs or their representatives on europol ' s management board , and lastly by a supervisory body made up of leading , independent figures .  
your report calls for the number of inspectors in the food and veterinary office engaged on animal welfare to be increased to fourteen , compared with the current figure of four . quattordici
of last year 's budget surplus , over eur 3 billion was the result of increased income , which itself was a consequence of last year 's growth figures in fact turning out better than had at first been assumed . aspettativi
it was , though , only in november that the official figures became available . cifre
anyone looking for concrete figures or percentages in relation to payments will be disappointed . cifre
whatever , i believe that it must be a large figure . cifra
once again , in this field as in others , it is greater european integration that we need , whilst respecting the community method and guaranteeing that public figures at all levels take the proper action to ensure the provision of general interest services . attori
' the documents showing the way my pension is calculated , ' she replied , ' for i still cannot understand how that figure was reached . calcolata
the figures with which i am acquainted indicate the precise opposite . dati
first of all , it is important that this debate should be based on figures that are as precise as possible . cifre
the chemical industry is the third largest processing industry in europe , and , according to the commission 's figures , provides 4.7 million jobs in almost 40 000 firms , most of them small and medium-sized enterprises . dati
we have tried to look into whether this situation can be described in figures . cifre
the member states all have their own way of collating data and it is unclear , for example , whether plastic waste that is exported is also included in the figures . quantitativi
the second point is this : there is no sense in allocating eur 17 , 18 , 16 billion - the figure has not yet been finally decided - if these funds are not used where they are most needed , that is , in the universities , in industry , and in the smes . importo
the few figures which are available to us in the european parliament unfortunately do not yet speak the specific language which we would have liked , because we had hoped that the lisbon strategy and its consistent implementation would also have yielded visible added value as a result of economic , financial , employment and social policy being coordinated at european level , so as to demonstrate to the public the benefits which european policy can have for them and quite specifically how it can improve their quality of life and work . NULL
a report by the commission tells us that 60 million people in the european union are affected by poverty , at present , and i find myself thinking that this appalling figure alone tells us what a great need there is for political action , and that this convention must be about a change of direction and a new kind of politics in europe . dato
the means to hand have , though , been blunt weapons to date , and there has been increased leakage from the community budget due to criminal practices - figures show it as having doubled to over eur 2 billion in the past year . dati
mr president , if you take a look at the figures for fraud and the irregularities affecting the european budget in the year 2000 , you see , above all , a massive increase in the irregularities that have come to light . dati
madam commissioner , i am inclined to think that , when one has to submit those sorts of figures and turn them into something tangible , one has to seize every available opportunity to improve matters . cifre
i am going to give you an example - by hiding future inflation in the framework programme , the commission reaches the conclusion that , according to its figures , between 2002 and 2006 , we will have an increase in annual contributions of 14.3 % . 3
in second reading , we have left an ample margin for assistance to afghanistan and neighbouring regions , and with the council we have agreed on the figure of eur 488 million for cooperation with developing countries in asia . cifra
appropriations have grown by just 2 % , which is clearly below the figure for the financial perspectives . inferiore
the figures quoted by the honourable member refer to places where crossing the border between croatia and slovenia is physically possible but legally prohibited - for instance , footpaths , roads and bridges . cifre
the report includes figures from belgium , germany , italy and the netherlands . cifre
at present , we only have the figures that have been flying around for the past five or six years . cifre
does the commissioner know , for example , that in italy , in order to get a pension , many women are forced to sign on at the job centre as if they were looking for a job , thus altering the unemployment figures ? cifre
according to eurostat research , the average percentage of accidents which are reported in the eu is 89 % , while the corresponding figures for ireland and greece are 38 % and 39 % , respectively , which is very alarming . percentuali
i would simply say that the commission is keeping to its original proposal which , in our view , provides a reasonable figure for the implementation of the programme . cifra
some of the questions that have been raised , especially on the role of the european parliament in the field of justice and home affairs and on protecting the citizen ' s fundamental rights in the european judicial area , will figure very largely on the agenda of that debate . sollevati
mr president , i am advised that the figures that we have just voted on do not make sense unless we vote on the wynn report which is about the financial perspective . cifre
we need to vote on that to make sure that we have the figures before we accept that the vote we have just had is complete . numeri
now , though , partly because it is not the commission that represents foreign policy , when faced with questions of international politics europe seems not to exist , and it is not evident in the figure of mr cfsp . figura
mugabe is sacrificing countless human lives , literally and figuratively , to his utterly ruthless aim of retaining power . figurato
this tells you how important the positive aspects are compared to those that do not figure in the results . riportati
looked at in terms of actual figures , 15 % of the eu 's gdp of about eur 900 billion per annum amounts to eur 125 to eur 130 billion , not a small sum by any means . circa
the figures show the importance of clear and simple ground rules . cifre
we understand their intention and we share their concern , but if we really want this directive to be implemented within a time scale which makes it effective , we must accept the figure proposed to us by the commission . limite
i can now give you - before anyone else hears them - the figures that i will be publishing next thursday . dati
we hope to gradually bring this figure up to a quarter of the total volume of our loans . proporzione
the average size of european pension funds is one sixth of that of pension funds in the united states and the yield in europe is 60 % of the american figure . percento
in fact , i have figures here from the uk , which show that a 10 % increase in the price of cigarettes leads to a 4 % decrease in consumption . cifre
and the world bank argues , though this must be a very rule-of-thumb figure , that the palestinian national income has been reduced by about usd 2.4bn as a result of what has happened over the last months . cifra
i am dismayed by the figures the commission has published on the destruction recently meted out to projects funded by the european union . dati
i think the honourable member accepts that one is looking for steady trends , rather than being too nailed down to specific figures in specific years in specific countries . cifre
because we are carrying the burden in those areas , admittedly with member states ' money , they are not having to do as much there as they would presumably have to do for political reasons , and therefore the figures sometimes flatter them at our expense . cifre
the figure last year in the mediterranean was 56 % to 57 % , much higher than any figure we have achieved before but lower than i want to see . cifra
it will take some time before we achieve the sort of figures that all of us want to see , but we are headed in the right direction . numeri
this is an example that other countries should follow , to be able to reach , in september , the figure of 55 countries needed to ratify the protocol , which account for over 55 % of all greenhouse gas emissions . emettano
we must fight to stop europe becoming the new forum for attempts to exploit the legal system to persecute political figures or other forms of intolerance which diminish the dignity of the individual . giustizialismo
this situation is all the more poignant when one realises that , despite the worldwide agreement to spend 0.7 % of gnp on development aid , the figure has even dropped to an all time low of 0.24 % . percentuale
this is unacceptable because it is precisely a doubling of the worldwide development aid figures that is required in order to meet our international pledge , namely that , by 2015 , all children in the world will be able to attend school and receive medical care . raddoppiare
i think it absolutely crucial that we set practical objectives for when the individual eu countries are to have reached a figure of 0.7 % . raggiungono
the time that elapsed between setting up the programmes is , without doubt , one of the reasons that explains why the initial figures on their execution are so disappointing , but this is , of course , not the only explanation . cifre
the course for the structural funds , with their criteria and indicators for support , must be set in such a way that economic and social cohesion is also reflected in falling unemployment figures . tassi
we have a rate of over 20 % , but this figure is , fortunately , not as high in the more developed regions . progredite
if we extrapolate these figures , we stand to gain something in the order of eur 3 billion . proporzioni
i hope that , through the application of this directive , road safety will improve , which is the intention , since the figure of 42 000 deaths per year is completely unacceptable to all of us . cifra
we have just discussed another report which speaks about this and we are perfectly aware that illiteracy figures in all countries are always higher amongst women . cifre
this right must be guaranteed by practical measures wherever the scourge of illiteracy is present ; it is therefore enlightening to be reminded of the figures . dati
figures have been presented : it has been said that more than 300 000 people need assistance , that 30 % of the population is homeless and that 12 000 homes need to be rebuilt . NULL
it has fulfilled its obligations and mandates consistently and complied with the need to give early warnings where the figures showed that this was necessary . cifre
only in the last few weeks , preliminary census figures have shown that georgia and armenia have each lost approximately a million people since independence . dati
this being so , the increase in the multiannual budget from the original figure of eur 850 million to a current eur 933 million - achieved by parliament during all-night sittings - was the right thing to do . 933
we have heard all the figures and it is impressive . cifre
erasmus has gone a long way to improving this and i would like to see an increase in the figure of 460 000 participating students a year . 000
we would , though , like the commission to give us even clearer and sounder figures for the five action areas when the more detailed report is forthcoming . cifre
the rapporteur himself raises this concern too , for if there is any question to be posed in that regard it is whether a mere four categories are sufficient to provide all the elements necessary to achieve the complex figure we want . dato
of course , mr piret is talking about france and mr bolkestein about the european union , but even so , the huge difference between the two figures leads us to believe that there is a misunderstanding somewhere or that we are being kept in the dark . dissimulazione
in this respect the figures in recent years have been disheartening . eseguiti
in 1999 , when we negotiated the current interinstitutional agreement , we managed to modify the figures in heading 5 , but with perspectives which , as a result of shortsightedness , are now insufficient . cifre
i have here an indictment signed by 100 public figures accusing the catholic church of unacceptable interference and attempting to control women 's reproductive functions .  
this would have the huge advantage of enabling all parties involved in a dispute to negotiate on the basis of a figure set by a third party . importo
i recall that when the urban waste water directive went through , the impact assessment was very feeble and never really gave any figures as to the likely costs . cifre
that figure was not known at the time when the directive was brought through - not in my country and not in any country ; so the question is : can we obtain better , more effective impact assessments ? cifra
not just cost-impact assessments in terms of a global figure , but impact assessments as to the disadvantage of doing nothing set against the advantage of doing something . cifra
there are though , a few things in all these columns of figures that we need to discuss . numeri
to quote john isaac , a leading figure in the voluntary sector in the united states , doctor strangelove is alive and well and working in the pentagon . personaggio
does the president-in-office of the council think there is any truth in the claims made by the italian prime minister , mr berlusconi , and the italian finance minister , mr tremonti , that when they came into power in 2001 after the previous centre-left governments they found a hole in the budget worth eur 8 550 million , which had been covered up in the budget by the preceding governments and only came to light when the present government checked the figures ? controlli
this amendment has two implications : firstly , not only accepting financing by the fund of actions to prevent nicotine addiction and of experimental action to encourage tobacco producers to switch to other crops and economic activities , but also maintaining the financing of agronomic research into varieties of tobacco that are less damaging to the environment and to health ; and , secondly , increasing the levy on producers ' premiums from 2 % to 3 % , thereby rejecting both the present figure of 2 % , and the commission 's proposal of 5 % . status
let us bear in mind two figures : we consume 800 000 tonnes of raw tobacco and produce 250 000 tonnes in the european union . dati
this figure more or less corresponds to quantities produced in the 1999 and 2000 financial years . 1999
these figures alone are enough to justify and provoke a study on the social and economic costs of suppressing aid to tobacco , even before we get to the political debate on this crop 's future in the european union . dati
why did you not refer to the figures that the commission itself has published on this subject , for example , the 60 million people living on the poverty line in the member states after social transfers ? dati
it will be clear to you that this is a rock-bottom figure , still well below what we need to carry out enlargement-related tasks in 2003 . cifra
when the figures for 2000 are examined , it can be seen that there were errors in seven per cent of the documents . cifre
the new ombudsman budget is very small , so any money not spent will perhaps be disproportionally reflected in percentage figures , but it is something that the budget committee needs to keep an eye on when they are setting the ombudsman 's budget . percentuali
let me again point out , with reference to the forwarding of information in the discharge procedure , that the commission always immediately posts on the internet evaluation reports on the various programmes and the different budget items , and that the figures on the implementation of the current budget are sent by electronic means to the committee on budgetary control on a weekly basis . dati
we hope that next year we will be able to analyse the figures for eu aid in accordance with the oecd 's development aid committee system , which will allow us to measure the impact of community funds on the promotion of social development more accurately . dati
this exercise in the discharge of the edf , which we ritually tackle each year , should serve as an illustration , once again , of the ridiculous situation where parliament inspects the discharge of funds that do not figure in the community budget , the amounts of which we are not consulted on and on whose expenditure we are only informed of a posteriori . figurano
that has also become a necessity , as the figures show that only 6 % of the resources in the european social fund are allocated to special measures relating to equal opportunities , whereas parliament had asked for 15 % . dati
it strikes me as positively perverse for this report to welcome a reduction in the number of journeys on official business that our officials take from luxembourg to brussels and back , and for it to be boasted that , in 2000 , eur 2.8 million was saved in this way , ignoring the fact that these figures conceal enforced transfers of lower and middle-stream officials from luxembourg to brussels , which their families find traumatic and socially and financially intolerable . cifre
following as i do the debates in some of our member states on the a 400 m cargo aircraft , they indicate to me that the objective may well be in view and figures are perhaps provided , but the actual implementation and equipment are inadequate and too slow ; hence we play a small role because we are not taken seriously , because we cannot really deliver , and because things are not being implemented as they should be . cifre
a final word , mr president-in-office of the council , with regard to the observations which have been made here and which have been brilliantly laid out by mr patten , because , when we move from the demands of humanism to figures , it is rather as if we were moving on from the beatitudes to the accounts books . cifre
for example , an embargo on arms to israel , recalling our ambassadors to the european union 's capitals , freezing all contacts with senior figures in israel 's government , and lastly suspending the association agreement .  
these figures have been confirmed by practical experience , for example in the netherlands . cifre
we are now also informed of russian troops and chechen rebels together earning a handsome figure from oil which is transported through the region illegally . combutta
unemployment figures , for example , or jobs that are directly threatened due to the abolition of customs barriers - namely , 500 000 in algeria - illustrate how far off-target we are and would even tend to illustrate that other options must be explored , such as that of cooperation between public services . cifre
in laeken , a target figure of 60 % was mentioned for women by 2010 . percento
he is a somewhat solitary figure on that particular side of the house in terms of the need to ensure that we develop the interests of business . NULL
essentially , this report should lead to a more sensible preventative - rather than curative - approach to asbestos poisoning and it could potentially result in much lower figures of workers affected . basso
the statistics speak for themselves , and we should not forget that behind each of these figures hides the face of a child , whose eyes are pleading for our help . implorano
we are surprised , in particular , that the voices of prestigious independent intellectual , religious and political figures should have been so discreet . sommesse
we have the sad task of having to pass on our sincere condolences to the families of victims who died in the floods and of all those who were injured but next , and in order to provide for all eventualities , we also need to adopt the appropriate means to demonstrate , in real figures from the budget , the solidarity of all europeans with the suffering caused to families , goods and infrastructures in these two spanish regions . numeri
if we could move away from thinking in terms of facts and figures , sums and statistics , markets and merchandise ; if we could remember at all times that our policies impact on the real lives of real people , then we would demonstrate a genuine commitment to the fundamental values we claim to cherish . cifre
similar problems , but involving lower figures , arise in headings 3 and 4 : consumption of payments in external actions in 2001 also dropped 5 points in relation to the previous year - to be specific , initiatives promoting democracy and human rights only reached 56 % of the anticipated payments . cifre
last week , commissioner fischler told the committee on fisheries that the european union 's fishing vessels are about 40 % over capacity , a figure that is not only alarming but also underlines all the more the urgent need for something to be done about this . eccedentaria
as for the data that the report is based on , we should remember that member states have until the end of 2003 to report new figures and bear in mind that we still do not know how many ships are in the eu fleet . valori
here are some figures : the debt of the hipcs increased from usd 147 billion in 1989 to usd 214 billion in 2001 ; at present , 41 of the world 's poorest countries are in a situation of bankruptcy and 300 out of every 600 hipc citizens survive on less than a dollar per day . NULL
in 1999 , according to the figures of the world bank for 2000 , the developing countries repaid their creditor northern countries usd 300 billion , the equivalent of at least four marshall plans . paesi
the commission has already announced such large payment requirements for 2003 that there is a fear that the figure will far exceed the budget ceiling . massimale
mrs torres marques ' excellent report - in which , moreover , she was willing to include contributions from her fellow members - which she supports with figures , gives such a good account that there is no need for us to go over the ground again , describing how the tourism sector is not just a sector which is vital , extremely important for the european union today but also one of the crucial sectors for its future , both in purely economic terms and indirectly , because of its potential to contribute to environmental policies , social policies cifre
however , the figures are not the most important factor , but rather that we must recognise that europe must change direction and take a qualitative and quantitative leap in order to achieve this objective of being highly competitive in the knowledge-based society . si
these are priorities which , for parliament , must now be translated into figures and calculations in euros and cents . cifre
when we now look at the budget figures from other institutions , it appears in actual fact fully possible for us to be able successfully to manage our commitments within applicable frameworks without using any flexibility instrument . dati
figures were also covered up in germany , on unemployment at least , while the deficit in both france and greece appears to be much higher than suggested by the figures released . occultamenti
all this creative accounting must stop ; the commission is already pressing for greater transparency and honesty in figures released by governments and stressing the urgent need to speed up the structural reforms needed , especially in pensions , the liberalisation of markets , especially the job and energy markets , and education standards , if the lisbon targets are to be met . dati
this is a real necessity if we still believe in the prevalence of politics over a certain type of economy , characterised by lobbying , which has certainly not yielded the desired result thus far , as is shown by the figures on the economic slowdown . dati
our concern at the moment - and i have already stated this publicly - is based on the fact that , apparently , the figure reached for 2002 would still leave us with a deficit of 2.8 % , which is too close to 3 % , with the risks inherent in this type of situation , especially since we know that the portuguese government has appointed a committee to carry out a study of the true state of public finances , the results of which we have not yet seen . dato
we also favour the promotion of investment in knowledge , in line with what was laid down in lisbon and barcelona , and we believe that we should not only invest in people , in education , in professional training and in apprenticeships , but also that we should propose a specific objective for research and development of up to 3 % of gdp , a figure that should be reached by 2010 . raggiungendo
we know - some of the figures were given by the presidency - that latin america faces a potential problem of political instability because of social inequity . cifre
the council presidency also stresses in its programme that creating and improving jobs must figure among the priorities of every presidency . figurare
nevertheless , official estimates in the eu put unemployment at 7.8 % , with spain being the member state with the highest rate of unemployment ( 12.9 % , according to figures published by eurostat in february 2002 ) and the least stable job situation , even though it has been experiencing a period of economic growth . dati
in the light of these figures , what initiatives will the council presidency take to ensure that national employment plans actually cut unemployment rates and promote quality jobs in all the member states ? risultati
one sample figure that sticks in the mind is the fact that the four richest people on this planet own as much as the 48 poorest nations combined . dato
we think that the rome summit should be a success that revitalises the objectives of the millennium , including reducing hunger and malnutrition by half by 2015 , an objective on which we are behind , because as has been said it is decreasing at a rate of 6 million people per year when the figure should be 22 million per year . dimezzamento
the figures are the following : we give about usd 50 billion a year for development assistance globally , whereas we are spending more than usd 300 billion on subsidising agriculture in the us , japan and europe . cifre
these are figures that are used deliberately by the management of those institutions to inject some realism , seriousness and proportion into the global discussion of north / south relations . istituzioni
i was looking at some figures a few days ago . cifre
the following year this was down to 4.1 years and , at the end of 2001 , the figure was 3.6 years . 1
unofficial figures set the death toll at 2000 , most of them muslims . dati
this figure is not fixed , but it reflects the needs assessment we have made so far . importo
however , as regards overall capacity reduction in the eu fleet there is great concern about the commission 's figures . cifre
please , we need to see your figures and how you arrived at them . calcoli
given these figures , i do not think it is fair to ask us to make further sacrifices when there are countries that have increased their fleets . cifre
i would like to remind you of a figure produced by your own services . cifra
these figures come from your services . dati
mr stevenson quoted a number of figures . dati
you should , in fact , just let the figures speak for themselves and quote figures which are properly backed up . dati
i will mention the following : the alis programme for the development of the information society , a four-year programme which will receive eur 85 million , of which the commission will provide 63.5 million and the latin american countries will provide the rest , until that figure is reached . 5
finally , concerning the proposal to set up a network for the protection of public figures , the commission welcomes this initiative which identifies an area where the need for strengthened cooperation in the european union has become evident .  
mr president , the ever-increasing threat from terrorist organisations , and the greater concentration of terror in the murdering of public figures , with the recent hideous murder of one of the netherlands ' leading politicians , make this matter one of vital importance today to parliament .  
once enlargement is completed we will be talking about investment figures of around eur 500 billion , and the reality is that community funding , including all of the funds available , currently only amounts to eur 2 500 billion per year . investimenti
thus , in addition to the european legal network , the european police college , and the european crime prevention network , all of which already exist , europe now seeks to impose a european network for the protection of public figures , a european public prosecutor , a european penal code , and what else , i wonder ?  
it is , in my view , an outmoded notion that such an important , politically recognisable figure should be appointed behind closed doors by government representatives . figura
these figures are telling and are all too well-known . dati
on the contrary , the attitude towards financing the meda programme has much more to do with a desire to ensure efficient , value-for-money spending with proper , generous effects for the people who should be the recipients of such development support , rather than simply having figures on a budget which can look impressive but have less impressive consequences . cifre
mr wuermeling and i are generally concerned about this as , in the border regions from which we come , the increase in the volume of traffic is not merely between 40 % and 50 % , but in excess of that figure . percento
in other words , even with the pre-accession funds , we are trying to ensure that the candidate countries do not dump their transport onto the roads and that they maintain a percentage at least equivalent to the current figure in the rail sector . viaggia
there is no doubt that enlargement automatically produces a qualitative and quantitative increase in road links , but we cannot give you more specific figures , apart from the general forecasts of around 50 % by the year 2010 . dati
what i want to know is , if we were satisfied with the figures in 1999 , why should we no longer be satisfied with the same figures in 2002 . cifre
in poland , for example , the employment figure is 19 % and is not showing any signs of abating . della
moreover , all the figures bear out that immigration to the european union is restricted . dati
i would like to mention just two key figures : one is the 15 % of agricultural production in the candidate countries , and the other is the 50 % of cultivated agricultural area that can be further capitalised . dati
if the council presidency under spanish chairmanship is unable to agree a final figure for direct agricultural aids - because of impending elections as , alas , in germany - then the last few months will be spent trying to catch up , and in my opinion there will only be losers . trasformeranno
the figures and the levels of hake stocks have been questioned and we should be guided by evidence . cifre
mr president , the subject of today 's debate is far more important than anyone who is not familiar with the figures might imagine . dati
the first is that recital k speaks of 3.5 million congolese , a figure about which nobody can be certain , and so we ask that it should speak simply in terms of millions . congolesi
even if this figure is a reflection of the natural distribution of payments over time , a constant effort is still needed from the commission to reduce the burden of the past . dato
we have economised heavily in recent years and succeeded in getting the figure down to below 1.27 , which is our limit , and although , when a further ten countries have joined the union , we will manage to keep within the limit of 1.27 , we will use up all our resources in the process . 27
the measures member states have taken to stabilise their economies have led to a very low average inflation figure over the last three years . tasso
last week a figure who was at the heart of the subject of our discussion today passed away at the age of 88 : luxembourg 's prime minister , who was in office for many years and was one of the founding fathers of the euro , pierre werner . NULL
even if the final figure were to be marginally higher than 1.7 % we are on a downward trend . cifra
it is also true that we at the ecb expect inflation for the remainder of this year and for next year to hover around this 2 % figure and so we are in a situation where we have to be extremely vigilant with regard to the risks that the figure may exceed the 2 % limit over the medium term . cifra
the upward risks i defined as coming from the monetary developments and maybe from current wage trends if past inflation figures work their way through in new wage agreements . inseriscono
do you already have a ballpark figure ? indicazione
according to figures from the international association of fish meal and fish oil manufacturers , 10 % of fish meal and 16 % of fish oil were used in aquaculture in 1990 . farina
by 2000 , these figures had risen to 35 % for fish meal and 60 % for fish oil and we may safely assume that this growth will continue . percentuali
mr president , commissioner , i really must confess , before asking my question , that the figures i gave for denmark 's catches in comparison with those of spain and france were wrong : i did not mean to say spain and france together , but six times more than spain and six times more than france . dati
i find the figures supplied by commissioner franz fischler extremely confusing and i hope that the working group studying the impact on resources for human consumption finishes its work before the reform of the common fisheries policy is implemented . dati
mr president , my dear sir , the assertion that denmark fishes six times as much as spain and france together sounds more like rumour-mongering to me , but there is little point , i think , in our hurling figures at each other . cifre
as for the distribution of workers in the tobacco sector according to the criteria mentioned by the honourable member , in other words , how many of these are young farmers and how many are women , unfortunately we have no statistics on this and there are no figures i can quote in answer to your question . dato
but , unfortunately , the statistics office does not have the figures needed to differentiate between male and female workers . dati
sadly , five years on from the first summit in 1996 , we have to acknowledge that we have clearly failed in our aim of halving this figure by 2015 . numero
these figures should cause us concern , just as the recent election results in france have done . numeri
i must start by saying that i fully share the regret expressed by other female colleagues at the sadly symbolic , worrying fact that , despite the many good intentions expressed , of the members of the european convention planning the future of europe and therefore the future of the rights of european citizens - both men and women - only 16 % are women , which i feel is a genuinely disturbing figure . dato
this proportion may be higher , depending on how one calculates the figure . calcolo
mr mugabe is a figure who has survived the loss of two elections , the moral victor being the opposition . personaggio
he is a sad figure who tries to have complete control over the law . figura
a special control committee for ' political-social ' surveys has been set up , which is most certainly behind the publication of president lukashenko 's painful popularity figures ( just 30 % in april 2002 ) . penosi
mr lukashenko is a scourge on this country , and has become - thank god , one has to say - a figure unique in modern-day europe . figura
we cannot fail to observe that the accident figures vary widely across different regions and continents across the world . dati
it can be used to launch innovative products onto the market , to promote customer relations , to stimulate short-term campaigns by giving them a competitive edge , to react promptly to falling sales figures and as a means of effective stock management . fatturati
the second point of the conclusions of that report lays down that the said database will begin to operate after 1 january 2003 , although this will not prevent the presentation of indicative figures before that date . cifre
while repeating to the commission that we need that information for the purposes of the mid-term reform of agenda 2000 , i would like the commission to answer a simple question : on what date will the database in question begin to operate , and when will the indicative figures be presented ? cifre
the statistics will cover 14 member states , because figures for greece are still not available . cifre
in a study , the austrian institute of economic research puts a figure of over eur 7.5 billion on the damage . 5
mrs fiebiger has quoted the figures . dati
and quite apart from that , the commissioner responsible , franz fischler , with whom i am in constant personal contact , and again may i express thanks to him for that , has ordered eur 560 million to be paid in the form of direct payments to farmers , although the final figure will be higher because , according to my information , regions in mecklenburg and vorpommern have now been included . cifra
there has been no playing victims off against non-victims , north against south , member states against candidate countries , budget figures against each other , projects against new plans . cifre
the global appropriations for commitments amount to eur 99 548 million , which constitutes an increase of scarcely 0.9 % on the 2002 figure . inferiore
the global appropriations for payments amount to eur 96 992 million , which constitutes an increase of 1.4 % on the 2002 figure . 992
that figure as it stands right now should be eur 30 million . cifra
that is not to say that , come our second reading , the figure may well be eur 47.5 million but , for the sake of this debate and to clarify issues , our argument is that the council put the wrong figure in : it should be eur 30 million . cifra
it is either one year or any figure greater than one year presents us with these problems . eventualmente
mr president , i would like to start by congratulating the rapporteur on her work , on the figures and statistics presented , which , although there is a lack of homogenous data , reveal that violence against women and children is an extremely disturbing phenomenon . cifre
in the face of such tragic figures , we are astounded at the allocation of such an inadequate sum , even taking into account the increase of the 2002 budget by eur 1 million . drammatici
according to the un 's own figures , one and a half million people , including 600 000 children , have died as a direct consequence . cifre
the figures provided by the afghan government have been unintentionally misleading to the international community . dati
mr president , i would like to tell you that i would be interested to know the figure whenever the president-in-office of the council can provide it , in other words , how many female agricultural workers are expected on the first wave of accession . dati
at the moment this is not possible , but i would be grateful if you could send me the figure . informazioni
the figures on the aid managed by the agency would appear , however , to be more or less in order as regards the relationship between projects , financing , payment times and results , and this is good news . NULL
mr president , ibn-khaldoun was one of those major historical figures who demonstrate how much we in europe owe to the arab and islamic world . figure
the figures for child labour and trafficking in children are highest in nigeria . cifre
mr president , as mr heaton-harris has obviously got hold of the wrong figures , i would just like to briefly repeat what mr van hulten has just said , namely that nine dismissals were requested . dati
these figures are a disgrace when you think that the overwhelming majority of people seeking asylum in our countries are from places such as afghanistan , iraq , turkey , iran or other countries with serious problems . cifre
the big question is whether you are able to supply these figures by means of this other system , because based on the commission 's new system of accounting , we expect that these figures will be available in due course . dati
i do not think it is satisfactory that food falsification has almost doubled between the year 2000 and 2001 , which is , for example , another figure that has appeared in the press and which has not , so far , been denied by the commission . apparsi
not by any stretch of the imagination did i , however , at any time think that the commission did its accounts on an excel spreadsheet so that the figures could be adjusted without anyone 's knowing . cifre
therefore , the figure for non-implementation is not serious ; our aim must be for the responsibility for non-implementation to fall to those who have caused it . dato
mr president , commissioner , as many speakers have stated here already , the latest budget monitoring figures also show that the implementation of the structural fund programmes and payments made with regard to the programmes have progressed far too slowly . cifre
that is how the figure of 100 billion may have been arrived at . cifra
i mentioned the issue of the 5 million to illustrate that i do not fully agree with your comparison of the figures . cifre
i have been given a clear understanding that the global health fund 's transitional working group meeting in brussels agreed usd 100 million for a board seat , that the global fund secretariat has already budgeted for a usd 120 million european community contribution for next year , and that approved projects will be cut if we fail to match that figure . cifra
the commission will provide the breakdown of figures against the various dac codes from the oecd showing commitments in 2002 and 2003 for health and education . cifre
the committee on budgets needs to know a figure . cifra
mr president , my reluctance to answer is based on the fact that we do not have a figure . cifra
it is against this background that the commission finds it advisable not to come up with a figure today . cifra
we do not have a figure right now . cifra
so far , there has been no sign from the other donors to suggest that this figure is inadequate at the present time . farebbero
the numerous measures adopted by my colleagues mr nielson and mr patten at administrative level , namely the adoption of new structures to facilitate more rapid implementation , are genuinely having an impact on the budget figures . cifre
mr president , let me give a single set of figures to illustrate this in responding to mr van dam , who mentioned correctly the low level of implementation of tacis and other programmes . cifre
the following year this figure was down to 4.1 years and at the end of last year we were down to 3.66 years . cifra
the figures mentioned by mr wijkman in this ongoing discussion on how much we do on health and education , the money devoted specifically to the global health fund , is of course not the whole story . cifre
we are also discussing the totality of the money being spent and i need to come back to this figure of 35 % as the target expenditure on the social sectors , which we agreed to with parliament and which i still think is something we can deliver . cifra
the figure quoted by mrs gill on renewable energy only regards a special initiative . dato
the total figure for what we do in the field of energy also , especially with regard to renewable energy in development cooperation , is much bigger . NULL
the pdb actually cut the budget for olaf by a substantial figure and we had no answers as to why that money had been cut . decurtazione
at its first reading , the council retained the figures in the preliminary draft budget . cifre
instead we should focus on the actual budgetary figures for the coming year and here there are two essential points which most definitely require a clear decision from us . cifre
this year , however , the figures are clearly rising again . disoccupati
we must not become accustomed to these high figures . cifre
my last point is that we need to continue investing in people , because no matter how many figures and statistics are put before us the bottom line is that we are talking about one single individual person who has lost out on an opportunity within the european union . cifre
after all , these challenges are greater than ever before when we see that successes in employment are being cancelled out by weak economic growth and that poor labour market figures are in turn dampening growth . vanificati
when , while 42 % of women are in the labour market , not even 25 % of women are represented in the administrative bodies of the unions , a figure dropping below 12 % or 10 % in some administrative bodies , and if , for example , employers ' organisations have 1 % or 2 % of women in their administrative bodies , then i maintain that these social partners are not representative of the labour market . dato
we would therefore ask first and foremost that data be collated and that a database be set up that tracks the presence of women amongst the social partners , for it is extremely difficult , commissioner , mr president and fellow meps , to obtain these figures . dati
this is not too bad for the trade unions since they themselves keep track of these figures to some extent , but this is practically impossible for employers . aggiornati
if you were to ask any member state what the proportion of women is in employers ' organisations , you would not get a reply , any figures or data . cifra
if we have to wait for the figures , it will be a long time before anything happens . dati
in any case , these studies reveal a pyramid structure , in which about 40 % of the total number of trade union members are women , and the percentage falls to less than half that figure the nearer one gets to the decision-making structures at the top of the pyramid . percentuale
so celebrations are unjustified and do not reflect the real picture , which is that generalised , long-term unemployment - and we are talking decades here - is hovering around 10 % and is accompanied by generalised , temporary , short-term forms of employment , for which employers may even be subsidised , in order to artificially reduce the figures by making several unemployed persons share one job . cifre
many things are actually less surprising when one looks at the figures that show how much was supplied to the middle east last year . cifre
he will recall that we tried to provide the figures for commission projects a few months ago . dati
it is an important point and it should be possible to arrive at a figure . quantificazione
this whole report would , in fact , have been redundant if four years ago , during the negotiations with the council , we had been able to persuade the ministers to consider the figures too . cifre
the present ombudsman , mr söderman , from whom we have already heard , has become a well recognised and respected figure in the european union and his receipt of awards such as the alexis de tocqueville prize further demonstrates this . figura
i will use the same figure of speech the former foreign minister andrei gromyko of the former soviet union used referring to the present chairman of the russian social democratic people 's party , mikhail gorbachov : the ombudsman must have iron teeth . gromyko
i must also call upon the brussels summit to correct the figures . cifre
if some of this does manage to trickle through , there will always be some finance ministry or other which , by sketching worst-case scenarios , combined with strong exaggerations and their own interpretation of the figures , is prepared once again to awaken latent fears , put enlargement in a bad light and even to use the candidate countries as bargaining counters in the political wrangle with other member states about the review of agricultural policy . dati
in addition it has been suggested that these weapons could be supplied to terrorist networks , though some notable public figures , for example brent scowcroft , national security advisor to president bush senior , have expressed scepticism on this point . figure
a host of false rumours is being spread as to how much money is coming in , but the calculations made on the basis of the actual figures show that every penny is going into the oil for food programme and that that is not enough . cifre
is it not relying too much on figures from the recent past , when growth and the development of productivity were far better than now ? cifre
the erasmus programme , which has already been mentioned , and the figure of one million students moving round europe do not add up to a serious endeavour to increase the cross-cultural dimension of education and to familiarise students with educational systems and prepare them to become mobile european workers . milione
the commission 's announcement of its slogan ' zero tolerance for fraud and irregularities ' has not prevented the officially-acknowledged fraud figures for 2000 from being higher than ever , and even those for 2001 from being , at eur 1.25 billion , well above the average for previous years . 25
for years , eurostat has entered into contracts with a firm that has supplied false information . this is shown by a cursory comparison of the figures . dati
we can include as many processing deadlines as we like in the regulation , but without any competition these figures are meaningless . cifre
it is worth repeating the figures : cases among cats and dogs have fallen from nearly 500 in 1991 to just 5 in 1998 . cifre
we are calling for a fair distribution of quotas based on population figures , consumer demand and production potential . dati
the initial step involved obtaining a figure from all the institutions for the amount of money remaining in the annual budget , that is , the budget for 2002 . cifra
the 2003 budget is proving to be a good one , and i congratulate the rapporteurs on their commitment , all the effort they have put in and the results achieved , thanks , not least , to commissioner schreyer , the entire commission structure , the secretariat and the draftsmen , but i can only emphasise that this is a technical budget in which our role has been primarily that of making the figures add up , lacking as we do the strength , the courage and the will to introduce genuine political measures . quadrare
in this context , however , i hope that the member states concerned , and in particular the german government , will now also announce their figures quickly . cifre
i should like to illustrate this using just two figures : if we are able , according to the financial perspective , to spend eur 42 billion on the agricultural policy but can , after considerable effort , only scrape together a final total of eur 47 million for common activities under the common foreign and security policy then this shows an imbalance in our political priorities . cifre
no , if this budget is historic , it is because it is the first to exceed eur 100 billion , the first in budgetary history to reach three figures . cifre
apart from the fact that the increase in this part of the budget is only superficial , since account must be taken of the inclusion of pre-accession aid for cyprus , malta and , in particular , turkey , the general trend conveyed by the figures is not an indication of a great desire on the part of the union to shoulder its responsibilities with regard to the south . cifre
the commission 's former chief accountant has drawn our attention to a number of concerns about the computer systems and how to ensure that our taxpayers ' money , our national governments ' money , is being spent correctly if the computer systems used do not support each other or provide proper figures . cifre
while it may be correct that the wfp could cover only 11 % of needs in october , it must be said that this figure relates only to deliveries from wfp and does not take account of deliveries from other donors . cifra
in the public call for tender of 1994 , a figure of 1 053 potential users was given as an indication . numero
that was our aim in not rushing into a mathematical calculation to produce a figure for the accession of the new member states but , once again , waiting in order to be able to resolve the issue within a politically appropriate and intelligent way . matematico
i will quickly read the figures for the record . cifre
finally , we do not need a figure for amendment 593 , because it has been withdrawn . importo
secondly , following eurostat 's new figure on salary adjustments , which is now reduced from 2.6 % to 2 % , the amounts entered in the different sections on staff expenditure also need to be adjusted accordingly . nelle
in other words , we must ensure that the member states deliver reliable figures on their emissions and on the flexible mechanisms . dati
this is where the figures start to get confusing . cifre
establishing partial decoupling in the work of the committee would allow producers to receive a fixed sum of basic aid per farm or per hectare , calculated on past figures but restricted to a maximum figure of eur 10 000 . storici
other factors besides figures for gdp have also to be taken into account , such as regional climate , remoteness , sparse population and the unemployment rate . dati
it is quite right not to go into detail and not to give precise figures , but the key points need to be identified and central issues need to be resolved in good time . dati
the commission will soon publish figures on the employment gains and growth effects of ten years of the internal market . dati
i am convinced that there is a correlation between the legal rules in member states on advertising and the figures for adult consumption of tobacco in those member states . numero
we are naturally waiting for an appropriate time to question the commission on these dramatic figures , madam president , which will be when we study this communication . cifre
mr president , i believe that , in summary , it is a question of us , with generosity and a vision of the future , being able , although figures are important , to put ideals before figures . numeri
you have accepted a figure of 35 % , you have reached an average of 28 % . cifra
we are very sceptical of an amendment deleting the recital which noted that joint ventures can be used to massage fleet reduction figures . flotte
hearings were held with leading figures from the supervisory world and the report you have before you is a reflection of the discussions that we have held . figure
when the fundamental rules and standards protecting the general interest of the people of europe are at issue , the issue of democratic control should figure more prominently . avere
even though this is the highest number of prohibition decisions issued in a single year , this figure continues to represent only around 1.5 % of all final decisions . cifra
the figures are most edifying : in europe , 500 000 people are struck down by this plague each year . cifre
my colleague , mr herzog , as rapporteur , has stated all of this in a slightly less emphatic way , but has tabled sound proposals in order at least to bring the figures more on a par , to increase the ceiling for amounts that have to be declared to eur 200 000 , to adopt an active , regional policy in areas of the czech republic and poland with a strong steel industry , to abolish the inspection of aid to services of general interest and to give parliament more control over policy . cifre
on 18 and 19 november in brussels , president prodi and commissioner patten met iran 's foreign minister , mr kharrazi , who undertook to participate in future dialogue between the european union and iran on human rights , and challenged , together with other leading iranian figures , professor aghajari 's unjustified sentence .  
the court of auditors is celebrating its twenty-fifth anniversary , for which congratulations are in order , and i can only say that in those twenty-five years , the court of auditors has become a father figure without which this parliament would be unable to do its job . figura
if your checks are so thorough , why do you not give us , the parliament , a figure that we have requested for many years now , which is the percentage of money lost through fraud , mismanagement and waste - a figure you used to give us to allow us to have a benchmark to see if things are materially getting better . dato
speaking on behalf of our group , i would also like to remind you that , even if the danish proposal is accepted , we still have eur 2.391 billion in hand , on the assumption that the figure , to which commissioner verheugen referred , is correct . cifra
the figure for appropriations , ladies and gentlemen , is really very impressive , i have to say , and the word meanness is not appropriate . ammontare
these figures are already reasonably balanced , i should say . cifre
the difficult task of reaching a quota figure that is sustainable yet scientifically credible remains . contingente
the national parliaments and governments have believed in it right from the start , and sent major figures to represent them .  
other institutional figures , lacking a clearly defined role and which would undermine the unity of representation abroad , must not interfere with the government of the union . al
the only data that the commission presents in this proposal for a regulation establishing an emergency measure for scrapping fishing vessels are just rough figures . cifre
we reject the figure of 10 million animals slaughtered because farmers have only claimed for 6.5 million and this is a fantasy figure being used for political gain . risarcimenti
as , for example , the statistics quoted appear to be contrary to official uk figures , it brings into question the wider points of the report . cifre
if you are talking about the budget figures for 2003 , with the minimal increase that we all greatly welcome and support , then honesty requires of us that we add that it took a large number of measures on our part in order for these slight growth rates to be made possible , as the 2002 budget was not passed in the form in which it was drawn up . NULL
i consider it a great success on our part to have succeeded in securing the promises of aid for afghanistan for 2003 as well , but i do think - and this has been discussed here on many occasions - that it is not acceptable for europe 's foreign ministers to keep on coming up with new things to focus on , so that the old priorities suddenly become redundant , and we have the laborious task of setting it all out in figures . quadrare
take a look at payments , and the figure of 1.9 % does not , at first sight , appear to be very much . NULL
this is a transitional budget : as mr walter said , it shows us the tough reality of figures which are , once again , a reflection of the miserly rigidity of the states . cifre
mr president , the figure the commissioner has given is eur 40 million , apparently for the period 2002-2004 . cifra
i would like to know whether there is any possibility of this figure of eur 40 million , if it is considered simply to be an initial figure , being increased so that we may have a sensible programme of cooperation with morocco which would allow that country to control its borders . importo
it should also be added that this figure does not represent all the resources available for addressing the problem in general . cifra
i am grateful to the honourable member and i will happily send to him and to mr collins , who i know has a longstanding interest in this matter , the full statements that were originally provided to parliament , but i am sure the figures will be of interest . cifre
i am more than happy to provide the full figures in the communication that we gave to parliament and the council in october and i will see that they are with the honourable member before tomorrow evening . cifre
when we have the final figures in the first week or so of next year i will certainly ensure that the honourable member receives those in detail . NULL
i do not wish to make a particularly big issue of this , for the simple reason that i have seen how in my country , belgium , we have managed , in one year in flanders , to collect 4 kilos and are increasing that figure at an extremely fast rate . cifra
experts should be in a position to suspect that the information on emissions they are examining has been compiled using a very different scale or measurement procedure from the figure to which they are attempting to relate the information . dato
as far as the oral question is concerned , the commission does not have exact figures concerning the overall scale of voluntary and forced repatriation promoted by member states . dati
according to cirefi statistics for 2001 , with returns from 12 of the 15 member states - the uk , ireland and the netherlands did not provide figures - a total of around 333 000 people have been returned . dato
in 2002 , from january to september , 98 000 people have been returned by member states , but this figure does not include the uk , ireland , the netherlands and luxembourg which have not provided us with the figures . cifre
to give you a figure , in my country , and in just one town close to barcelona , l 'hospitalet , which has 800 000 inhabitants , 17 670 people have been recorded , many of them illegal immigrants . cifra
lastly , in amendment 168 on budget line a-200 - rent and ground rent - the figures should be modified as follows : add eur 3 409 073 , giving a final amount of eur 132 590 904 . importi
yesterday as well , the media reflected the figures relating to domestic violence inflicted on women by their husbands , boyfriends or ex-partners . dati
the national railway companies ' actions in recent years have predominantly been characterised by the fact that they have continued to try to cordon off their markets , while at the same time coming to terms with the consistent and dramatic decline in their figures in the freight transport sector . dati
my figures might not be exact but i believe the concept is clear . calcolo
what i am about to say may sound like a provocation , but i cannot avoid talking to you about another serious problem which concerns citizens from every european country , that is the 500 000 job cuts in the engineering industry over the next four or five years , a figure i have been given by an international trade union source . dato
even in greece , the country where public finance makes the lowest contribution to health services , the figure is about 56 % , rising to 84 % in the united kingdom . 84
these figures alone show that our society faces a change which will affect policy on social security , employment , finance and the economy . NULL
we were made as welcome by the lebanese press as by such well-known figures as the maronite patriarch monsignor sfeir , or the former head of state mr amin gemayel .  
as other members have said , the figures speak for themselves : this is an industry where employment is growing , it is an industry that is responding to rising demand , it is an industry that eases the difficulties of many coastal areas which would otherwise have no alternatives , it is an industry that also helps us fight the battle we have ahead of us with the decline in wild fish stocks . numeri
i would like to mention for the record that this is not what appears from the figures in that vote . dati
this committee was set up and started work in september 2000 and published its final report in october 2002 , in which it points out that high-ranking political , military and business figures in uganda , rwanda and zimbabwe , as well as the congo , are plundering the natural - mainly mineral - wealth of the congo on a massive scale for personal gain or , in the case of rwanda , for their country 's benefit . personaggi
people are quoting figures of 4.5 million congolese victims since 1998 , 2.5 million people displaced , 16 million condemned to death , thousands deported to rwanda and uganda , and i prefer not to mention the details of the massacres that have taken place , which are unbearable . 5
in 2000 , eur 6.5 billion in structural funds appropriations remained unspent , in 2001 the figure was 10.5 billion , and last year it was 8.1 billion . 1
in future , we will have to adjust the amounts and figures actually spent against what was originally planned , or the other way around . cifre
these figures are eloquent and require no further elucidation . cifre
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the figures are tragically eloquent in describing the north / south divide . cifre
it was therefore extremely positive that , given the tragedy of these figures , the johannesburg summit made , for the first time , a very close link between the eradication of poverty and environmental protection . portata
apart from the figures , though , i think that we should be shocked by the trend revealed by these statistics : this population which potentially has a death sentence hanging over it , despite the efforts of mankind , continues to grow . numeri
these figures prove that the benefits of globalisation have still not reached that many people . numeri
a few remarks concerning figures : at the world food summit last spring , i offered the analysis that approximately 80 % of the people who are really starving in the world do so because of conflicts . cifre
so far , and this is a figure we can be proud of , 99.1 % of what the european commission has been providing in the southern african food crisis has been bought in the region . cifra
this report does not do so with respect to the new figure of eur 351 million , so my committee will only be in a position to support this report if the rapporteur tables an oral amendment to this effect . cifra
moving on to this figure , we have to recognise the constraints in the financial perspective that we have at the moment . importo
the world population report for 2002 , which has just appeared , contains some shocking figures . cifre
this is happening at a time when we have 15 million unemployed in europe , and when , in my own country , the figure is nearing 5 million . numero
in the past , austria used this ecopoints system - which was soon to be abandoned - and , after laeken , the european council remained strangely undecided until the very end of last year , when a solution was found that was described in committee as a virtual solution , meaning that , in actual fact , the figures were theoretical . numeri
we are therefore calling for the imposition of a permanent 8 % limit on growth compared to the figure for 1991 . dato
this is not the time to give figures , i refuse to do that , we do not have time , but i must say that we are also moving in that direction . cifre
commissioner , the copenhagen figures , as i understand it , are budget figures , while what we are discussing now , in relation to your presentation , are financial perspective figures . NULL
is that what the commission is going to say , that we should take the copenhagen figures as a minimum and go further , in case the needs are greater than the council 's estimates ? cifre
mr president , to follow on from that , the figures that we have been given - the copenhagen figures - are actually lower than the figures provided subsequently . cifre
therefore , the copenhagen figures could not have been maximum figures , since the figures that we have seen since are actually larger . cifre
i would like to have the commissioner 's view of what will happen if the council puts the copenhagen figures into the accession treaties . cifre
but as a parliament , we face the dilemma that the council may put in these figures to make sure that we vote for the accession treaties . cifre
mr president , the answer to mr wynn 's first question , which related to the comparison between the figures incorporated in the copenhagen resolutions and those tabulated in the commission proposal , is that it has to be emphasised that all the negotiations in copenhagen were conducted using 1999 prices , as we were guided by the berlin resolutions , which were based on these . cifre
after all , it is perfectly clear that the tables and figures from copenhagen are to be regarded as a minimum to be guaranteed only until such time as there is a policy on the basis of article 25 of the interinstitutional agreement . cifre
if it is now assumed that the copenhagen figures will be incorporated into the treaties and will be definitively laid down only in an approval procedure that is to take place very soon , there is , as you said , the de facto possibility of influencing the financial perspective in a codecision procedure involving the interested parties in the budgetary authority , or are we being thrown back on the ' do or die ' position , in which we can only accept or reject ? NULL
i would , though , like to re-emphasise the fact that the judicial issue is of crucial importance as regards the significance of the approval of the accession treaties with their figures , as against the negotiations on the inter-institutional agreement . cifre
the statistical review which was carried out in 2002 led to an increase in greece 's debt ratio in 2001 , which rose to 7 % of gdp higher than the figure previously estimated . dato
we have carefully noted the figures sent to us by oxfam , which address in particular this vast difference between the retail price in supermarkets and the sum paid to growers . dati
i can even quote figures to support this : dati
the figures are indeed worrying . dati
in the last six years we have seen around a million new jobs created a year , although last year the figure was only around half a million . cifra
members of the public and businesses should also benefit from this treasure trove of information , whose commercial value is difficult to put a figure on . quantificabile
whilst the base station network has grown phenomenally , the figures for cancer in finland have fallen radically . cifre
deaths indirectly related to drug use , such as aids , traffic accidents , violence or suicide , bring this figure to approximately 20 000 a year . cifra
if you look at the european figures from the mcdda , offences in the eu have doubled since 1991 and quadrupled in some countries such as france , greece and spain . dati
many of them , as those figures show , are children . dati
it will come as no surprise either then to learn that at the moment we do not have either precise figures on the implant operations carried out or complete scientific findings based on the adverse effects suffered by the women . dati
transport accounts for more than 30 % of the end use of energy in the community and that figure is growing all the time . quota
the difficult task of arriving at a quota figure that is sustainable , yet scientifically credible , remains . contingente
negotiations are still taking place on this subject , but , as far as parliament is concerned , adoption of the acts of accession , and the figures they contain , should not automatically signify approval of the financial perspective . cifre
what i expect is that the commission will not delay long in producing precise figures and an analysis of why this is so and of the obstructions involved . cifre
official figures indicate that there are 4.7 million unemployed in germany alone , the highest level for five years , and the wave of bankruptcies among its businesses and the high level of taxes and duties , which spare neither businesses nor private citizens , are set to reach record levels . dati
in this context , the endless calls for social dialogue are a rather surreal figure of speech . surrealistica
summer 2006 , in a best-case scenario , is theoretically the earliest that we will achieve a figure of 15 eurozone members . teoricamente
current and precise population figures are available for all member states ; they are calculated on a per capita and therefore absolutely comparable basis , and take account of the fact that the primary focus of a rational monetary policy based on the eu treaties must not be on the capital markets , but on the people affected by it . dati
in my discussions with the prime minister and the leader of the ak party and also with other leading figures in turkish politics , i made it clear that the commission is expected to issue an opinion and a recommendation at the end of 2004 stating whether or not turkey meets the political criteria for accession and , if so , recommending when accession negotiations with turkey should start . esponenti
mr president , commissioner , i am rather surprised by your answer , because it is of course all a matter of juggling with figures . numeri
i repeat my question : can you confirm here that in terms of quantities - i am not talking about figures or about values - just as much food was made available in 2002 as in the years before ? cifre
we are pleased to note that , when we talk about the figures relating to development in sweden , the remaining convergence criteria are being complied with even more comfortably than in the past . dati
we have already met both mr powell and mrs rice and other political figures on the american political scene in a bid to ensure that there is a substantive debate between the european union and president bush on these issues at the summit council in june . rappresentanti
the sorry figure cut by the european union in recent weeks should not blind us to the real and remarkable achievements of the common foreign and security policy over the last decade , in the balkans , afghanistan and many other parts of the world . NULL
we radicals , together with hundreds of other public figures and members of parliament from very many countries , are convinced that there is still time and space for another scenario : the exile of the dictator of baghdad as the only real way to avert war .  
it therefore follows that some member states do not give the full figures , as then they would have to pay more . cifre
however , there is no reason to welcome the figure of 13 million unemployed that the text gives , which is certainly underestimated and which , moreover , fails to take into account those who have to settle for precarious and badly paid employment . dato
a few figures can illustrate how substantial our financial assistance package has been . dati
when we do indeed focus upon money , we shall be able to attach some real figures to inequality . cifre
however , we cannot draw any significant conclusions about general trends from the figures for just one year , especially because it was not possible in the report to differentiate between fraud and more general irregularities , because in this respect the member states do not yet report in a uniform way . cifre
i also think that the figures that the commissioner gave just now on the benefits that we all gain from harmonisation speak volumes as far as that is concerned . da
the spread of the habit , particularly among young people , is mirrored by the increasing , truly appalling figures representing the geometric increase in cases of lung cancer , which calls for much greater determination from europe to implement the measures already planned . geometrica
the reality is that , in comparison to previous years , this is the second highest level that figures for suspected fraud have reached . graduatoria
if signing up to whatever richard pearle has to say is a necessary price to pay to demonstrate that one is a passionate believer in the transatlantic relationship , then you had better put in a call to brent scowcroft or to many of the most distinguished figures in previous republican administrations . rappresentanti
there will be an amendment from the ppe-de and pse groups to paragraphs 6 and 7 , to remove the figures , to delete paragraph 7 , and to put in a statement which will mention our rights again , because this is what this debate is all about . cifre
even if we can agree figures for category 3 in this declaration , do not take that as a sign of parliament selling itself just for a small amount of money . cifre
i consider this to be a completely arbitrary figure , which does not take into account the qualitative aspects of phytosanitary products and , above all , overlooks the economic aspects of crop protection . indicazione
i would point out that we have a figure for germany of eur 36 million per year in compensation , which enables us to measure the economic impact of this problem . dovendo
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , at a time when many people are rightly condemning a war that has already killed hundreds of people , i would like to start my speech this morning with some equally appalling figures . dati
if we look at hiv / aids , by the year 2000 , 9 million women and 4.3 million children had died of aids , and these figures are going up . cifre
this figure must increase to at least usd 10 billion a year if we are to combat the disease effectively . efficacia
the rapporteur has already cited the figures . dati
it is encouraging because of the figures on the new effort being made by all the member states , which have appropriated eur 600 million for research in addition to the 100 million stipulated by the fifth framework programme . cifre
by means of this publication , the commission intends to establish an extremely broad debate on all the issues relating to this figure and this has led it to include certain points which , if this were a legislative draft , would be considered crude , with gaps , and questionable in many respects . figura
the green paper , however , can be summed up in the idea , the intellectual hypothesis , that the defence of community , and therefore cross-border , financial interests can perhaps be better defended by a figure also at community level in this same field . figura
it is a figure drawn from thin air which somehow gives the impression that pesticide use is inherently bad . cifra
the selection procedure must be carried out by a high-level selection board comprising leading figures from the academic world . giudicatrice
in some points our accounting is already exemplary , so far as publication is concerned , namely in that we publish the figures for the cash-based revenue and expenditure account monthly on the internet . cifre
persons authorised to enter as family members , as a percentage of all immigrants , varies from 40 to 50 % , and this figure is even higher in certain member states of the union such as france or the united kingdom . valori
in france , whether the minister of the interior likes it or not , the total number of permanent entries totalled 119 000 people in 2002 , that is , less than the figure for 1998 , and the principal reason for this migration remains , in 77 % of cases , family reunification . dato
my question is whether , in fact , with regard to the employment rates which have always been referred to , on a regional level and a european level for 2010 and 2005 , the member states will be bound by specific figures , whether each state will be obliged to move on from literature to mathematics , whether we will really have a european employment strategy at state level which does not consist solely of ideas , but which also involves a demand for results , from the european parliament and from public opinion . cifre
there is a system for reviewing figures and behaviour and , with regard to the need raised by the honourable members to be provided with the figures , many of them are already available in the spring report which we presented . cifre
the figures which appear in it are not the absolute figures ; in many cases , there are no aggregated community figures , but there are figures for each of the member states in relation to r + d and other types of education , which provide a degree of homogeneity enabling us to compare what is happening in each of them . cifre
the commission does not currently have figures on the visibility of hotlines in terms of recognition by the general public , but a question about hotline visibility will be included in a europe-wide eurobarometer survey planned for later this year . cifre
i recognise that the figures are impressive : i recognise that 48 % of all robberies in central london involve mobile phones and that the rate in paris is about 40 % . cifre
i would also like to congratulate mr bayona de perogordo because he has listened , he has taken account of many opinions and , in fact , the final document is a document of consensus , enriched by parliament , which has many new figures and many new initiatives , and i believe that that is the way to work in terms of institutional cooperation . figure
the decision we took to open up europe to the countries which were already part of the continent was a political decision , not an economic decision , not a decision based on figures and calculations which would not have justified this process , but a decision based on the ideal of justice . numeri
budgetary conflict - although an agreement was reached at the last moment , i must strongly criticise the council 's unilateral action of including budgetary figures in the accession treaty . cifre
the current figures are four swiss , eight austrians , one dutch , one swede and fifteen germans . cifre
we need to add spending by the european union to national spending for the same purpose by the governments of the 15 at present or the 25 in the future in order to reach a comparable figure . raffronto
thus all seemed plain sailing , until we had the rapporteur 's proposal to reduce the figure to 250 mg , whereupon we had the commission 's brainstorm .  
it almost seemed to us , as mr bowis has said , that it was picking a figure out of a hat . cifra
i would nonetheless point out to you that we are working within the international maritime organisation to increase the figure concerned , which at present is absolutely ridiculous , to eur 1 000 million . cifra
it should be clear that what we are after is for the figure to be doubled . percentuale
by sticking to the montreal convention and the ecac figures i hope we have been able to find and bring forward a balanced report that will hopefully find a way forward . dati
but i think that it is good that we are entering new territory and my group supports liability for ecological damage , even though we are all aware that it will be difficult to put actual figures on this in practice . cifre
in belgium , for example , that amounts to eur 300 million per power station , and in my country the figure is eur 2.26 billion . 26
new orders represent less than 60 % of those made in 2000 , although in the european union this figure was 77 % , to which we can add falling prices . dato
all i am saying is that we , as the committee on budgets , should take the necessary steps to ensure that we have some allowance and that we will consider the figures in the next few months . cifre
at eur 100.6 billion , the volume of expenditure has been increased by hardly 3.3 % of the 2003 figure ; moreover , the 2003 budget related solely to the europe of 15 . 6
what then are the key figures for the 2004 preliminary draft budget ? cifre
this is the global figure . cifra
out of 200 000 companies - commissioner , my figures are slightly higher than yours - in this european cooperative sector representing over 3 million jobs , between 10 and 12 % operate outside the local area and their activities concern every sector of economic life . statistiche
i advise him to look up the number of animals for which compensation was claimed before he uses his total figures for mass slaughter - as hideous as that undoubtedly was . cifre
europe 's share of the figure of eur 8 billion per year mentioned earlier is available . quota
successes at film festivals , the sought-after jangling of money in box-office tills , good viewer figures - all these things are directly dependent on a performer 's quality as an actor and on his or her popularity with the public . audience
we were surprised at this figure of 25.7 api that was pulled out for the definition of heavy crude oil . definizione
i understand the council has also gone for this figure of 25.7 , which will probably cause certain troubles , especially in the north sea oil fields . 7
in each country there are balance of payments difficulties , but quite encouraging growth figures in all three . dati
for example , the commission proposed a modification of the common organisation of the market in the milk sector - which is no more than a reform of the reform already adopted in agenda 2000 for this product - and the costs of which will rise to eur 1 500 million in 2013 , a figure which coincides in that year with the budgetary deficit which the commission estimates in its financial record sheet . cifra
i totally agree with you , i only need give you a few figures . dati
first of all , the upper limits for sulphur content should be lower , and so i fully support the figure of 0.5 % ; secondly , zones should be extended with the aim of reducing sulphur dioxide emissions into other zones to below the levels laid down in the marpol convention - it is therefore crucial that the commission fights within the marpol convention to extend these emissions reductions to the mediterranean , the northeast atlantic and the black sea ; thirdly , i believe it is important that our action in the field of climate change to reduce 5
in fact , in the uk the figure is 0 % , which is a shameful indictment of the uk government . cifra
that is why i hope that this sentence , which still figures in the proposal , will finally be deleted . contenuta
the pre-accession aid has not been fully used , and i regret that the commissioner mentioned a figure of eur 200 million . 200
you probably do not want to exceed that figure , but i believe that we need more , because economic development is a prerequisite for our co-existence , for the development of this community and for the ultimate solution of the problems of refugees . cifra
according to the commission 's own figures , more than 4 000 ships are classed as hazardous . cifre
europe invests more in texas than america invests in japan ; american investments in the netherlands are about twice the figure for american investments in mexico . doppio
the good thing about the open coordination process as we know it now is that the facts and figures will now at least be on the table . cifre
as you know , the process started with a decision taken by heads of state and government , who decided at a given time to produce honest figures on employment . dati
we could predict that the rise in the standard of living for women in the new member states and the candidate countries and changes in lifestyle there will make the figures look even worse . cifre
the amendments tabled by the committee on budgets state that the figures do comply with the financial perspectives up to 2006 . importi
the assessments are carried out in conjunction with the commission to ensure that the figures are within the financial perspective . importi
in the light of the votes on these amendments , could the commission inform us whether those figures remain within the financial perspective ? importi
israel 's agreement today to end the track-and-kill operations of senior political figures from islamist groups is to be welcomed . figure
although everyone is aware of these figures , i believe they are worth repeating , because they demonstrate the sector 's importance . dati
two recent opinion polls in the uk gave figures of 92 % and 96 % as wanting to leave the european union , and yet this proposal would deny funding to any party who should dare to represent the views of that very large proportion of its citizens . uscire
amendments nos 9 to 11 on risk mapping and potassium nitrate were already accepted by the commission during the first reading and consequently they figure in the commission 's amended proposal . figurano
mr president , although a lot has been said in today 's debate about threshold values , and about their being politically arbitrary , i would like to emphasise how important it was for this house , at first reading , to specify a figure of 0.5 % , even though many were not happy about it . soglia
the fact is that , if this figure of 0.5 % had not been hammered out and adopted in the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , we would not have such a rigorous common position and also the present basis for negotiating an acceptable compromise on co-existence . valore
the global figure is something close to 200 million for child labour . cifra
in trading matters , we are clearly africa 's main partner , with bilateral trade worth around eur 150 billion , according to the figures for 2000 , in other words , just under half of all africa 's external trade . cifre
beyond the figures , the main problem lies in the make-up of trade and exports from those countries , which still contains structural weaknesses because it is essentially dominated by some basic products , such as oil , diamonds and cocoa . NULL
in relation to the second part of your question concerning the figures for 2002 , i do not have the specific figures to hand relating to the breakdown between farmed fish and wild fish , but i am sure this kind of information is available to my services . cifre
the british government in particular is concerned about the extra costs of more recycling and published figures on this . cifre
the figures do not look very significant , but they represent millions of tonnes of material which must be collected , recycled and new markets found . cifre
the national cap on allowances can start from the 2003 emissions level and not from that of 1990 , provided that the allowances are decreased to the kyoto figure by 2012 . valore
mr president , a successful budgetary policy for the eu requires not only decisions on figures and budget items , for the eu has serious problems when it comes to implementing the budget . cifre
we nonetheless still have underutilisation to the tune of eur 9 billion , which is an unacceptable figure . importo
parliament receives the figures on budget implementation on a weekly basis . dati
these are direct figures from the accounts . cifre
apart from these weekly figures , you also receive a report three times a year commenting on the implementation of the budget and giving details in particular of so-called abnormal rals , that is commitments the commission entered into a very long time ago and commitments for which no payments have been made in the last three years . cifre
if , however , you compare this year 's budget implementation figures with those from last year , you can see that there has been some acceleration . cifre
i would like first of all to thank the rapporteur , mr färm , most sincerely for carefully reading the figures that he has kindly made available to us . cifre
what he read was of course not so pleasing , and i would like to sum up in only very general terms by saying that , as a member of one part of the budgetary authority , i have to ask myself what force and what decisiveness we must bring to bear in order , together with the council , to prepare a budget - which is , after all , policy in figures - when those who have to implement it are far from being in a position to implement that policy in the way the budgetary authority wanted cifre
i should like to quote you some figures to remind you that my government , which is italy 's fifty-seventh in 50 years and has the responsibility - and also the opportunity , seeing that it has a large majority in both sections of parliament - to work for five years , is putting 24 different reforms into practice . numeri
recent united nations figures , moreover , suggest a tendency towards a rise in emissions from industrialised countries . dati
i would like to give a figure so that there is no mistake : emissions due to lorries which are subject to the ecopoints restriction have been reduced by 60 % . NULL
the commission says it has figures close to 250 000 passengers refused in 1999 , that is , 1.1 per thousand . cifre
who will dare to put a figure , in terms of jobs , on the cost of the single currency and the delays and excuses of the european central bank ? cifre
the abolition of small currencies , which is also advocated , will in practice lead to yet further price increases because figures will be rounded up by quite a large margin . arrotondamenti
at the same time , the leader observatory must be strengthened , so that it covers the gaps in european statistics as regards the situation of women in rural areas and completes them by collating additional figures and introducing networks so that we can track the situation as it stands today and measure the progress we hope there will be in the future . cifre
can you tell me on what basis you set the fine at eur 16.7 million , a figure that i believe is astronomical ? importo
such is the case of alfred rubiks , the president of the socialist party , which is represented in parliament , and other important public figures .  
in paris , it is said - and the figure is frightening - that over 800 people died whom nobody grieved for and whose bodies nobody came to claim . cifra
how on earth , though , did we arrive at precisely that figure ? cifra
there will be territorial boundaries marked on paper which are figurative , invented , not uniform de facto geographical realities . figurative
in my view , this is not permissive dialogue which is an alternative to forms of political condemnation , but it fully involves civil society , including ngos and figures from the academic world who are active in the field of human rights , and it is based on the pursuit of precise goals whose implementation is monitored carefully and regularly .  
when the poor from the third world look at us in europe - even if they do not understand the figures , this illustrates their image of us - they see that every cow in europe gets two euro per day in subsidy . cifre
our rapporteur warns them that 87 % of cases of child abuse occur in the family , according to figures never discussed ; another 4 % occur in seminaries . dati
admittedly , in the un millennium declaration , 189 governments pledged to halve this figure by 2015 , but at present , there is no prospect of this ambitious goal ever being achieved . cifra
i am in no way apologetic about these percentages and i will never get tired of arguing like i do here whenever , like tonight , i hear figures - which i feel are wrong - regarding how much we do in these sectors . cifre
i do not intend now , therefore , to churn out more tragic figures and statistics before parliament . cifre
we are in the midst of a peace process , the european union is a member of the quartet , and i believe that if we in the european parliament and in the other institutions really feel solidarity with the executive and with the figure of mr solana in his capacity as ' mr common foreign and security policy ' , our representative , then we should support a rapprochement between the countries and not seek conflict between the parties . mister
we expect new figures to be available at the end of this month when the next meeting takes place . cifre
after the undeniable difficulties of the start-up phase , substantial progress can now be observed in the implementation of the scheme : i have just given these figures . dati
this figure is not acceptable to the commission because we have open competition between the 15 member states , and adding a sixteenth does not really change the name of the game in terms of ensuring competitiveness when we are tendering . cifra
the figure available to me as to how many troops have actually been deployed is 2127 . dispiegate
if we compare this figure with the subscriptions taken out in other languages - for instance , 63 000 in french and 51 000 in italian - and analyse the ratio between the subscriptions and the number of speakers of a given language , the conclusion is that there is a very high ratio in the case of catalan speakers . NULL
i would therefore like to amend these two figures . dati
we believe that , at this stage of international development , europe needs to show that it is not only capable of acting on the world stage and assisting with humanitarian aid and reconstruction in iraq , but can also put a figure for this item in its budget . dotazione
this figure pales into insignificance compared with the eur 30 billion which the president-in-office of the council has said has been reimbursed over the last three years from the budget to member states . cifra
a figure of eur 500 million for next year focused on iraq would show very clearly europe 's willingness to cooperate with the united states and others in bringing that country to the path of prosperity . NULL
the reason i mention this is that it figured prominently in this debate last year . rivestito
it would certainly be premature to give precise figures for the amendments that we will be proposing , but i am already able to tell you something about the important factors that make these changes necessary . cifre
i have already indicated that the commission can make a proposal on fisheries policy only if the member states are willing to give us the necessary figures . dati
their needs are obviously not that great , or else they would have provided the figures . dati
needless to say , we have all looked into the figures . cifre
i am delighted the council has knocked that figure down to 46 % . cifra
when i compare that figure with the numbers required in the member states and compare the quality involved , i can say loud and clear and with a clear conscience that the service is first-rate . cifra
in italy , for example , each worker carries pension costs of 34 % , in switzerland , contributions of just 10 % lead to pensions which are just as respectable as italian pensions , and , in portugal , for example , the figure is 7.6 % . 6
these include the charter of fundamental rights of a binding nature , the legislative procedure as a general rule , the extension of the qualified majority , the creation of institutional figures - such as the minister for foreign affairs - who are clearly useful , the progress on justice and home affairs and , of course , the convention as an essential method for future constitutional reform . figure
the wood is the same as that which caused seattle to break down almost four years ago , and it has a name and a surname : it is called a huge inequality between rich and poor countries , and the absence of an agreed strategy to reduce that inequality , a strategy made up of timeframes , policies , programmes , figures and amounts . cifre
this figure is even more alarming if we consider that the demand for transport is going to continue to increase considerably in the future . NULL
after some discussion with both the commission and the council , i have proposed a compromise of eur 21 million , remembering that this figure will be adjusted in the event of enlargement . importo
currently 2.2 billion people die from water-related diseases each year , a figure that is unacceptable . cifra
perhaps the commissioner can give us the figures - in particular with reference to the old liabilities at lloyd 's that they sought to separate in the scheme known as equitas . cifre
the figures do not convey the depths of the suffering of our communities , although they do illustrate the scale of the disaster , which caused the deaths of 20 people , laid waste 5 % of portugal ’ s total land area and almost 11 % of our woodland areas , leaving 45 000 people deprived of any source of income , and costing a total of more than eur 1.3 billion , almost 1.12 % of portugal ’ s gross national income , in direct damages . NULL
as against the eur 180 million that the commission wanted , we have set a figure of eur 230 million . importo
the education council ’ s agreement that the financial envelope should be set at eur 230 million is important , since that figure seems fairly satisfactory . cifra
i believe that , in five years ’ time , when erasmus mundus is well and truly under way , that figure will have decreased . cifra
in actual fact , these averages conceal huge discrepancies between the member states : while the average figure for denmark is approximately 70 % , the average figure for greece is below 9 % . dato
it is quite interesting when you look at the figures , which show that 70 % of the workforce that will be employed in the year 2010 is already at work , but only 20 % of the technology which will be used in that year is available at the present time . dati
as regards chapter 2 , the structural funds , we have increased payment appropriations in line with the figure the council considered reasonable . cifra
under the present parliamentary proposal , the budget for 2004 would allow for financial commitments amounting to eur 112.3 billion , as against the figure of eur 111.9 billion set by the council and the eur 112.2 billion proposed by the commission . 9
let me close with a few figures on the volume of next year ’ s general budget . cifre
nonetheless , these modest figures for the increase of payment appropriations should become a threshold for parliament . modesto
even though there are no projects to which the money is to be allocated , this figure of eur 500 million has been put before us , and a majority in the committee on budgets has even adopted it . somma
the final outcome may be the same ; then again it could be different in certain areas , such as category 1 ( b ) , where in committee we voted for a figure above the eur 83 million margin for the less favoured areas . importo
when commissioner patten made his proposals , he made the point that this was the figure he would be taking to madrid for the donors ' conference . posizione
if we do not vote the eur 500 million , and eur 200 million is the final figure that the commission settles upon , commissioner patten has also said that should that funding be spent rapidly and efficiently , then the commission would come back with a supplementary and amending budget . cifra
let us not forget that a codecision agreement is still needed and that the council will also have to agree to that figure . cifra
political aid , enabling the iraqi people to recover their sovereignty and freedom of action as quickly as possible , is a prerequisite of their being able themselves to put figures to their needs and to organise the means for satisfying them . soddisfarli
there are the figures for outstanding commitments : between eur 6 billion and eur 8 billion of unused appropriations each year , and this is a problem , especially when , on top of this , we do not have enough money to give to beekeepers , sheep farmers , fishermen , and so on . NULL
– madam president , commissioner , members of the council presidency , ladies and gentlemen , the budget resolutions are about setting down in figures the policy that one wants to implement ; it is about turning one ’ s own political priorities into a proper structure of figures that will stand up . cifre
if the level can be boosted here through training and extra investments , not only will we achieve the target figure of 35 % for the social infrastructure in developing countries , but we can also ensure that at least 20 % of this can be spent on primary education and health care . cifra
the following remarks are added . " eur 150 000 is earmarked for a grant to the european academy of the urban environment in berlin " and the figures are increased by the same amount and therefore by eur 150 000 . 15060103
as a member of this house , i then rub my eyes in astonishment when i see president chirac of france referring to the figure known as turkmenbashi as ‘ father of all turkmen ’ and ‘ my best and great friend ’ . turkmenbashi
this is an astonishing statement given than the initial estimates are far over eur 1 000 000 and it is costing us eur 60 000 just for a study to establish the actual figures : hardly peanuts . importo
my group has of course discussed the effects that these publications and figures have had . percentuali
parliament proposes to introduce a number of sectoral targets in the regulation : 35 % for social infrastructure and , within this figure , 20 % for basic education and health ; another 10 % for the environment and up to 15 % for civil society . cifra
one fact leaps out from these figures : there will be no real need for workers who do not have the necessary education to use the new technologies . dati
whoever is the first to introduce this onto the market and is most advanced in this respect will achieve the highest sales figures .  
i might add , by the way , that this figure corresponds to the annual increase of 6 % for public-sector research expenditure that i have called for and takes account of the growth in the eu ’ s size . cifra
it is a good idea to repeat these figures regularly if we want to take up the challenge . cifre
thus , on the threshold of enlargement it would be good to come up with some clear figures in addition to all the fine words . dati
we feel that 10 % is only a symbolic gesture whereas raising the figure to 30 % is a tangible action , which will show people that europe is close to the citizens rather than far away , particularly where tens are concerned . alzare
we started with 10 % , we raised the figure to 20 % at first reading and now we are talking about 30 % : this is significant . arrivati
even if one accepted this figure , there is no way of knowing whether this is a real substitution – that truckers are not filling up before departing from the country of origin – or whether this is a result of drivers making detours in order to fill up in certain countries . cifra
these figures are all in the area of 400 to 500 to 600 litres per head of population . dati
if the two figures are added together some countries end up with two commissioners . cifre
secondly , i say this because it is absurd that you should set yourself up as a preacher of morality in this matter out of a desire to protect mr berlusconi , who , politically speaking , is currently cutting a poor figure as president of the eu . figura
this figure demonstrates the limitations of the systems set up in the member states to detect and eliminate these sources which , for various reasons , slip through the monitoring measures that have been put in place . NULL
these figures clearly reflect the cooperation which has taken place , which i am glad about and in relation to which i would like to thank once again all the honourable members for your work throughout these months . cifre
it will obviously be even more difficult to communicate with the citizens of europe when the population of the union rises to almost 500 million from the present figure of 370 million , but that is precisely what we must do , using all the facilities that will enable us to conduct and enhance that dialogue . 370
indeed , our proposals seek to overcome the criticisms of both those who fear that this new institutional figure may become the council ’ s ‘ trojan horse ’ in the commission , weakening the commission ’ s powers in matters of foreign policy , and the criticisms of those member states which would like to free the minister from the constraints of the commission ’ s collegiality by emphasising the minister ’ s role as council representative . figura
the middle road we suggested appears to be the only one which can ensure that a compromise will be reached in the end , although it does leave two major issues still to be resolved : the persistent opposition of some countries to giving the minister for foreign affairs presidency of the general affairs and external relations council , and the call from other member states not to give the new institutional figure the title ‘ minister ’ but the more modest title ‘ representative ’ , which is a clear retreat - and not just a symbolic retreat - figura
if it did , perhaps our debates would be quite different , as we also have to bear in mind that the figures at issue between the council of finance ministers and the commission in the cases of france and germany , even with the error rates in our statistics , relate only to a gap of 0.2 % . cifre
he is a public figure who is well known at european level , a figure who is at the forefront of community affairs .  
i therefore believe that the ordeal of this man , a life senator , one of the public figures to have made a significant contribution to the development of democracy in the country and one of the fathers of europe , should be firmly highlighted , and that it must be made clear that a part of the italian justice system , which is clearly ineffectual if not subversive , enforced this situation which has disturbed both italy and europe for 10 years .  
i therefore urge you , madam president , and i am sure that i am not just interpreting the will of the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , but also the opinion of the european parliament as a whole , to give senator andreotti formal recognition for the clarity , the far-sightedness and the great democratic uprightness that distinguishes this valuable and useful european figure . figura
it was about trying to figure out ways to make sustainability make sense . individuare
moreover , do you think it is right that after such a short time and based on such poor analyses by the member states , you are nonetheless concluding that the reduced rates of vat really have had no impact on employment , especially given that in some sectors , the figures tell a very different story from the ones in your reports ? dati
after all , you do not need economic models in order to figure out for yourself that the re-introduction of the high rates will cost a very large number of jobs . rendersi
it is unfortunate that backlogs persist ; sapard ’ s implementation rate , for example , was higher than in the previous year , but 2 % is still a disgracefully low figure . cifra
it is the ninth time the court of auditors has not given the nod to the accuracy of the figures in the largest areas of expenditure . cifre
the bare figures and european regulations , however , conceal the real reasons for migration : poverty , social despair , underdevelopment , and untenable political and democratic situations . NULL
in the case of the uk , figures for 1996-1997 indicate that the average annual spend for a uk household was £ 29.40 , or eur 42 . dati
we are not like gulliver , but like italo calvino ’ s [ the cloven viscount ] , we have one half , the european central bank , but we do not have a figure in charge of the economy . figura
it was with that in mind that i involved myself in the convention , but it should give politicians like ourselves serious misgivings that – figuratively speaking – nobody took to the streets to demonstrate in favour of the constitution that the convention produced . figurato
as regards the difficult question of salary , the council does not have any objection to determining the figure by taking as reference a particular percentage of the salary of a judge of the court of justice , an approach which would solve the problem of annual adjustment . stabilirne
at the same time , travel expense reimbursement is running into figures that are increasingly out of proportion to the actual expenses , particularly owing to competition in air transport . cifre
the present national figures include extremes of high and low . importi
as far as the lowest figures are concerned , i assume that , historically , these were not based on a full-time position . cifre
in our view , a weighted average of the present 15 figures would represent a sound system of remuneration according to work done . cifre
some eu-10 figures have been modified as a result of the conciliation , including an additional eur 100 million in payments for the cohesion fund , compared to the amounts proposed by the commission and the council , that is amendment 335 in block 1 . NULL
its increase , as a gross figure , is half due to the significant increase in the amounts given over to rural development . valore
i would draw your attention to a few figures : at present , we use the equivalent of ten billion tons of oil , 90 % of which is fossil fuel . dati
we have avoided putting a figure on those resources , but the commission should commit a specific amount of resources to ensure that this matter is dealt with effectively and that it is possible to work with the relevant organisations and with the people on the ground who either depend on bushmeat for income or for protein to survive . NULL
so , i would merely like to plead with those tabling this resolution to accept a type of oral amendment , inserting figures on death penalties and those executed , welcoming the fact that those condemned have not been executed . cifre
it is not surprising that a humanitarian disaster at christmas time provoked such a huge public response amongst the peoples of europe , but it is right in this debate that we draw attention to the neglected emergencies which have not commanded the same media or public attention – in angola , for example , where the un appeal has raised only half of the 300 million sought , or mozambique , where the figure is 12 % of just 1.6 million needed , or zambia , where only 10 % of the required amount has been raised . cifra
to put this into figures , tuna accounts for more than 60 % of canned fish production in the eu , with more than 40 000 people directly employed in the industry . cifre
that is a figure worth keeping in mind in view of the complaints made now and then by other donor countries . dato
there is a particular need for women ’ s equal participation in designing projects and strategies for development , for they are the key figures who organise daily life , and they are often responsible for ensuring their families ’ survival as well . figure
i therefore believe that it is very important to look at the figures . cifre
there is no point in me giving you facts and figures : here the issue is that hundreds of thousands of people are educated here and go elsewhere , or are educated elsewhere and go elsewhere . dati
what are we doing to support the courageous efforts of israeli and palestinian figures who are unprecedentedly working to restart dialogue and negotiations ?  
the eu is spending eur 2.25 billion over four years under the sixth framework programme , and even adding in everything done in the member states , the figures are a great deal lower . cifra
looking at the eu figures , much remains to be done in this respect . dati
in britain , if you go to your doctor 's surgery , you expect the nice new doctor from italy or lithuania or wherever to be qualified , and you assume that the proper checks have been made as to his or her integrity and experience and to ensure that the name does not figure on any blacklist for professional or other malpractice . interdetto
according to a report by the court of auditors , producers are falsifying production figures at their pressing plants , adding nut oil to olive oil or forwarding the same oil to the eu for payment on the basis of both the number of trees and the volume of oil . dati
these figures are all the more revealing when compared with the us , where the service sector accounts for 80 % of economic activity and 80 % of the work force . dati
i will illustrate this with a few figures . cifre
the figure of 300 000 has been quoted – an enormous figure for a small country , but the reality is that we do not know . parla
on 1 may , ten countries will be acceding to the european union , in which there will then be 450 million people – far more than in the usa and russia combined , and that figure itself shows by its magnitude how necessary it is that we should have a basis on which these 25 states – and later more – with their 450 million inhabitants may be held together . cifra
as from september 2003 , there has been a new figure , the chief competition economist , operating within the directorate general for competition , who is providing a new input into our decision-making procedure in terms of economic analysis . figura
as you know , parliament has supported this move : in july 2001 we established an assessment framework – a score board for state aids – and the latest figures , from last spring , confirmed that there was a trend towards a reduction in the level of aids ; when the new figures are issued this april we shall see whether this trend has continued . dati
i urge you to waste no time in presenting the member states with your list of requirements , with clear figures and timescales showing how we can make europe more competitive and what homework the member states have to do . cifre
the commissioner himself mentioned the huge figures involved . cifre
china already accounts for almost 25 % of world textile production , an alarming figure , particularly for genuine developing countries such as bangladesh or vietnam , which may also be crushed by the chinese steamroller in this sector . dato
compare that , for example , with eastern europe , where the figure was 30 % . percentuale
the arab world also logged the highest rejection of authoritarian rule – the figure in this regard was 80 % – and was indeed the third highest in favour of gender equality in higher education . stime
the commission is itself a welcome instance of north-south cooperation , co-chaired by distinguished public figures from sweden and south africa . figure
this candidate has the support of the president of the european commission and of key figures from all of the union ’ s institutions as well as from other countries and regional groups .  
figures like that belong in the nineteenth century ; i am convinced that the productivity of our businesses is not dependent on them and that they will not make us the most modern and the most efficient economic region in europe . orari
let it also be said that the figures , data and times currently under discussion do not seem to take account of the possibility of workers having such things as children and families . cifre
the conference ’ s significance was confirmed through its status as an interparliamentary gathering of figures from key national parliaments , including the united states congress and the russian duma .  
at the beginning of the 1990s the figure was 3.3 million people , or 15 % of the workforce . dato
on the economic front , gdp growth raced ahead by 30 % in 2002 , with a figure of 20 % expected in 2003 . aumento
mainstreaming , above all in the field of health , certainly plays its role to the full , and so we are not going to talk about figures . cifre
commissioner , you have overwhelmed us a little with figures , and i admit that they are impressive . dati
is it really necessary to point out here that the assassination of chea vichea is merely the latest in a series of violent crimes against opposition figures and that 2003 was the most violent year since 1998 ? esponenti
– mr president , i only wish to move amendments to recitals d and f. in d and again in paragraph 7 , it should be political figures rather than opposition members , since three of the five assassination victims belonged to a governing party .  
the continuation of the partnership and cooperation agreement after the european union is enlarged must not mean that we accept claims for compensation arising out of trade issues , for then the whole world could do likewise , and i do not believe that a precedent of this kind would be acceptable ; the question also arises of whether the figures russia has produced are correct . cifre
that figure has now risen to 800 000 , and the well-organised criminal slave trading rings – for that is what i call them – do not shrink from trafficking in children as well . cifra
the population census puts the percentage of roma women at 51 % , which is comparable to the figure for women in general . percentuale
in 1996 , i had the same discussion with mrs gradin , who then mentioned the figure of 500 000 . cifra
– mr president , only a small proportion of israeli exports come from the settlements . the figure is definitely under 5 % . decisamente
on the basis of the latest figures , the indicators for the cairo conference objectives are still showing shocking inequalities between the world 's wealthy and poor countries and regions . dati
for youth organisations , then , the figure 20 % is just about acceptable , as finding sponsors is a recurrent problem . quota
a few figures will illustrate what we propose . cifra
we want at least 10 % of primary school pupils to benefit from real or virtual mobility projects : today ’ s figure is only 1.5 % a year . 5
we want genuine mobility in adult education : the present figure is , i am almost ashamed to say , 2 000 people , and we would like to increase that to at least 50 000 people a year . vergogno
furthermore , mr giscard d 'estaing called for us not to ‘ torture ’ , on the one hand , the double majority figures , and on the other , the range of subjects for which decisions can be made by qualified majority . cifre
i am tired of people typically proceeding on the basis of populism and of unreliable figures and information about the way things really are . dati
i hope that i am wrong , but the figures used by the commission lead me to believe that the problem is being grossly underrated , just like the other problems that enlargement will trigger . cifre
i have borne patiently the accusations , condemnations and insults that have been hurled at me recently in the hope that the debate on my proposals , which after all were backed by the council of europe , would have a successful outcome , that is result in higher figures for naturalisation . naturalizzazioni
the only comment i can make on this is that i would see a more sensitive handling of history and of such historical figures as edvard beneš as being desirable . figure
that is more than in the 15 current member states , where this figure is 74 % . percentuale
i had the privilege of speaking when mr bolkestein produced the ten-year report on the single market last year , and we have seen the figures on that which , i am pleased to say , were included in my report to this committee . dati
i do not propose to repeat the figures to which reference has already been made . cifre
according to figures contained in the european commission ’ s latest report on the health situation , the number of elderly people over the age of 75 will rise to 27 % by 2010 . cifre
that is very important , even if the blue letters for the deficit procedure continue to be issued on the basis of the annual figures – and even if they do not . cifre
the central figure in the proposed system of official controls is the official veterinarian , who should be provided with both the legal and the technical means to carry out his duties , and this entails public funding . figura
faced with this policy that is suicidal for both the palestinians and the israelis , the call by sixty key palestinian figures to refrain from avenging the death of the hamas leader is extremely dignified and courageous .  
we have succeeded in getting double majority accepted in principle ; now , though , we must also have figures for the double majority , so that it enables greater decision-taking power . cifre
the figure of 82 was mentioned this morning . cifra
on the political orientation of television news broadcasts , both public and private , they write that they are ‘ substantially balanced ’ ; the only explicit criticism is the distancing from the screen of public figures like mr biagi , mr santoro and mr luttazzi , whom – i assure you if you do not know them – nobody in italy misses , except perhaps the political bosses who pay them . personaggi
this most recently published figure is undoubtedly much larger today . numero
the figures quoted in it are extraordinarily high . cifre
since the sales figures for batteries differ quite considerably from one member state to another , certainly after 1 may , a decision has been made in favour of proposing a percentage of the sales as the collection target . NULL
the economic and social burden of diseases of the brain represents 35 % of the cost of all diseases in europe , and this figure is expected to rise in the next ten to twenty years . 20
i cannot call to mind the figures relating to this outlook , which must also be seen in the context of enlargement and of the expected increase in demand that , as always , must be met . cifre
secondly , the ‘ polluter pays ’ principle must also be complied with ; mr jarzembowski , and all the others who keep saying that there are no figures , please note : accidents , eur 19 billion ; noise damage , eur 11 billion ; air pollution , eur 62 billion ; climate change , eur 35 billion – eur 134 billion in damage done by goods vehicles in europe . cifre
the figures that are to be monitored are of course the driving and rest times . dati
if the vote is taken on 5 may with the members of 1 may , voting cannot be allowed on the basis of a figure of 10 % of the meps today .  
it could well be that after making the evaluation and looking at the political priorities we end up with a figure of 1 % of gni . rnl
paragraph 19 would seem to indicate a higher figure , but looking at this sensibly and pragmatically , we could get any figure and 1 % cannot be ruled out . importo
if we compare the figures from the current financial plans with those in the commission ’ s new proposal for the years 2007 to 2013 , it emerges that our proposed ceiling for this next planning period works out at an average of 1.14 % of gross national income , while the current average is in the order of 1.12 % if the edf and the solidarity fund are included . NULL
if the european development fund and the solidarity fund were removed from the equation – as they are in the figures for the new period – and the values for the present period were recalculated on the basis of 25 member states , the result would actually be a slight reduction in the percentage of gross national income to be levied in the coming years under the commission ’ s new proposal compared with the present planning period . cifre
the intention is to treble the figure for appropriations currently being spent in the next seven years . anni
let me also say at this point that it is too soon to talk about figures today – whether 1 % , 1.24 % or somewhere in-between – because we must first deliberate carefully on these things on the basis of the constitutional discussion . cifre
it is therefore , as my fellow member mr böge said , far too soon to talk about figures , ceilings and minimum allocations , but what do we actually think of the commission ’ s basic approach ? cifre
the battle of figures that some are beginning to use polemically in fact masks a fundamental debate about our ambitions for europe , something which requires a constructive and rational interinstitutional dialogue . cifre
your rapporteur intends to set the final figure for appropriations by reference to member states ’ forecasts . importo
it goes without saying that the figures we estimate represent choices for the future , and they will also be one of the foundations of the debate on the financial perspective , whether we like it or not . cifre
regarding structural policy , we must once and for all be in a position to reduce the figure for outstanding commitments . importi
to quote only a few figures from the report , its explanatory statement claims that 100 abortions take place every minute and that 70 000 women die each year from unsafe abortions . dati
she is , to put it mildly , a controversial figure . figura
those are figures we can virtually only dream about in the eu of the fifteen . numeri
in this situation , we do not wish to express an opinion on the precise levels to be achieved by the new budget , partly because the costs are difficult to predict and the priorities not established and partly because we do not wish to tie the new parliament to precise figures . cifre
in this situation , we do not wish to express an opinion on the precise levels to be achieved by the new budget , partly because the priorities have not been established at this early stage and partly because we do not wish to tie the new parliament to precise figures . cifre
the figures here also contain the contribution from sources within the european development fund and reflect the total level of activity we are supporting . importi
spinelli , on the other hand , was a much more public figure , a vigorous opponent of fascism in the first half of the last century ; in his later days an elected member of this parliament . figura
to one of the minister ’ s pressing questions about the trends in macro-economic figures , he receives surprisingly positive responses . incalzanti
six years ago , in 1997 , eurostat ’ s figures told us that the europe of the fifteen was home to 18 802 423 businesses , 18 million of which were microfirms . cifre
in your opinion , would it not be of value to europe , and allow a better understanding of this region 's historical position and problems , if it were proposed that the culture commissioners organise an international academic conference on the contribution of the two figures – immanuel kant and mikhail kalinin – to european culture ? personaggi
for example , in budget terms , the figures show clearly – and let this message be understood by the council regarding the constitutional treaty – that this parliament has been prudent in terms of discretionary expenditure of the community budget , more prudent indeed than the other arm of the budget authority – the council . cifre
my dear josep borrell , you have our best wishes , and let me say to you , our president , that i am sure that you will be as outstanding a political figure in europe as you have been in spain . figura
on the first point , the group of the greens / european free alliance remains extremely worried , because the figures you insist upon , as when you enthusiastically signed the infamous ‘ penny-pinchers ’ letter ’ or attacked the commission for daring to propose that the budget for the union of 25 should reach the monstrous level of 1.14 % of europe ’ s gdp , just do not add up . valori
i get the impression that you are not convinced that climate change calls into question our model of growth ; that global warming will have indescribable consequences for europe ’ s economy and the world ’ s ; that the energy crisis risks dragging us into conflicts right up to our own – at present peaceable – borders , if petrol runs out , which the hubert ’ s peak theory confirms that it will ; or , finally , that there are immeasurably more victims of environmental disasters than there are of terrorism , unacceptable though that latter figure supera
when this parliament debated forest focus , it managed to obtain the ridiculous figure of eur 9 million until 2006 from the european commission . cifra
the figure relating to the area burnt suggests a genuine ecological disaster . dati
although they may be new neighbours , we are talking about an old problem , one that has been around since 1996 , when we , the european union , first got into an argument with president lukashenko , the key figure in belarus . figura
leading opposition figures have been arrested and beaten , and a few have disappeared , although – mysteriously – some have reappeared . esponenti
all we are offering the mediterranean is a neighbourhood policy – it is our southern flank – and if you consider the demographic figures , you will see that , although you may be in poland , what happens in the mediterranean affects you considerably . cifre
where the balkans are concerned , the surrounding world has realised and accepted that it takes a long time to re-build a country , both literally and figuratively , but there is extremely limited understanding of the fact that development towards peace and democracy in iraq will take time . figurato
we are now measuring the time in terms of years ; the weapons never existed ( as we knew ) ; a country is being occupied against the will of its people , who are resisting ; the war goes on , in increasingly dramatic fashion ; the casualty figures mount up , from dozens , with names and faces , to thousands , who are anonymous and do not count towards the statistics . misurando
thirdly , we need transparent budgetary figures and growth assumptions in order to identify and correct budgetary deviations in a timely manner . cifre
i also welcome the fact that you do not wish to amend the treaties and that there will be no change to the figures of 3 % and 60 % . parametri
our potential growth in europe is consistently below that figure , and so the pact does not hold . numero
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the fight to have europe ’ s christian roots written into the prologue of the european constitution will have brought into conflict , throughout the convention and the intergovernmental conference , the most hardened proponents of secularism , headed by mr michel and mr chirac , on the one side , and certain countries such as poland , italy or portugal , supported by no less prestigious a figure than pope john-paul ii , on the other . figura
portugal is said to have at least 20 000 illegal abortions per year and to have some of europe ’ s highest figures for teenage pregnancies . gravidanze
as my colleague on the london assembly has said , these figures are an absolute disgrace . dati
one of the proclaimed ambitions , i would point out , was to achieve full employment , whereas the figures of the commission itself now indicate that , for the first time in ten years , we are destroying more jobs than we are creating . cifre
one figure , quoted by the commission , really makes one shudder : more than 17 % of europe ’ s 15 year-olds lack the minimum reading , writing and arithmetical skills required . cifra
if one looks at the figures on financial assistance for strengthening democracy in belarus and guaranteeing civil and human rights , comparing the united states of america and the eu one might question whether belarus is on the eastern border of the united states or the eu . cifre
are we to remain passive , or can we and do we maybe even want to play at being an arbitrator and move the israeli government and arafat around like figures on a chessboard ? pedine
however , it should be noted that the figures that were originally foreseen in amending budget no 2 were only for nine months . importo
these figures mean that we exceed by a long way all the other countries in this field , as only usd 17 billion of trade flows benefit from preferences granted by the united states , which is the second largest donor . cifre
in response to mrs morgantini and mr barón crespo , the results produced by the gsp have been evaluated , and we have been provided with all the figures which are currently available . cifre
be that as it may , the system has produced positive results ; for example , the latest definitive figures available show that , between 2000 and 2002 , our imports under this system grew from eur 47 billion to eur 53 billion , which is a significant growth , especially as certain products were removed from the gsp list for technical reasons . cifre
that said , i can already assure you that whatever the final figure we choose , it will be the very large exporter countries which could be affected , and not the majority of our beneficiaries , of which there are a total of 180 , as i just mentioned . cifra
mr president , on friday , the international council for exploration of the sea published its annual fish stock assessment figures , advice which showed that north sea haddock stocks exceed even last year 's record highs . dati
by way of conclusion , let me call upon the european central bank , as a matter of urgency , to continue to watch , with a critical and attentive eye , over adherence to the stability and growth pact and , together with eurostat , to compel the countries of the euro zone to produce reliable figures . dati
the eu countries are characterised by limited ability to adjust to various structural changes and are therefore afflicted by permanently high unemployment figures . tassi
i could , for example , imagine a future reversal of the burden of proof , so that the commission and eurostat would have to critically examine whether the figures are plausible , and , if they were not , new ones could be called for . dati
let me put this question , not only to eurostat and the commission , but also to the ecb : do you work on the basis that the figures presented to you are correct ? dati
i find it intolerable that it has to date been impossible to give an answer as to whether or not the figures as submitted are accurate . dati
i am sure it can justify those figures . cifre
mr president , the facts are as follows : since the beginning of the year , the price of a barrel of oil has increased by 65 % , going over the magic figure of usd 50 . soglia
although this figure is fluctuating , the tendency is upwards . cifra
let me be quite frank , ladies and gentlemen , and say that i find it very moving to see public figures from 25 european countries sitting in front of us now .  
these public figures are here today in our midst .  
against this backdrop , you managed to give a political answer , safeguarding both the commission ’ s character , which is that it has a president in sole charge – a specific political figure – and that of the college . figura
you are already aware that there has been a technical adjustment to the maximum limits of headings 3 , 4 and 5 , which in themselves create an almost insoluble problem in terms of achieving the figures for the 2004 budget . cifre
when we reach the budget figures during second reading , the pressure on the administrative expenditure will therefore be less than we had at first believed , so we may perhaps , in spite of everything , find a margin . cifre
it was , however , when we came to the prince programme in particular that the committee on constitutional affairs had to pinch itself to see if it had really understood the figures before its eyes . cifre
that is why our committee is not content simply with re-establishing this budget line , but wishes to multiply the figure proposed by the commission by five , raising it to seven and a half million . cifra
the budget before us is not some sort of abstract entity with nothing but figures floating around in it ; on the contrary , it reflects the sort of policies we want to make and on which we have decided ; it reflects how we want the european union to further develop , and what we want it to be like . cifre
in the very same way as the rapporteur , mr garriga polledo , you have today made it clear that budget policy is pre-eminently a political task , that not only do we have to handle columns of figures , but we also have to express the priorities of what we are endeavouring to do politically and hence also our political self-conception in europe . numeri
i should also like to say on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group that in principle we accept the strategy whereby parliament reinstates the budget figures suggested by the commission and reduced by the council . cifre
the majority of the members of the uen group would of course gladly see a more striking increase in these figures , in particular those under heading 2 , but as a polish pop song says , ‘ when you don ’ t have what you love , you should love what you have ’ . cifre
this is based on the latest figures , taking into account trends in july or august . cifre
nothing was provided for in the figures in may 1999 , and unexpected revisions have been required every year . cifre
despite the fact that our parliament was able to increase the berlin figures for administrative spending in category 5 , we have been faced with budgetary restrictions which i believe have led to increased inefficiency in the commission 's work . cifre
we have the chance not just to look at the figures and headings , but also to make our internal processes clearer and simpler . cifre
it is therefore reasonably safe to assume that , when the time comes , it will not be a question of comparing turkey with estonia or lithuania , but rather with spain or poland , and this means figures of a very different order . cifre
other research suggests that the figure is one in three hundred . cifra
however good the dutch presidency ’ s technical ability , it is politically divided and is thus becoming a sickly figure . figura
these figures are appalling . dati
the figure in the former 15 member states is much lower , at 25 % . cifra
a reading of unesco ’ s figures reveals that the lack of education is one of the key factors forcing women into poverty . dati
mr president , although official figures by gender are hard to come by , subject to severe delays or non-existent , as regards the 70 million people at risk from relative poverty in the european union of the 25 , we all know that poverty and social exclusion affect women in particular , whether it be because they are old and receive the lowest pensions , because they are young or middle-aged and unemployed or have an unstable job that affords them no rights or is badly paid , because they are immigrants or because they are single mothers . dati
some figures indicate the seriousness of the situation , which , incidentally , varies considerably from country to country . statistiche
on the subject of unemployment , the latest eurostat figures show that across the 25 member states of the eu , only 38 % of permanent posts are held by women , meaning that most work done by women is insecure . dati
the figures in budget item 209 , which constitute the provisional amount for covering the institution ’ s property investments , will therefore be adjusted so that they reflect the result of the vote we have today . cifra
the figures will have to be verified and then we will see whether we can make some adjustment for the second reading . NULL
mr president , now that we have voted on the figures , i have a small amendment to the text on which we are to vote , namely to paragraph 20 in which the amounts are to be amended on the basis of the result of the vote concerning euroscola . cifre
these are the changes that result from our vote on the figures . cifre
– well , since this is in fact simply a statement bringing the text technically into line with the figures that we have just adopted , i am sure that the house can support the rapporteur ’ s proposal . cifre
the resolution contains much that we consider laudable but , because we voted against quite a few of the proposed increases in expenditure in the vote on the figures in the budget , it was impossible for us to support the resolution ’ s conclusions . cifre
according to the latest figures from the world health organization , up to 450 people are dying there each day . dati
we have no figures for the eu , but there is no reason to think they would be dramatically different . dati
human rights were an issue that figured prominently in the resolution passed by this house last year against lifting the ban . occupava
with regard to the second question , it is a tradition that we choose greek , roman or latin figures as names for operations and activities . figure
the european union ’ s position on cuba cannot be based on a gut reaction or an instinctive rejection of the political reality of cuba or the figure of fidel castro . figura
secondly , while the 10 % increase in complaints to the ombudsman is not to be welcomed , we should recognise and interpret these figures within the context of the efforts that the office has made to increase its profile . cifre
in addition to the universal figures of vasco da gama and magellan , portugal ’ s notable politicians included pombal , the lusitanian richelieu . personaggi
the paradoxical silence that followed the death sentence on tenzin delek , who is such a popular figure , is attributed by human rights watch to a campaign of intimidation and terror executed by the chinese authorities . figura
the second issue is an anniversary which does not appear on the agenda ; i believe , however , that parliament should acknowledge the fact that , a year ago , a group of distinguished israeli and palestinian figures met in geneva to sign a peace agreement on the middle east based on the peaceful coexistence of two viable states , demonstrating that there are indeed solutions to the difficulties – borders , settlements , security , refugees and the jerusalem problem – which have always left the negotiations in deadlock .  
i ask for this figure to be agreed on , for the costs to be shared and for an appropriate number of observers to be sent . cifra
in view of these figures – which are similar to those we find in iraq , where the sunni population makes up 33 % of the total iraqi population – we need to find a political solution that seeks to hold the two parts together and allows the president who is to be elected – and we want to see him elected in a democratic election – to be president of the whole country . NULL
if one is to accept such a great challenge , one already associated with such bellicose language and accompanied – in that figures have already been produced for our consideration – by the opening of many secondary theatres of war , it is a good thing to keep a cool head and work through things in a systematic fashion . cifre
these are alarming figures . cifre
i believe that today ’ s debate makes it clear once again that our analyses are right , that the figures are dramatic and that there is support for the declarations of intent , but that the measures taken are insufficient , that there has been no about-turn in opinions , and that the situation is losing none of its drama . cifre
nevertheless , in the financial year 2003 the rate of implementation for payments was 92 % , which is a considerable improvement when compared with the figure of 86 % for the previous financial year . 86
in the middle of the year , payments were reduced by eur 5 billion , but all the same the statements still show a figure of eur 3.1 billion for under-utilisation . importo
in that time , nothing has been easy , but the vast majority of colombians – the vast majority , according to the figures – consider that the situation in the country is now better than it was two years ago . dati
some of the figures are encouraging . dati
– mr president , i am grateful to the commissioner for her report even though i believe we need to find the courage to establish some figures that tell us what is really happening in colombia . cifre
even so , the figures contained in the latest who report are terrifying , and poverty is increasing . dati
it is hard to figure out how any more could be offered to turkey than it already has under the privileged partnership . immaginare
do you also agree with me that the figure of eur 200 million that you have given for annual expenditure refers not to the extra costs , but to the total costs of running this house ? cifra
is that the true cost , or is there a more up-to-date figure ? cifra
common citizenship and votes according to population figures will destroy the eu and give rise to dominance by the big powers . distruggeranno
if you cling to your second dogma , namely the figure of 1 % , we will be unable to cope with this financial burden . limite
given the circumstances of the last three years , that was an extraordinarily low figure . esiguo
mr kyprianou , i hope you realise your ambition of coming back with density figures and transport times as soon as possible . dati
the resolution contains much that is laudable in our view but , because we voted against quite a few of the proposed expenditure increases in the vote on the figures for the budget , it was impossible for us fully to support the resolution ’ s conclusions . importi
. – mr president , mrs grybauskaitė , ladies and gentlemen , zimbabwe is unfortunately one of the topics that figure most regularly , most frequently , in these thursday debates that we hold on pressing human rights problems . abituali
the figures range from 3 000 to 7 000 on one night ; 15 000 later on and 100 000 people still suffering from debilitating diseases . dati
the figures are as follows ; 7 000 deaths in the immediate aftermath of the disaster , and up to 30 000 deaths over the 20 years which followed , with over 100 000 having fallen ill to date . NULL
i hope that over the next six months this house can learn the cost of enlargement to the original fifteen member states , because on the objective basis of figures it is possible to make proposals that the european citizens in each member state can understand and accept . cifre
the council noted , however , that this figure should not lead us to forget the general issue of development , humanitarian aid and the millennium development goals , especially in africa , nor to reduce the resources set aside for that purpose . cifra
given figures like those , our donations cannot provide any practical aid unless we cancel the debt . dati
the current figure for loss of life is over 150 000 , and it is feared that the effects of the tsunami , through diseases like cholera and malaria , will claim more victims . e
on the economic front , we have the largest trade and investment relationship in the world , with figures like eur 600 billion worth of trade in 2003 , and an investment stock measured at eur 1 500 billion in 2002 . importi
one need only look at the current figures and the relevant commission documents – for example the quinlan and hamilton report – to see that economic relations are currently very close . cifre
this is made clear by two figures ; firstly , a great many of the poorest countries are forced to spend over 40 % of their gnp on debt servicing . cifre
i should therefore like to contradict you on one point , mr potočnik ; you quoted absolute per capita figures , yet such figures are not the decisive factor . cifre
a comparison of these figures makes it obvious that the debt could be cancelled entirely , and this must be our goal . cifre
the relevant figures have already been cited , and we must also ask ourselves whether it is morally justifiable , and compatible with good governance , for poor countries to have paid back the debts they incurred in the 1980s seven times over . cifre
third , the figures on debt relief were not presented to you with the aim of cutting back on aid , but rather the opposite : to use this criteria in order to alleviate the debt burden for those countries that really need it most . importi
outside the confines of the european institutions in belgium an average of eur 30 per hour would be paid for the same work , or in other words four times less than the figures quoted here . cifra
‘ first of all , i have the impression that the figures you provided do not fully reflect the facts ’ ; cifre
a remark was made about the exaggerated figure . cifra
ladies and gentlemen , we have the obligation to work every day , not just when the fascination of round figures , 60 years , – why 60 and not 59 ? – revives the memory , but every day , so that the values of our constitution – peace , human rights , respect and tolerance – which are entirely contrary to what happened in auschwitz , are spread and defended in schools , at work , on the stairs , in the street , in the bars , in everybody ’ s shared daily lives . cifre
according to the latest figures from eurostat , the highest rates of unemployment in the eu are in the new member states . dati
the regulation before us establishes a common framework for producing community figures on vocational training in enterprises . statistiche
what kind of figures will we now see in the europe of 25 ? dato
i could , therefore , answer this question by saying that it is true that enlargement has been taken into account , but i would have to add immediately that it is not only in the budgetary figures that enlargement needs to be taken into account . cifre
the latest figures are not promising : in 2002 , investment by the 500 biggest companies in the european union decreased by 2 % ; investment by the 500 biggest non-eu companies increased by 3.9 % . cifre
as has already been explained to the committee on fisheries , these figures are not correct . cifre
that is therefore the cost to be taken into account and not the fanciful figures that have been mentioned . cifre
figures show that thousands of fishermen died , 110 000 vessels were destroyed , with the costs in the sector rising to around eur 400 million , more than eur 450 million if one includes repairing damaged port facilities . NULL
according to the figures , with the money spent on sending out these vessels , 9 600 new ones suited to the fishing methods used in those countries could be built . dati
in terms of figures , we are talking about at least one-fifth of all women in the eu , with some studies currently putting the true figure as high as one-third . cifre
we need correct figures on a europe-wide scale . dati
unemployment , which averages around 9 % - although that figure rises to 10 % among women and more than 18 % among young people – is particularly rife in poland , where the unemployment rate is pushing 19 % , with slovakia , lithuania and spain not far behind . distaccate
it is clear from these figures that the strategies for creating more quality jobs accompanied by workers ’ rights are falling short of what is required , because , in the name of competitiveness , emphasis has been placed on the neoliberal doctrine , on the european central bank , on the irrational implementation of the criteria for nominal convergence of the stability and growth pact , on accelerating liberalisations and privatisations and on the flexibility and deregulation of work . cifre
at the moment , indeed , the average per capita income in various member states is below 51 % of the community average , whereas in 10 countries the figure is over 100 % of the eu average . supera
such inequality must not be allowed to continue , when 15 % of the eu population is at risk of poverty , a figure that in some countries rises to 20 % or more , as in portugal , greece and ireland . cifra
try looking at the figures for my own country , denmark , and you will see that it has succeeded both in implementing a socially aware policy and in creating growth . basta
if you look , though , at the unemployment figures not only in germany , but also in my own country of austria , it would appear that these efforts have already proved fruitless , for the point has to be made that , at the same time as jobs have migrated from them to low-wage countries , illegal immigration has created a new underclass at home . cifre
the report makes a critical diagnosis , supported by figures that amply demonstrate the social inequalities that still exist in europe , which have been exacerbated by the recent enlargement . cifre
after the resignation of the karami government and the joint declarations by presidents al-assad and lahoud on the withdrawal of syrian troops , there were still tens of thousands of people demonstrating yesterday in martyrs square – now rechristened freedom square – to express their will and to keep up the full weight of pressure on political figures necessary if a genuine democratic process is to be set in train . esponenti
imports of gas from russia currently make up 26 % of total gas consumption in the eu and the relevant figure for oil is 25 % . cifra
we see this as a priority that should not only be reflected in figures in the budget , but in good professional work by the ad hoc parliament services . cifre
in order to facilitate consultation and coordination , and the implementation of what is decided upon , each member state would be able to appoint one public figure who would be responsible for the implementation of the lisbon strategy . nominare
let us just look at a few figures and compare ourselves with our main competitors , our partners and friends in the united states . dati
however , none of this will be possible , ladies and gentlemen , unless we have adequate budgetary resources – the figure of 1.24 % of gross community income set by the commission is fine – and unless we involve the member states directly in the process , since they are the main stakeholders in the lisbon strategy . cifra
the long list of major exceptions prepared by the luxembourg presidency , which would allow the deficit reference figure to be exceeded on a temporary basis , has obviously opened up a pandora ’ s box of national requests . sfondamento
the sixth framework programme set a goal of 15 % , which figure the major horizontal projects did not , in the end , achieve , even though the energy programmes were heavily oversubscribed . percentuale
moreover , we would like to have assessments and figures and to know the results of this practical experience . cifre
our fellow member is right to ask about the figure . cifra
fortunately , we are not alone because , i am pleased to say , senior saudi figures have publicly expressed their determination to see this situation change . sauditi
the figures are quite straightforward : 4.5 hours on the road and three breaks of quarter of an hour each , to be taken at times of the driver ’ s choosing . NULL
the only figures i can quote are the german ones : between 1991 and 2001 , accidents involving small vans and resulting in personal injury rose by 103 % . dati
figures provided by the road traffic police seem to indicate over-tiredness as one of the most frequent causes of such accidents , as a relatively large number of accidents involving light commercial vehicles happen in the evening or at night . NULL
in the uk alone it is estimated that the cost of this regulation and the working time directive together will be over gbp 1 billion , and that is not my figure , it is the industry ’ s . calcolo
i shall use the little time available to emphasise – particularly for the benefit of mr barrot – that , although we can agree with the commission proposal , it does not include up-to-date statistical data on the growth of the various modes of transport : its figures date back to 2002 . dati
in line with the opinion of the advisory committee on fisheries and aquaculture , the figure should be retained at 15 % rather than 10 % , but the 15 % could apply in the first year of the plan . acquacoltura
however , we should take account of the scientific advice that will be provided by stecf in june on this topic , and i will reserve my position on the right figure to use until i have seen that report . cstep
over a decade ago , i was myself an active weightlifter , although i never , unfortunately , managed to achieve that bodybuilder ’ s dream figure that was so much in favour with women . dedicavo
the agriculture sector has already incurred losses exceeding eur 1 billion and that figure is set to rise . cifra
the figures are clear . numeri
if i mention these figures , and all those that we have heard here today , with particularly strong emphasis , i do so because these have been the most devastated regions of the portuguese mainland in recent years . cifre
there have been attacks on opposition figures , that is true , but the authorities to their credit have arrested eight suspects , in spite of them being part of the ruling party coalition , and two radical islamist groups have recently been banned . figure
the figures are horrific : 60 million dead , the systematic extermination of peoples and minorities , cities and regions reduced to ash and rubble , economies ruined and 30 million displaced people from amongst the civilian populations of all the warring countries . dati
it is one of the most well-known directives among the european public who each year , anxiously await the new figures . dati
before answering the questions raised by mr costa , the chairman of the committee on transport and tourism , i would also like to mention a few figures confirming the importance of these networks . cifre
i am saying this to the luxembourg presidency because we really must have these figures clearly in our minds in order to understand that this money will be used immediately , in the best of conditions . cifre
the issue of climate change also figures prominently on the agenda for the g8 and i know that the forthcoming british presidency considers this problem one of its priorities . compare
this means that the demands upon us are increasing and that the measures we need to take to reduce emissions by 60 to 80 % by 2050 – which is a realistic figure – will require quite different energy and transport policies than those we have at present . dato
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the figure of four million victims just quoted by the president-in-office of the council shows how important this topic is . cifra
import figures for the first months of 2005 show that chinese exporters have availed themselves of the opportunities offered by the elimination of quotas . dati
the first was to describe how the commission had started the simplification process ; the second , to present a commission working document analysing the principal figures of the sector , the implementation of the producer organisations and the related operational funds and budgetary aspects ; and the third , to stimulate a debate in the council , the european parliament and within the sector . cifre
there are very few producer organisations in the new member states , with the figure in poland currently standing at around 1.5 % of the market . 5
whilst the quotas for the 15 old member states account for 89 % of the total eu quota of 1 947 000 tonnes , those for the 10 new member states amount to only 11 % of this figure . cento
i would remind the commissioner and the house that the figures show clearly that the 10 new member states produced more potatoes that the 15 old member states as recently as 1999 , with around 1 400 000 hectares of potatoes grown in the old member states as opposed to 1 600 000 hectares in the new member states . cifre
this figure also bears no relation to the number of people either living in rural areas or working in agriculture . cifre
poland needs a production quota of at least 180 000 tonnes , and this was the figure it proposed during negotiations . cifra
as regards the example of poland that was mentioned , let me offer a few figures . cifre
since the darfur crisis figures among the international community ’ s main concerns , the european union has targeted a substantial share of its humanitarian aid into that region . figura
despite these figures demonstrating the union ’ s participation , both in the bank 's capital and in its funding , we are not taking full advantage of that weight as a result of the lack of unified union representation in the bank 's governing bodies . dati
this year , it has announced that it will not reach that figure , not because we do not have the money , but because the government wants to spend the money on winning the next election !  
for this reason , point 4 of the resolution is extremely significant , as by hoping for a substantial reform of the constitution , it warns against the dangers of a system of power taking over that is similar to its forerunner , differing only by way of the political figures involved . personaggi
these figures demonstrate how long a road we have travelled , and during this time we have managed to reunify a continent and share the same values . cifre
that import figures would be alarming could already be deduced from the import products without quota . dati
the minister for industry , in the hearing duly organised by mr baron crespo , gave a precise account of the figures : 100 million employees working 24 hours per day . numeri
how , then , can objectivity figure when the final objective has already been decided ?  
it was for this reason that we were cautious when deciding on the figure that appears in our proposal on the financing instruments . cifra
i therefore proposed to increase the budget for extension by eur 9.5 million more than the figure in the commission ’ s proposal . cifra
. – madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to take this opportunity to underpin what has been said with a few figures . cifre
yoghurt with 0 % fat is not good for the figure if a good measure of sugar has been added . linea
we are aware of eurostat figures , but these are based on national statistical data . dati
i am sometimes struck by the fact that we forget how many people are in actual fact unemployed in europe and in the various countries , including those in which we report high employment figures . tassi
although the animals ’ torments , particularly on journeys over long distances , and the resulting disadvantages for consumers , are a matter of general knowledge , their transportation continues to be subsidised to the tune of eur 41 million in 2001 , eur 57 million in 2002 , eur 67 million in 2003 , and now the figure has reached eur 77 million per annum . cifra
we do think , however , that these figures suggest that the commission and the council , too , really could be even more ambitious in this area . NULL
i congratulate parliament on that , but we think that our figures are perhaps more modest , but at the same time generally well defendable in the council . cifre
let us look at some of the figures . dati
at the end of the day , we arrived at figures that boil down to 1.18 % in commitment appropriations and 1.07 % in payment appropriations . cifre
the latest version of the negotiating framework includes for the first time figures for each heading . cifre
overall , the total of eur 870 billion at which we have arrived , that is around 1.06 % of the european union ’ s gross national income , is close to the figures that have been discussed . cifre
although this total is less than the commission ’ s initial proposal , the figures for each heading nevertheless represent on average increases of between 5 % and 18 % annually compared to 2006 . cifre
on the expenditure side , we have managed to make proposals with the potential to curb expenditure in a number of areas , while on the resources side , as a previous speaker indicated – i think it was a council representative – there will be increases ranging from about 8 to 15 % in the final analysis , depending on the items , if i recall the figure that was quoted a short time ago . cifre
if we are to consider what needs to be done in society , the economy and the environment – particularly dealing with the demands made by regional cohesion , the high unemployment figures , poverty and income inequality – then we need to do so in a macro-economic context . tasso
i suppose it is still possible in theory that the council will agree with parliament 's figures , or even go higher . cifre
whereas parliament considers that resources should be set at 1.08 % of gross national product , the council considers , in contrast , that the figure should be between 1.03 % and 1.05 % of gross domestic product . cifra
if the figure goes below eur 931 billion , there will not be any ! 931
the question for the moment is not so much how to reach agreement on concrete figures with the council , but whether there will be a council position at all , in other words , whether the european council will reach agreement with itself ? cifre
we therefore need to look again for this compromise , to see how and to what extent we can reduce the figures proposed without , in future , depriving the community budget of its impact , its influence and its ability to guide policy . cifre
this is how this figure came through in translation , and i am really amazed by it . cifra
i should like to ask you to take account of the following when you vote : because of the vote , there are three technical corrections that need to be made to ensure that the text and the table of figures are consistent . dati
technical corrections need to be made to the figures in paragraph 50 , indents seven and nine . dati
in the seventh indent , the figure of eur 4.5 billion should be replaced by the figure eur 4.7 billion . importo
the figure of eur 2.5 billion in the seventh indent should be replaced by the figure of eur 2.7 billion . cifra
in the ninth indent – and this is a further technical correction that is required – the figure of eur 1.5 billion should be replaced by the figure of eur 1.2 billion . importo
the report mentions the eur 21 billion needed to continue to run natura 2000 for 2007-2013 but there was not a single line of the budget that referred to this figure in the forecasts of expenditure . dato
it is difficult for the european parliament to put forward a figure for the general budget that is below that proposed by the commission . importo
this is why i voted in favour of the böge report – a report full of ambition both in its figures and in its aims . importi
. the latest available data prove that public finances in the european union are a well-kept secret , because we can be aware of some figures only later to find out that the true figures are quite different . cifre
the recent unsolved murder of editor-in-chief , elmar huseynov , has raised accusations of government involvement and a relative of the exiled former speaker and opposition figure , rasul gouliev , the uk citizen almaz gouliev , has been arrested on the allegedly trumped-up charge of a pistol being found in her bag , apparently in order to deter mr gouliev from returning for the elections . rasul
whereas , in 2006 , eur 42 billion will be spent on direct aid and market measures , the presidency ’ s proposal would have meant , for the 15-state europe , a cut in that figure to eur 35 billion in 2013 . importo
spending on the common agricultural policy would have been adjusted downwards and , on a comparison with something genuinely comparable , would be well below half the figure for research spending . inferiore
with all respect , even you cannot breathe life into a corpse by threatening to withdraw as prime minister if the luxembourgers also politely reject a constitution that , on the basis of population figures and with no proper exercise of democracy , would shift power from the electorate to officials . dati
the commission has done its job ; as has the european parliament : it has adopted its position by a large majority and , for the first time in its history , showing responsibility and taking account of the economic difficulties faced by certain member states , it has proposed slightly lower figures than those proposed by the commission . importi
i would like to point out that our group will stand by its commitments and that , if no financial perspectives are forthcoming , it will fully apply the provisions of article 272 of the treaty and will try to establish annually the figures that this parliament has approved with a view to guaranteeing community action . importi
i am delighted that there has been no question of the luxembourg presidency being intimidated by noises off from certain great figures in european politics about the problems with that directive , of how they have sorted it out , and of how they have killed the directive in some cases . esponenti
the council has stated that comparisons of this kind are already being carried out , but this begs the question of why no one noticed the discrepancies in the figures reported by greece . cifre
our budget expert , mr walter , gave our group some more figures yesterday , and i want to run through them again briefly . cifre
add together what the eu and all its member states spend on research and development , and it works out that , even now , that figure reaches 0.86 % . cifra
that figure must be increased – you are right in saying that – and there is room for reform in agriculture , but these are long drawn-out processes and our credibility depends on our not acting as if europe amounted to no more than agriculture , without research or development . NULL
does this symbolic figure sum up this model ? cifra
these figures are insignificant compared with the eur 6 000 per head by which the single market has benefited its citizens through extra growth . cifre
that figure is a disgrace and stands to the condemnation of the eu and its member states . cifra
the real impact of the eu ’ s policies can be seen from the following figures , which relate to two current examples based on the past year . cifre
neither of these figures gives any cause for celebration whatsoever . cifre
i refer specifically to the reduction by 20 to a 5 % margin of tolerance between the estimation of the quantities retained on board and that of the logbook figure . riportata
since then , more than 600 non-governmental organisations throughout the world , including the largest organisations , have joined this campaign and are trying to secure the support of governments and public figures . figure
we can certainly take pride in this , but we should perhaps consider the relative significance of this figure — of this eur 46 000 million . cifra
as a fleming , i know only too well that in the past , belgian politicians nurtured mobutu , who was a common thief , and also that the french africa policy was often one of unscrupulous complicity with political figures who did not give a damn about the misery of their own people . personaggi
this figure is far higher than the number of people killed in traffic accidents . dato
finally , 2004 saw significant revisions of past deficits and debt figures in a few countries , undermining the effectiveness of eu fiscal surveillance . indebitamento
first , the perception that the introduction of the euro has resulted in increasing inflation in member states has done serious damage to its image , even though , according to official figures , only 0.2 % of the increase is attributable to the euro . dati
the directive permits a limit value of 0.10 % , compared with denmark ’ s figure of half that amount : 0.05 % . valore
i think you really should take the figures in your own report for the commission on environmental technologies and put them in front of commissioner verheugen . cifre
mr president , while taking the commissioner ’ s goodwill as read , i cannot refrain from quoting to him a few figures on air pollution : 370 000 premature deaths per annum in europe , which is many times the number killed on the roads . cifre
mr seeber quoted figures which are really very impressive and which supplement the figures i quoted previously . cifre
in africa the figures are discouraging , and we must therefore welcome this british initiative , which i do not believe to be opportunist — it was announced by minister straw and his prime minister at least two years ago . dati
i would like to change the figures , because the number of victims is changing every day . cifre
by doing this , i believe we will avoid giving a precise figure , as other members wanted . cifra
astonishingly , this equates to more than 40 casualties per day , a figure which i am sure everyone here today will agree is simply unacceptable . cifra
to give you just one specific figure , in afghanistan we shall have spent approximately eur 40 million between 2001 and 2006 , in order to make the country safe for the civilian population . cifra
i would like to stress that since the signature of the mine ban treaty overall financial support from the community and the member states reached a record figure of over eur 1 billion , almost half the global budget for land- mines . cifra
the next legislative elections in togo figure among the election monitoring priorities established by the commission for 2005 . figurano
behind this battle of figures , it is europe ’ s desire to take up major challenges such as air quality , water quality , spatial planning and sustainable waste management that is at stake here . cifre
similarly , the temporary committee on the financial perspectives did not put a budget figure on the table for life + . cifra
as organisations involved in the sector have said , on the basis of data provided by the commission , what was agreed in the memorandum has led to exports increasing from 49 % in 2004 to the 318 % projected for 2005 , a far cry from the 8 , 10 12.5 % figures announced . 5
the funding has been calculated on a basis favourable to these regions , particular account having been taken not of the historical figures but of the ceilings laid down for support for local production . dati
let me quote you a few figures : the damage done to the public road network , to the system supplying drinking water , to the building of commercial roads and to communications amounted to hundreds of millions of euros . cifra
that is the reality to which we have to respond , and those are the figures that make it our duty to demand that , in future , employers inform their workers as to how they are to protect themselves against the sun ’ s dangerous rays . cifre
yet the european union is in urgent need of good news , and agreement on both the 2006 budget and sensible figures for the financial perspective would be exactly the news it has been hoping for . importi
this is how the figures add up : 21 million less for businesses ; 33 million less for transport ; 279 million less for research ; 131 million less for information ; 20 million less for education and culture and 8 million less for freedom , security and justice . cifre
the figures it has quoted to us bear no relation either to the pious utterance about lisbon as a means of renewal or to the great economic potential that we have to rebuild . NULL
. madam president , commissioner , we heard earlier some very statesmanlike things from the british presidency of the council about the demands of foreign policy , accompanied by some calculations with virtual figures , but , as regards the compromise that has emerged from negotiations and that we unfortunately have to discuss today , i agree entirely with what was said by mr garriga polledo in his capacity as rapporteur on the amending budget , namely that it does in fact stand in contradiction not only to these statesmanlike utterances but also , for example , to the response cifre
you will be familiar with the figures that we quoted on that occasion . cifre
we sometimes get the impression that the commission , and particularly the council , would rather not negotiate about figures at all . numeri
this will always be an ongoing debate , but we have to be more effective in putting facts and figures out . cifre
serious consideration of the dramatic increase in the incidence of skin cancers among workers – over 90 000 cases according to german trade associations and a figure that has increased tenfold since the 1970s – cannot but result in action ! cifra
figures show that visitor growth is concentrated mainly on the east coast of ireland around the capital , dublin . cifre
when looking at the developing world , we have to remember that tourism plays more of a role in some regions and countries than in others ; the figures in the report show that . dati
for example , we cannot support paragraph 8 , which asks all developing countries to draft tourism development plans , to produce annual reports on figures and contributions , because that is not appropriate in all cases and in many countries it would be a pretty low priority . cifre
i have heard people talk about a figure of 20 % , indeed 35 % . percentuale
commissioner , i am very well aware that you can back up words with figures and actions . cifre
a number of imprisoned religious figures mentioned by members of this house appear on the list of individual cases that the union systematically sends to its chinese negotiating partners in the framework of the human rights dialogue . reclusi
in this context , the european union troika has , in the past , taken steps following the arrests of opposition figures , including mr al-turk , and the judgment on two parliamentarians , mr al-homsi and mr riad seif . esponenti
very recently , the commission conveyed to the syrian ambassador its grave concern regarding the detention of public figures and of members of parliament and , more specifically , that of mr al-homsi and mr seif .  
let me just remind you that , between parliament ’ s figures – our proposals , in other words – and those that the summit failed to adopt , by which i mean the 1.07 % compromise that was on the table there , there is a gulf of several billions , but between the demands the commission makes on the financial perspective and what the council actually wants there is a yawning chasm amounting to double that amount again . numeri
three hundred and sixty-seven signatures had already been collected , and the figure reached 378 by noon today . 378
according to the latest figures published concerning union expenditure over the last year , two countries of the old fifteen , namely greece and portugal , head the list of net beneficiaries with reference to gdp . cifre
it is too premature to talk about concrete figures because my experience of the last one-and-a-half months of last year , when i took over at the end of november , was that the last months of the year usually see a huge mobilisation of funds in most of the member states when they are able to catch up . NULL
all i can do is make the commitment that we will work hard with the authorities on this issue and on the basis of the figure i was presented with by the dg , my feeling is that the figure is well below the one mentioned in the question by the honourable member . cifre
nevertheless , at this stage i am reluctant to mention those figures because i believe that the greek authorities and the greeks who need the money will do their best to spend the money properly in the months to come . cifre
you are quite right that it is not in my hands to publish these figures , because they are not the commission 's figures . cifre
of course i have noticed that certain member states have decided to publish these figures , among others the countries you named and the country i know best . renderle
that is the only way that we can put ' soft ' pressure on the member states to publish these figures . cifre
that is why we have been looking into ways of how to make member states publish these figures . cifre
but we are looking into this matter and we are trying , via the link to our website , to show everyone that we want to see the member states publish these figures . cifre
we are debating the possibility of revitalising europe as a leading figure that can promote a project of democracy and stability at a time when the world has seen a prevalence of insane political decisions based on hatred , fear and the presumption of exporting democracy with bombs . promotore
as these figures on the use by the public of the register of council documents indicate , the register has indeed become a frequently used research tool for citizens wishing to closely follow the development of community affairs . cifre
the figures speak for themselves : around 2.5 million employees , about 4 % of eu gnp . cifre
can you confirm these figures ? cifre
i still have about 50 minutes worth of speakers left on my list , which means , as that is a theoretical figure , that we have about an hour of debate left . dato
in the case of grain , 29 % more energy is used than is produced , the equivalent figures for clover-grass and wood being , respectively , 29 % and 57 % ( 1 ) . percentuali
i agree with mr. vatanen that the improvement of the road users ' behaviour offers the biggest potential for cutting road accident figures . stradali
this would lead to very peculiar road signs in the uk resulting in bizarre figures when speed limits are converted from km / h to miles per hour . cifre
the enormous growth figures and the prospect of china as the world ’ s largest exporter should not stand in the way of a factual analysis of the european trade relations with china . un
between 2000 and 2006 some eur 30 billion was earmarked for towns and cities , and i firmly believe that that figure will be exceeded in the forthcoming financial perspective 2007 – 2013 . cifra
i can and do argue to my eight million constituents in london – a figure , incidentally , which makes us a city state larger than 11 member states but without the equivalent representation – that they should pay for sustainable rural development . cifra
. the urban dimension should figure in regional development policy . compresa
– despite the recent alarmist statements , it remains difficult today to grasp what health risks there are and to put a figure on the probability of the h5n1 virus mutating into a form that can be transmitted to , and between , human beings . allarmiste
as i have mentioned , 2004 was a year in which european subjects figured prominently in headlines throughout the union . risalto
look at the figures for complaints and you find a constant increase , but , as i see it , the primary significance of that is not that european administration has become worse , but that more and more members of the public are endeavouring to assert their rights . NULL
the ombudsman figure and the petition have been a success . figura
we will vote on the figures later . importi
human rights organisations ’ figures vary between 500 and 1 000 , while the uzbek government gives the number of victims as 176 . cifre
as a leading religious figure in tibet , he has also played an active role in economic , cultural and social affairs . figura
this issue will certainly be on the agenda and will figure in the debates that we will hold in rabat on 20 and 21 november , at the extraordinary meeting of the apem , and also in barcelona , on the 27th and 28th , at the summit of heads of state or government . novembre
mr labouani is a symbolic figure in syria . figura
it is also exacerbating environmental imbalances , both between different countries and within individual countries , as demonstrated by the un ’ s figures and reports . dati
at this stage i cannot go into details , because this is issue will be dealt with and negotiated with the council before i put all the figures and ideas on the table in parliament . cifre
at the time of the audit , though , it did appear to the court that further progress would be needed , as the figures needed to draw up the opening balances for 2005 had not yet been validated by the commission ’ s authorising officers . importi
there is therefore no certainty about the reliability of the figures . importi
flanders and belgium , on the other hand , opted for mock transparency by lumping all the figures together , which made proper analysis impossible . importi
that is why , in knowing that businesses are torn between the duty to be accountable to their shareholders each quarter and the need to draw up strategies on sustainable development and long-term investment , my group , together with the european parliament , constantly emphasise the need to set objectives backed up by figures . cifre
these are figures of which you simply have to take note , for they are important , not only for germany , but also for the european union , when it comes to maintaining jobs . cifre
let me just give you one , final , figure , on the size of chemicals businesses in europe : 92.5 % of them are small or medium-sized . cifra
the rapporteurs ’ compromise is an illusion , an imbalance between health and competition , because health is worth much more than high-pressure bargaining , and neither the commission nor the council has put a figure on the health costs of a weakened reach . stima
even curiouser , no one on the budgets committee , including the chairman , seems to know anything about these figures , even though they appear in the budgets committee ’ s opinion . cifre
in this connection , i would point out that the eu is committed to mobilising around eur 66 billion annually from 2010 , which amounts to eur 20 billion more than the figure set for 2006 . somma
this figure is largely consistent with the demographic projections calculated on the basis of the last general population census , which is currently the most reliable statistical basis on which to work . cifra
this afternoon i have received figures that indicate that fraud has been noted , that some of it is deliberate , that in some cases it is not clear whether it is deliberate , and that mistakes have also been made . dati
i shall give you the figures . numeri
the figures relating to cases of potential fraud will be made known during next week , as well as the result of the deduplication for lower congo . cifre
in preparing for the conference , we are assembling data , facts and figures to show the practical application of our political commitment . cifre
i think we can achieve a figure of one tonne-of-oil equivalent per person . cifra
this shows the kind of figures we are talking about . grandezza
it is only natural that a country with 1.3 billion people should take a greater share in international trade but , in absolute figures , europe ’ s share in international trade is increasing , even though some sectors are experiencing difficulties . cifre
this does not mean that everything is going to be easily resolved and that the situation does not remain fragile , but i see that so far , the latest figure – i receive figures every day – for voters who have registered in the drc is 21 761 000 . dato
our resolution mentions the figures , which were recalled by the previous speakers . cifre
more importantly , and most urgently , i should like to ask the commission about recent un figures that indicate that so far very little of the aid that has been promised has been received . cifre
the un has called on the international community to provide urgent financial assistance to the tune of usd 500 million , but the countries affected by the disaster have received only 20 % of the anticipated figure , even though over one month has passed since the earthquake took place . cifra
now , four years later , the figure has risen to 41 million . numero
these are horrendous , dramatic and brutal figures , which illustrate the extent to which this disease is the result of the world ’ s inequality . cifre
there is indeed a virtual eur 40 million offer on the table and i was not right in saying , as i had been advised this morning , that this figure had been agreed with acp countries . cifra
mr president , we recently received new information about the key figures in the notorious russian yukos trial of mr khodorkovsky and mr lebedev . personaggi
we must look at these figures and put them into context , and it is important for our response to be reasoned and proportionate to the risks and dangers that actually exist . dati
i will be taking the liberty of asking the council and the commission , at regular intervals , how the figures stand and how many compulsory licences have been applied for , and i look forward to receiving accurate data in response . cifre
these figures show how important it is to unleash further competitive forces in the liner sector , much in line with the lisbon agenda and in keeping with the goal to transform europe into the most competitive economy . cifre
as has already been said , the exemption for liner conferences has traditionally given balance to the maritime sector , but it is also true that the decline in conferences has been made obvious by the figures on individual shipments – the 1994 law – and by the appearance of effective and independent major carriers . cifre
the magic of round figures — 1 000 — and the fact that this coincides with the anniversary of the declaration of human rights make this situation particularly meaningful . cifre
fortunately , progress is being made with the abolition of the death sentence in the world : in 1977 , 16 countries had abolished the death penalty and now that figure stands at 84 . saliti
we should therefore not just focus on the figure of 1 000 in the united states , and we should retain a global view of what is happening in the world as a whole : 3 800 people executed during 2004 . dobbiamo
the ability to compare sales figures in each market segment with those of the previous year would then equip them with a readily usable instrument . dati
but it can be deduced from the execution figure every year that something is still failing in the process of budgetary allocation of the appropriations that we vote for and in their final application , both in the member states and in community programmes . deduce
during november , the commission altered its figures on the basis of the news about budgetary execution reaching it from the member states and , in the end , what were funding requirements have been turned into surpluses . cifre
i would finally point out that the total payment appropriations figure on the table today represents an increase of almost 6 % compared to the 2005 budget . cifra
the prospect of the 2006 budget ’ s commitment appropriations amounting to 1.09 % offers us the opportunity for an appropriate basis for the next financial perspective , and means that we are going beyond the figures proposed by the luxembourg presidency this summer . cifre
if they do not adopt this financial perspective , they face the prospect of having to agree to an interim annual budget based on the 2006 figures , which would mean even less money . cifre
if the 2006 budget is a forerunner of the 2007-2013 financial perspective , then it should also be rejected , because parliament proposed expenditure of around eur 1 000 billion for this period , whereas the current proposal refers to a figure of around eur 850 billion . importo
the 2006 budget figures proposed by parliament provide a clear message when viewed dispassionately . cifre
– generally speaking , there is no harm in comparing the 2006 ceiling , and the community ’ s budget priorities , which stands at around 1.01 % of community gni , with the 2005 figure , or with the proposals made by the luxembourg and british presidencies for the 2007-2013 financial framework . cifra
the 2006 budget sets a figure of almost eur 112 billion to cover payments , which is the equivalent of 1.01 % of the eu ’ s gnp . cifra
during the conciliation meeting on the eu budget for 2006 it could be seen that the european council and particularly the uk presidency focused excessively on just a single issue – the minimum possible figure for payment appropriations . fissare
it only remains to hope that at this week ’ s european council summit the member states ’ governments will be able to deal with eu issues within a wider perspective , and not reduce everything to just one question – the minimum possible figure for payment appropriations . fissare
let me recall them briefly : human-rights activists and journalists were harassed , action was taken to prevent the convening of a citizens ’ summit , telephone connections were cut off , e-mails and internet access were blocked , the speech delivered by the president of switzerland was censored , other international figures were deported , among them our sakharov prize winner robert ménard , and so on .  
thus , it took a fair amount of composure to look down on the new member states , as mr straw did , by comparing the funds allocated to these countries in the forthcoming financial perspective to two marshall plans , even though , according to your foreign secretary ’ s own figures , the cheque would , to all intents and purposes , amount to nothing less than a 2000-2013 marshall plan exclusively for great britain , the fifth global economic power . cifre
this amounts to a figure of eur 6 billion . cifra
the budget is not only about figures ; it is about principles and policy choices . cifre
such daily risk-taking is represented by our 74 colleagues killed in iraq - a figure twice that recorded in 20 years of war in vietnam - and the five iraqi journalists being held today among the 120 journalists detained in iraq by the us army , with no information at all available on why they are being held , what they are accused of or how exactly they can be defended . doppio
it would be tremendously symbolic if we were to see representative senior officials and former political figures brought to court on account of their corruption . personaggi
since 2000 , it has reduced the number of children in care homes from 37 000 down to the present figure of 32 000 . cifra
i would like to remind you of the figures that mr verheugen has already quoted , which , in fact , are even better than the ones i had . cifre
the latest figures of serious cfp infringements are – as we have heard – those published by the commission for 2003 . dati
on the serious matter of falsifying records , the uk average fine was eur 132 000 while in germany it was a derisory eur 98 – but eur 98 more than in the republic of ireland which , according to those official commission figures , had no penalties to declare in 2003 , although it belatedly admitted that it had 103 serious infringements ! dati
wherever the last speaker conjured up his figures , he certainly did not conjure them up from the published commission figures . cifre
every time the northern ireland fisherman goes to sea , he has to factor in the risk of savage penalty if he seriously infringes the cfp , but , according to the commission ’ s figures , the republic of ireland fisherman in the same waters has no worries at all . dati
if we add the contribution of shipowners through various elements , however , such as advances for licences , levies , taxes , provisions and the salaries of island seamen , this figure rises , as indicated in the commission ’ s assessment report , mrs attwooll , to between eur 17 and 20 million , since , furthermore , victoria , which is the base port for the whole of the tuna fleet in the indian ocean , creates great wealth for the seychelles . importo
by keeping payment appropriations at 1.01 % of eu gni , parliament has achieved a slight increase on last year ’ s figure . rnl
heartening though it is that the ethiopian authorities have set 8 000 people at liberty , the figure does demonstrate that mass arrests have taken place , while the government has hitherto always declined to make known either the total number of persons actually detained or the locations at which they were being held . etiopi
we already import 60 % of our oil , for example , and this figure will rise in the future . percentuale
in general point 4 it is stated that : ‘ the maximum total figure for expenditure ... for 2007-2013 is eur 862.363 million ’ and that ‘ all figures are expressed using constant 2004 prices ’ , but that ‘ there will be automatic ... adjustments for inflation ’ . importo
among lesbian and bisexual women , the corresponding figure is between 15 % and 24 % , while between 28 % and 36 % of homosexual and bisexual men have been exposed to unprovoked violence . bisessuali
human beings appear to be less valuable than animals , and every year sees an enormous increase in the number of women and children who are trafficked ; in the absence of solid statistics and figures , estimates range between 800 000 and 3-4 million women and children every year . dati
figures of that order really should shake us out of our somnolence and bring us face to face with the need for action . cifre
in addition , the development aid promised has not been confirmed in precise figures , and it has not even been specified whether it will consist of actual aid or loans : it is pure window dressing that is being exposed for the sham that it really is . cifre
rejection means that the ports will simply be able to continue working , as they have done for the past 40 to 50 years with spectacular growth figures in many cases . dati
i would say to the uk independence party , that represents gbp 1 billion of expenditure , if you check your figures ; and we would not even have to be here now but for the fact that your members voted for this legislation in the committee on transport and tourism . dati
in addition , commissioner mandelson warned last night in the wto debate that the figure of eur 190 million , which the commission has proposed , is now threatened by a 20 % cut agreed in the eu ’ s budget negotiations . cifra
are you exaggerating or have you got the wrong figures ? calcoli
– madam president , commissioner , the common market for sugar had largely been working well since 1968 , as borne out by the figures : we were producing 20 million , consuming 16 million and only exporting four million , as against brazil ’ s figure of 13 million . cifre
if we had 3 % growth , coupled with at least 1 % employment growth , the present unemployment figure of 19 million would be halved within five years . ammonta
likewise , the budget should be based on the actual percentage of gni , rather than nominal figures . cifre
should the lisbon agenda truly succeed in making us more competitive , that figure could be even larger . cifra
since this is a voluntary agreement between two institutions , it is hardly surprising that one of the institutions is not prepared simply to accept the figures adopted at a summit meeting of the other institution on the basis of an assurance that the latter had gone as far as it could and that there was no more to be had . cifre
let us take a close look at your figures . cifre
i voted for this report because the new fourth water quality category as introduced by the council is maintained , and the four categories are now combined with better figures for the level of toxicology defining them . tossicologici
these new figures should help decrease the risks to bathers ' health by improving the category levels . dati
i know it is hard to accept rejection , but look at the figures : 55 % of french voters ; 62 % of dutch voters . cifre
does the president-in-office of the council believe that the figures included in the financial perspectives are sufficient to resolve these problems facing the southern flank of the mediterranean ? cifre
it is now up to the commission to put forward concrete proposals on how to fund the individual programmes from these overall figures that have been agreed . importi
i would just like to mention the position of the underground church and the detention of bishops and other religious figures , and also to echo mr rübig : have there been any new developments in turkey regarding the law on religion ?  
looking at the figures – which have been cited here – we can see that smes are our main point of contact for the lisbon agenda . cifre
the employment figures are still worrying . dati
the figures speak for themselves ; policy-makers need to be particularly aware of this group of people . cifre
this figure is considerably lower than that proposed by both the commission and council . percentuale
if we adopt this resolution , we in this house will be joining a number of leading figures in the united nations who have already denounced these occurrences .  
mr president , commissioner , i am not going to repeat the arguments already expressed by the members who have drawn up this motion for a resolution , but i really would like to emphasise the importance of this resolution , since it results from an extremely serious incident : the deaths of 27 people – officially , though the real figure is probably much higher , as other speakers have said – who had gathered peacefully outside the office of the high commission for refugees in cairo . assembramento
the sentence passed on sam rainsy and the arrest of the human rights activists are just a couple of examples of a whole series of slurs and accusations levelled at public figures in the last two years , which have seen the suspension of parliamentary immunity and the sentencing of cheam channy and , in his absence , of chea poch . personaggi
the cornerstone of my report is that we need correct figures . dati
the corresponding figure for the whole of the eu would be incredibly high , at between 80 and 100 million women . rapportando
obviously effective measures must be based on correct facts and figures and the need for similar studies in other member states is urgent . dati
first get the figures right and then proceed to the proper solutions . dati
the rapporteur mentions the figure of 100 million women in the eu who have suffered from violence from men . che
these are horrific figures . dati
the rapporteur , whom i wish to congratulate on her work , has presented us with some figures , although it is known no studies have been carried out at community level . dati
the report ( for which i congratulate the author ) repeatedly points out that directive 75 / 117 / ec , enacted exactly 30 years ago , prohibits different levels of remuneration for men and women , but also mentions that according to the latest figures , the difference between remuneration levels of men and women is still on average 15 % ( between 4 % and 25 % ) . dati
we have to come back on the specific proposals and action plans with proper impact assessments , budgets and concrete figures . cifre
if we want to have better quality and more facts and figures and to better cover what happens in the council , parliament and the commission , then we will need more staff and equipment . numeri
on average , renewable energy is used in 10 % of european homes , but this figure is only due to the outstanding performance of a few countries , such as austria , germany , greece , etc . quota
however , we in europe need to bear in mind that we are currently responsible for around 14 % of global co2 emissions , and by 2050 the figure will be about 10 % . cifra
the commission 's figures show that there is a clear advantage for countries , which have liberalised their labour markets . NULL
despite the increase in traditional public aid , the current figures show that the attainment of the millennium goals hinges on the adoption of mechanisms of complementary funding . cifre
the data and figures on poverty send this house a deafening appeal for help . numeri
figures for this female disease are much the same as when i raised this matter in the house last year : up to 14 million women in europe affected , up to eur 30 billion in costs to the eu economy for lost days at work . dati
in my view , the destruction of these orthodox churches is certainly a crime comparable to the destruction of the figures of the buddha in afghanistan by al-quaeda . statue
the figures also show clearly that not only does the legalisation of prostitution increase the legal part of the business , it also increases illegal prostitution . dati
there has been alarming growth in this type of crime , and according to un figures , it has become the third most lucrative activity in organised crime . dati
the figures are alarming : 3 900 children die every day because of a lack of clean water . dati
the figures are also a reminder that talk of looming water wars must actually be taken seriously . numeri
every year since 1990 , the world has seen at least 20 weather-related events classified as major disasters , a figure which only occurred in three of the previous 20 years . numero
i am aware , mr paasilinna , that this benchmarking and these figures could be improved . cifre
as an example , the european directive on equal pay was adopted thirty years ago , in 1975 , but today in europe we still have an average inequality of 15 % , while in some countries the figure is very close to 30 % . sfiora
which of you , for example , knows that in spain men spend 52 million hours a year taking care of others while for women the figure is 200 million hours . parla
– and the budget for a rapid response and preparedness instrument to be increased by eur 105 million ( in excess of the figure proposed by the commission ) for the period 2007 – 2013 . cifra
mr president , commissioner , you have supplied us with the figures : today , footwear production in europe has decreased by around 30 % , import prices have fallen by more than 20 % and , above all , the sector has lost nearly 40 000 jobs . cifre
for sweden , the figure is even more appalling . cifra
the 2005 figures will undoubtedly show an increase , but they will not be officially available until june or july . NULL
last autumn , for example , and in response to berlin ’ s refusal to extradite the german-syrian citizen mamoun darkazanli , an alleged al-qaeda figure , spanish law declared the european arrest warrant issued by germany to be null and void . darkazanli
if we were all agreed on the rights of suspects , then the signing of this agreement on procedural rights would , of course , be a mere formality , but that is not the case , because there are many major differences which result in national courts now trying to figure out the conditions under which people are allowed to be extradited . immaginare
why is the commission not prepared to simply say , on the basis of its own criteria : this is how far we have come , these are the figures , and this is how far we can go ? cifre
therefore , it is not a mere coincidence that the report on social protection and social inclusion tabled before you focuses mainly on child poverty , because while 15 % of european citizens are at risk of poverty , this figure is 19 % in the case of children , and based on 2004 data , in 12 of the 25 member states the risk of child poverty is at least 25 % higher than in the adult population . dato
as the report says , in 14 of the 17 member states for which figures are available , child poverty increased in the 1990s . dati
the report states that in hungary the percentage of those threatened by poverty is lower than the european union average , that it is under 10 % , similar to the figures in the czech republic , sweden , denmark and slovenia . accade
however , in the republic of ireland , slovakia , greece and portugal this figure is 20 % . percentuale
we are now seeing the first encouraging signs of greater consumer confidence in europe : investment is taking off again and growth figures are progressively improving . tassi
. – mr president , i ask that the second part of the amendment be altered by removing the figure stated and substituting a wildcard . cifra
people are waking up to what the voters are saying , waking up to the real economic figures , and , it is to be hoped , coming to some sort of insight . cifre
ladies and gentlemen , i am from a country that , according to all the figures and data available , benefited very considerably from the last enlargement , yet , even so , the popular view of both the european union itself and its enlargement is a very critical one , so let me make a few personal observations on the subject . cifre
the figure of mohammed is what we might call the point of communion for an islam that is more fragile and diverse , and even more divided , than we might think . NULL
targeting that figure means targeting its heart . figura
mr coveney said that the figure of 47 members of the new human rights council is too high , that the instrument is too large . numero
compared with 191 member states of the united nations , i personally consider the figure of 47 perfectly appropriate . numero
nevertheless , the commission has quoted a figure according to which no less than 30 % of the population and some hundreds of thousands of doctors and therapists demand these alternative methods . dato
thanks to major medical advances in the area of child care and peri-natal care , the figures for child and infant mortality have fallen to levels never before seen in history and probably unexpected up to even a few decades ago . cifre
mr president , you do not need to be an economist or political scientist to figure out that the trend to want to cash in on things and the disappearance of green in our society brings with it a large number of consequences . politologo
some of the figures paint a very clear picture : dati
the governments must put all of their efforts into removing these administrative obstacles , and a european coordinator , who can contribute to speeding up projects of european interest that are experiencing significant delays or difficulties in their implementation , would therefore be an important figure . figura
144 of the world ’ s top companies are from the european union , while in the case of the united states , that figure stands at 206 . cifra
over the next three weeks , by 24 april , eurostat must analyse the figure notified by the french authorities , and will explain whether or not those figures , a deficit of 2.87 % , are correct . cifre
figures on the indicators produced by the commission services for which i am responsible were published yesterday , and they show that levels of confidence are at their highest for five years . ieri
i think that figure has probably decreased over time , but not as dramatically as we would like . percentuale
others would cite a much higher figure . cifre
the president was quite right to point out that parliament ’ s concern has not been merely with figures ; it has also been interested in the qualitative aspects and in making a start on the reform of european budgetary policy , in new financial instruments , in the de-bureaucratisation of the whole procedure , and in guaranteeing parliament ’ s rights in the foreign policy instruments , as well as in the question of what part parliament is to play in any potential review in 2008 / 2009 . cifre
bearing in mind our detailed knowledge of the programmes – for we have gone deeper in analysing them than the council ever has – parliament took the view that the figures we agreed on represented the absolute pain threshold , but if , for example , we have , in the sphere of lifelong learning or overall as regards competitiveness for growth and job creation , succeeded in getting an extra eur 2.1 billion in order , for example , to send 40 000 more students on exchange within europe , then our commitment to european added value has paid cifre
in 2008-2009 , we will be reviewing all the figures all over again . cifre
the figures speak for themselves . cifre
the rest are loans , taking the figures up to 10 billion for research , 20 for the trans-european networks , 30 for small and medium-sized businesses – all in all , eur 60 billion . cifre
the proposals currently on the table are eur 110 billion below the figure proposed by parliament and eur 200 billion below the figure proposed by the commission . cifra
in some cases the percentages of the cuts are actually in double figures . cifre
two years later , a commission report is defending this political approach , with figures to support it : there are fewer migrants than anticipated and they are filling jobs left vacant in certain sectors . cifre
it was in this spirit that i proposed the idea of making our own institution act as a catalyst : it could decide to hold its conference of presidents in east jerusalem with the aim of sending a real message of peace to all of the key figures there . protagonisti
we can regard this amount as a large figure at the same time as emphasising the fact that , in the field of intra-community transport , the combination of airport and security charges and taxes represented 1 % to 2 % of the average price of flight tickets . cifra
what these studies reveal – and i quoted some figures earlier – is that the costs of security measures can be high even if they may seem insignificant in relation to the overall cost of transport . cifre
allow me to give you some figures in order to illustrate the point . dati
the corresponding figure in countries like mozambique , sierra leone and liberia is about 140 deaths per 1000 live births , and in angola it is about 200 deaths per 1000 live births . cifra
we have heard dramatic , affecting figures today ; figures that should make us feel ashamed , as they make it clear that europe is faced with a crisis in the health sector that it is not tackling at the roots – here in europe – but is trying to solve by means of the brain drain from these countries . dati
a dramatic increase in the training figures in all fields of the health service is needed if we are to meet these demands . dati
it is good that the commissioner for agriculture is present with us today , since she knows the figures inside out and knows what we in europe are doing to lessen the impact of reform of the market organisation for sugar and how little , in comparison with that , is available for the countries concerned . dati
the figures are quite clear : tied aid causes an average increase in the cost of goods and services of between 15 % and 30 % , rising to as much as 40 % for food aid . cifre
official un figures predicted up to 9 000 cancer-related deaths as a result of that accident . dati
we have got to increase that figure , we have got to make a genuine commitment to investment in technologies for the future . cifra
the international atomic energy agency in vienna spoke about 4000 deaths up to the beginning of last week , and had to revise this figure upwards under pressure from new independent studies , one of these commissioned by our colleague mrs harms . cifra
some talk of 4 000 , greenpeace talks of 93 000 and we still do not know what the exact figure will ultimately be . cifra
i agree with parliament that the cost-benefit analysis is critical , especially in making a convincing business case for ecall and i would like to underline the figures that your rapporteur has just quoted . cifre
i have to tell the house , quite honestly and frankly , that i regard these figures as grossly exaggerated . dati
i do not want to argue about figures or about whether those under consideration are actually all accurate , which is a completely separate matter . cifre
in rome , there are seven cars for every 10 residents , which is absolutely the highest figure anywhere in europe . record
for many of us at the time , mr cohn-bendit was a kind of contemporary robin hood figure . hood
can she give me those figures ? dati
to give you a clear figure is simply impossible , but we have calculated and made it clear that if anyone did wish to reduce the ceiling to 0.1 % , that would have a serious impact on the survival of organic farmers . dato
financial services are clearly one of the european commission ’ s priorities in the services negotiations and , therefore , figure prominently in the european commission ’ s bilateral services requests . occupano
i consider this figure to be just about acceptable , although the tolerance limits can be expected to differ greatly in this measurement range and the tolerances can be expected to be very high . cifra
the final figures for 2005 refute that statement ; the public deficit in 2005 both in the euro zone and in the european union as a whole was well below what we estimated a few months ago : it came to 2.3 % in the eu as a whole and 2.4 % in the euro zone , several points , therefore , below our forecasts at the time when the commission published its report on public finances for 2005 . NULL
i would also like to stress this in the light of what you said today about lithuania , a member state that wants to join the eurozone and in respect of which comments can indeed be made if one considers the figures . cifre
only one figure matters , in fact , namely that of inflation , while many member states would envy that country for its achievements in other areas of public finance . cifra
i only say this to illustrate the relative nature of the figures . cifre
fourthly , as the figures above show , budget deficits , and public debt in particular , are significantly higher in the older member states than in the new , and yet it is unfortunately to the latter that the warnings and recommendations of the european commission are mainly addressed . cifre
the european economy by itself , without further reforms , is incapable of growing any more than the figures that we are estimating for 2006 , namely slightly more than 2 % . indichino
if you look at the figures , i am certain that we can , on the one hand , face the public , the taxpayers , with confidence and tell them that we are being careful with the community ’ s tax revenues . NULL
the first example is erasmus – the student exchange – and both institutions suggested that 285 000 exchange students per annum is a workable figure , only for the 25 governments – in the person of the council – to make a drastic cut of over 50 % in that number and reduce it to 140 000 . dimezzando
the lesson we can learn from this experience is that there should not be such marked differences between the initial positions of the european commission , parliament and the council , as such enormous differences , which amount to billions of euros , can mean that some figures become abstract notions , especially if spending cuts are subsequently sought where the budget was to have been modified . cifre
i would like to ask you to look carefully at the figures in the budgets following the last enlargement and see how hugely disproportionate they are and how they discriminate against the new member states . cifre
the question is whether these improvements are going to compensate for the serious deficits that exist in relation to figures . cifre
on that basis , the european parliament and our rapporteur embarked upon an impossible battle : to raise the figures to acceptable levels in order to maintain a positive impetus within the union and its programmes . cifre
i should like to quote a figure to you : europe costs each european 26 cents a day . dato
.i am not going to get into a dispute over figures in order to explain to you why i voted against the reports by mr böge and mrs sousa pinto , both of which relate to the financial perspective . numeri
however , the real context for the debate on budget strategy for 2007 is no longer the commission guidelines on strategy , but the figures presented for 2007 by the commission , as they are clearly influenced by this new generation of programmes – as can very easily be seen in chapter 1a , in chapter 3a and in the chapter on foreign policy . cifre
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we have considerable risks to contend with for the 2007 financial year : in terms of both the figures and the procedures for implementing the multi-annual programmes based on the financial regulation . cifre
we also tabled proposals intended to ensure that both the promotion of support for reinstating production activity in areas affected by disasters and making land and air equipment immediately available to fight against forest fires should figure among the eligible actions . forestali
i do not see why we could not achieve the figure of 20 so that the agreement between the heads of state or government to which you referred – not the agreement by the european parliament , but the agreement by the heads of state or government – can enter into force . cifra
as can be seen , the figure is huge . cifre
the figure for those that we know about on each side of the atlantic – and there are very many more , because there is a lot of data we have not obtained – in itself amounts to eur 7 million . NULL
i would propose that we simply remove such concepts and the figures referred to in connection with them . cifre
something quite different is the figure defined by the european central bank , independently , as an objective within the context of its mandate , which is to ensure price stability . cifra
these figures make the likelihood of successfully achieving the goal we have set ourselves – a saving of one-fifth of current energy consumption by 2020 – rather doubtful . dati
as for the ‘ people ’ specific programme , thanks to a shrewd synergy between the commission ’ s competent directorate-general and the shadow rapporteurs , the researcher has become a recognised figure with his or her own dignity and principal attributes ; research has become a genuine profession and , as such , it enjoys protection and safeguards . figura
that figure comes from the eurobarometer of 2005 , and i agree with mr chatzimarkakis regarding the failure to publish the figures from 2006 , which i know is not down to you . cifra
what is the presidency waiting for before it authorises the publication of these figures ? pubblicazione
i hope that the council will support parliament ’ s recommendation to spend , in the framework of fp 7 , eur 150 million more on energy-related research and development activities than the figure offered by the country currently holding the presidency . cifra
when will the study be finished and can you give us some figures for greece or are they confidential ? dati
i should just like to mention a few figures on drug-taking in europe , which i find quite shocking . dati
in that regard , i agree wholeheartedly with the words of don gelmini , a priest who is a leading international figure in the fight for the rehabilitation of drug addicts , who said that fighting drugs with drugs is an aberration ; it is like reopening lunatic asylums to cure the mentally ill . protagonista
what kind of a figure does this europa cut on the international stage , however ? ma
in fact , all the figures made available serve only to disguise the failure of the various national policies for combating drug misuse . cifre
an extra 30 000 jobs – that is the figure indicated by studies carried out by the european union and other bodies , if we are consistent in proceeding with the achievement of alternative energy targets . cifra
we can unanimously ascribe the receding figures for agriculture to the fact that the integrated administration and control system is obviously having an effect . decrescenti
the figures for seizures of philip morris international cigarettes are of particular significance to olaf and the member states . dati
something else that was important was , of course , the research programme ; now that the figure has reached eur 54 billion , there is something like 60 % more available in research funding . importo
if we can do that , then we shall be in a better position and less vulnerable to criticism , for , according to eurobarometer - – if i read the figures correctly - 63 % of europeans are in favour of such a constitution or treaty . cifre
mr president , whether one accepts mrs lucas ’ s figure of 4.1 million jobs or the association of european airlines ’ figure of 7.5 million jobs directly dependent on air transport , we must agree that the aviation industry contributes very significantly to european employment and growth . 1
it is estimated that by 2050 the amount of carbon dioxide emitted into the atmosphere by the airline industry will reach 5 % ( in 2000 this figure stood at 2 % ) . valore
similarly , as mrs doyle mentioned , figures published by iata show that over the last 40 years , through technological development , aircraft are 70 % more fuel efficient . cifre
the presence of figures such as franco , salazar or de valera in european politics ensured that europe maintained its traditional values . figure
this figure is smaller than we had hoped , but it does provide a basis for drawing up long-term development plans , something that is particularly important for the poorest regions in europe . NULL
i would like to emphasise this almost completely steady figure , which is due to the eligibility of the french overseas departments for the convergence objective and to their status as outermost regions , at a time when all regions in mainland france , and many regions in the eu , have unfortunately seen their aid cut considerably . cifra
it is estimated that the eu must attract and train between 600 000 and 700 000 new researchers in order to fulfil our research needs , and this figure does not take account of many older people ’ s withdrawal from the labour market . cifra
what i would like to know is whether you – or the commission – think that russia and other states in its orbit are capable of being reliable partners in the future where the supply of energy is concerned , and – since you have yourself quoted the figures – to what degree the european union is dependent on either russia or ukraine . dati
i do not think that the figures are ones to be proud of : they should be higher . cifre
when confronted with these figures , the opponents of nuclear energy , and indeed members of the public as well , raise concerns about nuclear waste . cifre
i am glad , though , that the german foreign minister mr steinmeier has not hesitated to confirm that he will be coming to meet our committee ; i have to say that we also expect other prominent figures to do likewise . figure
with a figure of 60-70 % of total sales , europe is the largest sales market for fair trade products and offers , based on my assessment , further opportunities for growth . il
this figure could and should be much higher and it is the duty of all responsible members of this house to raise awareness of this necessary project . cifra
although the document does not contain any figures , the commission has promised that it will provide them soon . cifre
. – today , there are around 50 million immigrants in europe , most of them from africa and asia , and that figure is increasing by one to two million every year . numero
last year its figures for vrt alone were in excess of eur 1.5 billion , an increase of over 20 % on the previous year , so the fact that ireland will not be supporting this proposal will come as little surprise . dati
the aim of the proposal for a regulation is therefore to establish procedures for the community contribution , which has been set at eur 154 million – the reference figure for 2004 – for the period 2007-2013 . importo
the fires in galicia had to be extinguished under extreme conditions , conditions marked by the figure ‘ 30 ’ : the temperature was above 30 ° for many days , there was a wind of more than 30 kilometres per hour and humidity was less than 30 % . numero
according to commission sources in the middle of august – and i would be grateful if the commissioner could give me a more up-to-date figure today – 88 473 hectares have been burnt , not including burnt areas of less than 50 hectares , of which there are many in galicia , where farms are small , and the total burnt area is therefore well over 100 000 hectares , which is equivalent to 80 % of the total area burnt in spain and half of the entire area burnt in europe . 473
this figure cannot be compared with those of other world conflicts . cifra
it is not enough to say that agriculture accounts for only 2 % or 3 % of the total trade figures if those figures , in effect , relate to large regions of the european union and would change the shape of our society , and so we need to come up with a sort of overall concept . volume
let us not forget , however , that these figures only take account of reported violence . cifre
it is also well known that children need both a male and a female reference figure . maschile
the rapporteur had proposed that this figure be increased to eur 120 million , although she also voted in favour of our proposal , which led to its adoption . NULL
administrative expenditure is nevertheless 3.4 % up on the figure in the 2006 budget . 4
the situation in the labour market is gradually improving , and recently the figure was more in the region of 18 million , a 2 million improvement , which is not inconsiderable . cifra
both of those propositions are utterly discredited and if you look at the figures for poverty , for homelessness and for social dislocation in this union , you will understand why . dati
it should be realised that these figures relate to 27 european countries , and not just 25 . cifre
another reason could be the very mild winter that we had in 2005 , which reduced the cost of heating , and – perhaps the main reason – the companies participating in the system were over-optimistic about their business growth and over-estimated their emissions , while the member states were complacent in accepting their figures . dati
can you also supply figures for this ? dati
could the commission tell us if it has received any ( satisfying ) additional figures so far and , if not , when finally the commission is expecting to make a decision on the compatibility of the spring hunting derogation in malta in order to open and shut the case file ? dati
as to the report and the figures for 2005 , they are due by the end of this year . dati
mr cornillet quoted a whole range of revealing figures . dati
over and above the damage to the economy obviously represented by these figures , the big issue here is the disastrous impact of this counterfeiting in terms of health . cifre
as a result , not only do they not get treatment , but also the reality and effectiveness of the statistical data are distorted , which in turn means that the matter is not always a priority for member states and governments , since sometimes the figures may appear misleadingly low . numeri
that is exactly what this debate on the green paper can do : ensure that we open up this whole area , focus on the major problems of stigma and discrimination and exchange best practice and epidemiological figures on this area . dati
commissioner , you mentioned that the figures do not show the real burden of the disease of mental health . NULL
the figures are startling : 18 million people across the eu suffer from severe depression ; 58 000 of our citizens commit suicide every year – roughly equivalent to two or three small towns in any rural area being obliterated every year . cifre
we have heard the figures ; at the hearing a figure of 58 000 each year was mentioned . cifre
this figure is higher than the number of those who die in car accidents , are murdered or die of aids . cifra
according to the figures of the world health organisation , in 2000 the worldwide suicide rate was 16 out of 100 000 , which represented a rising trend over the last half-century . dati
we should not make islam into some sort of hate figure ; islam is a religion professed by almost a billion people around the world , and we must not allow them to be seen in the same light as a bunch of crazed terrorists . invasati
at the request of the european parliament ’ s committee on budgets , in early september i signed the working paper with all the detailed technical explanations and financial figures about that proposal . dati
on your other remark , commissioner , according to figures from infopoint brussels , there are approximately 25 % more eu publications in old member state languages than publications in the new member state languages . dati
so those figures are correct as far as i know . cifre
although the number of counterfeit euro coins continues to rise , this figure is still low in comparison with the counterfeiting of the old coins . cifre
with approximately 600 000 counterfeit notes withdrawn from circulation each year , much work certainly remains to be done , all the more so because , in addition to the rising figures for these , coins are increasingly arousing the interest of counterfeiters . cifre
if , however , cooperation with third countries is also to figure in the overall institutional transformation of the supervisory authority , then the european parliament wishes first to give its opinion on this matter . figurare
meanwhile , there are other challenges , such as preventing immigration , and the solitary figure of commissioner frattini is attempting to make headway using a tricycle . figura
these figures suggest that there is a great deal of under-exploited potential , but it is essential for the high duties on goods imported into india from the european union to be lowered and for non-tariff barriers to be reduced . NULL
in spite of these figures , many people still fail to appreciate that a lack of equality between the sexes clearly has a negative impact on development in the long term . dati
the figures are startling : 2.5 billion people living on less than usd 2 per day , and , as i said , most of them are women . statistiche
however , the 8 % figure was adopted in the council as a common value in other long-term plans after a long discussion . cento
i believe this figure should be retained for plaice and sole as for the other long-term plans . tasso
that is why i have tabled an amendment which proposes that the figure be lowered to 2 % of live weight . scendere
the rapporteur disagrees with this percentage ratio figure , and she is of the opinion that it should be increased from the level of 5 % to 6.5 % . percentuale
mrs miguélez ramos argues that some scientific evidence favours her 6.5 % ratio position , but let me say respectfully that other scientific evidence supplied by at least equally reputable sources supports the view that the 5 % figure is in fact more than adequate . percentuale
we have seen expenditure cut by 38 % , and , even though in the last framework plan there was a substantial increase from eur 140 million per year to eur 600 million , this figure still falls short of what we would have wanted , especially given the eu ’ s dynamism in this area . cifra
according to the most recent figures from the oecd 's development assistance committee , in 2005 the european union identified debt relief for iraq and nigeria , in particular , as development aid , despite the fact that the monterrey consensus explicitly states that financial resources provided for debt relief should not come from development aid funds that are normally intended to be directly available for developing countries . cifre
the figures are in fact very worrying : 70 % of the 1.3 billion people who live in poverty worldwide are women . cifre
first , we need to clarify the figures being cited . cifre
a shift , ladies and gentlemen , in the use of energy sources , in particular in the direction of renewable energy sources , could make these figures considerably more attractive . dati
for europe as a whole , the figure is estimated at around ecu 3 billion , and it is often only fairly small-scale firms which are involved . raggiungono
twenty years ago , 50 % of all new medicines were still developed in europe , whereas now the figure has dropped to 30 % , though i hesitate to say whether this is a cause or an effect of the difference in market share . percentuale
the lisbon observatory provides us with the tragic figures . dati
in the light of the figures for 1995 on the drugs problem in germany , i would urge that the main drugs policy priorities should be measures to educate people about the dangers of those substances which , sadly , are still all too often dismissed as party drugs , and preventive measures to tackle the causes of the problem . NULL
the figures are disastrous . bilancio
since we have listed figures , doubts , uncertainties , and conditions , we should also mention motives , which could turn out to be noble and generous . cifre
before this roll-call vote is held , i should simply like to point out that the amendment relates only to the figures . cifre
rejecting it would therefore amount to contesting the figures , which at present are not in dispute . cifre
we tabled four amendments to this report , and i took the precaution of stressing - with your permission , for which i am grateful - that the purpose of amendment no 2 was simply to specify the figures for the cultural foundation 's budget . cifre
ten years on from the tragic accident , everyone is aware of the desolation it caused and despite the fact that false information was supplied to us and also to the congress of vienna , we know that in the immediate neighbourhood of the explosion there were hundreds , possibly thousands , of victims , and the figure has increased over the last ten years , perhaps beyond a hundred thousand , which truly makes us shudder . cifra
the iaea at their conference in vienna last week still deny these findings , although the ukrainian , russian and belarussian delegations dispute their figures . dati
there have been quite a lot of different figures put forward regarding the nature of the accident and the number of victims . cifre
these figures are based on a community contribution of 70 % . cifre
secondly , the programme on calves will cost - and this figure applies only to 1996 - in the region of ecu 50 m . vale
and thirdly , for intervention , it is reasonable to assume that if we are looking at a figure of 50 000 tonnes in april , that will imply overall costs of some ecu 100 m . 000
i have in mind a specific formula , the need to identify a setting , a table , for political dialogue involving the participation of all the parties , in government and in opposition , attended by some international figures , if appropriate and if the parties think they should accept that , to find a way out of this crisis together . soggetto
with the projected increase in transport on the roads , this large figure is likely to double by the year 2010 , making a mockery of our eu commitment to stabilize co2 levels and revealing our failure to meet the real targets . cifra
of course this figure is higher than the average , too high , and in future we will need to ensure that expenditure in this category does not rise to such a level . cifra
on the financial side , while not accepting the doubling of funds that parliament voted for , the common position does provide for a review of the reference figure in 1997 , recognizing that the interest shown in the life programme is disproportionate to the available budget . importo
unless there is a specific figure mentioned , then there is no point in talking about improvements or , for that matter , like one of the amendments which i do not support , ' substantial improvements ' . parlare
we believe it is totally realistic to set a 20 % reduction in the 1990 figure as a target for 2005 , a 30 % reduction for 2010 and 50 % for 2030 . 1990
the cause of smooth transition to economic and monetary union is certainly not helped if a country , after achieving satisfactory convergence figures , suddenly goes off the rails . dati
what concerns me is the revision that has taken place on those growth figures and the likely impact on jobs . cifre
the jobs , i believe , will not come with such low revised figures and what we really need is the measures outlined in the resolution that will go before parliament shortly so that those jobs are created . cifre
who supplied the commission with these figures ? dati
on the other hand - as shown by the figures and recent declarations by the commissioner herself - there are few countries ( like portugal ) that in recent years have observed ( excessively sometimes ) obediently and scrupulously the decommissioning plans while other countries , unfortunately the majority , have not done so . cifre
i have given some figures but i should like to emphasize that translated into dollars , the currency usually used for development aid cooperation , the increase from the viith to the viiith edf budget was almost 50 % . cifre
there is the so-called dutch clause - article 22 of the merger regulation - which allows national authorities to take a case before the commission even if the figure does not reach the threshold . cifra
i find it disappointing given the scale of the crisis that we have with bse that the commission has not yet asked for figures or started to look at the monitoring of the situation as far as jobs are concerned beyond the measures that the commissioner has spoken about such as intervention and confidence-building . cifre
i would ask what steps the commission intends to take to ask for figures from the member states on the threat to jobs and jobs that have already disappeared because of the bse crisis ? cifre
however , if you think it important to have precise figures on the employment situation in this sector , i shall gladly pass the matter on to my colleague mr flynn , who is the commissioner responsible . precise
the figures which you have given tally exactly with my own figures . cifre
only this weekend there are reports from scientists in such places as the dutch institute of science and health and tübingen university , which throw grave doubts on the figures coming from other european countries . cifre
ecu 1 billion over five years which is a symbolic figure as the ecu 400 million and ecu 600 million have to be added together represents less than the average annual unused appropriations of the combined phare and tacis programmes . cifra
it is also a misleading figure . cifra
in making their pledges governments have sometimes juggled the figures . cifre
in order for limit values not to be merely empty figures , the directive should also indicate what will be required of employers if those values are exceeded or what sanctions or consequences will ensue if the maximum permissible levels are not respected . cifre
the figures included in the present text , as i have already said , are the result of a comprehensive consultation with the advisory committee for safety , hygiene and health protection at work . cifre
starting from the denunciation of the position of wei jingsheng , an exemplary and central figure in the democratic and non-violent opposition to the communist government in peking , what we want to emphasize is the situation of hundreds of thousands of prisoners of the laogai , thousands of people under sentence of death , tens of thousands of people subjected to torture . figura
we systematically regard some nations as the whipping boys of the world and assert all kinds of things about them ; it is quite clear that turkey will figure among them . ci
the commission , for its part , has done everything possible to support this initiative and those of the other prominent figures who are devoting their talents and experience to finding a peaceful settlement to the conflicts in the region .  
we also believe that the already mentioned , encouraging economic figures of the slovak economy may also give cause for a certain optimism so that the political inadequacies rightly referred to by the rapporteur can be remedied in the foreseeable future . dati
the european ideal , which pervades all the leading italian political movements and for which some of our country 's great figures have fought - from de gasperi to einaudi to spinelli - will continue to be central to the internal and international policy of italy . figure
yet , at the same time , if the matter of employment is exclusively one for the member states , the figures show where that leads . vedono
their implementation would not create new jobs but at most lead to a regional shift in the unemployment figures . tassi
so the question arises of the necessary initiatives in this respect , for so long as the member states are not willing or able to create economic framework conditions that encourage people to form companies and create the necessary conditions to enable existing undertakings to become more competitive , all the measures taken at european level are unlikely to create employment and at most will shift the employment figures within the eu . concorreranno
it was precisely with this in mind that the resources of the fourth framework programme on renewable energy sources were increased by 50 % compared with the previous period 1990-1994 , up to 45 % of the total figure for the joule-thermie programme . dotazione
as regards reproductive health , it is true that the demographic change , which is taking place virtually everywhere throughout the world , is accelerating , but the unprecedented increase in the size of the world 's population is continuing unchanged and the figure of 8 , 000 million predicted for 2050 as the level of stabilization is still too high . cifra
consequently i invite you , if you think the figure proposed by the commission - some ecu 90 million - is not enough , or if , as some speakers have said , you think the number of officials working on these matters is not enough either , i would encourage you , when the budget is being discussed in parliament in october , to use your budgetary authority and increase the appropriations for these programmes and , moreover , give us increased appropriations so we may appoint more officials . cifra
the variation across the eu markets for a bumpy playing field is such that the eu average of thirteen days delay after due date is exceeded by the uk 's deplorable figure of twenty-three days and includes sweden 's admirable average of a mere seven days . cifra
mr president , smes are becoming increasingly important as a means of boosting the economy and reducing the high unemployment figures . tasso
these figures are ones which are clearly not helping small businesses and these reports can only be helpful in achieving a satisfactory solution . cifre
the figures on late payment which mr harrison gives in his report pale into insignificance compared with debt payments in staffordshire which take much longer and which are driving small businesses into the ground . cifre
but one thing is crystal clear : the overwhelming majority of people who live in our union - i do not know the exact figures , but we can assume that we are talking about well over 90 % of the population - are honest , upright , decent folk who ought to be able to travel freely from one part of the union to another , whether they are passport holders of one of the member states , or citizens of a third country with a permanent address in the union . percentuali
it is very unusual for me , as i am sure you can appreciate , to congratulate the council and , in this instance , it is the italian minister mr burlando , who worked extremely hard and was a very important figure in reaching an agreement . burlando
this project does not figure among the fourteen essen priority projects , but must be dealt with as a matter of urgency . rientra
all in all we can say that the trend is clearly in the right direction as regards the recruitment of category a officials , officials in the a grade pay bracket , but it will take some time before the overall figures change because recruitment has of course taken place over several decades . somme
i am also familiar with the figures , and i know of course that for women , the glass ceiling will be reached at some point , and that despite the commissioner 's efforts , not everything has yet been achieved . NULL
apart from the figures for expenditure effected , the commission is satisfied with the progress of the programme 's implementation on the ground . importi
full american trade statistics on volume and average import prices are available within two months , whereas the european figures take eight to twelve months . dati
the ppe group feels that this departs from the agreed line , which was that annexes containing only technical figures should be avoided in this kind of directive . dati
the fact that we have 18 million unemployed is an absolute tragedy but i would put it to you that if we had loose monetary policy without the completion of the internal market , given the reality of the global market competition to which mr mccartin referred , this figure would be higher . cifra
figures from interpol show that at the moment there are 60 children reported missing in the european union and none of them have been traced . cifre
that was not to be and therefore we have a supplementary and amending budget where we see a figure of ecu 1.2 billion being reallocated because of mad cow disease . storno
if we had not had bse and a number of corrections in individual categories , for example those that were made necessary by enlargement or by the newly created ombudsman 's office , then the figure would have been far more than 10 % . resesi
we have therefore thrown the ball back to the commission , by drafting two budget lines , one for the 14 member states with a p.m. and one for the 15 member states with the total figure in the column . importo
the committee on agriculture has not discussed the actual draft budget and , therefore , cannot concur with the figures in annex ii . cifre
that is a precautionary measure and at the same time it is a realistic measure , because the figures that are used here have not simply been plucked out of the air . cifre
at the time the union was only 60 % self-sufficient in sheep and goatmeat ; today this figure has risen to 82 % . dato
turkish cypriots who speak out for the preservation of turkish cypriot culture are systematically trampled on , both literally and figuratively , by the tens of thousands of turks imported by denktash but also , as mrs green has said , by turkish troops and secret servicemen . figurato
this case brings to mind figures which represent an indictment of the ultra-liberal approach , where anything can be bought and where the greatest good is consensus : where there is money , rules cease to exist . NULL
faced with these figures we cannot confine ourselves to talking about moral questions or pornographic cassettes . dati
remember that in the documents we are going to discuss in a few minutes , concerning the structural funds , for example in portugal , the figures at our disposal in the document date back to 1991 and do not cover all portuguese regions . cifre
if we look at the indicator of structural funds received per capita , and note the contributions of the various countries to the union budget between 1989 and 1993 , whereas spain 's contribution represented 1.09 % of its gross domestic product , those of countries such as germany , france , denmark , italy and the united kingdom are below this figure . percentuale
we have seen frightening figures on the number of young people who have been denied access to education simply because of their geographical location or the economic imperatives in the member states in which they live . dati
portugal no longer has 20 % of its population working in agriculture , but that figure has gone down to 9-10 % . 10
i raise this point because it is extremely difficult to obtain all of the facts and figures needed - our colleague endeavoured to do so . dati
furthermore , the facts and figures which are reproduced date back to 1991 , in other words five years ago . cifre
if the commission does have these facts and figures to hand then it should let us have them and if it does not then it should do something about getting them . metterceli
i would be looking for a figure of 25-30 % . quota
to do this , the commission proposes abolishing the warsaw convention limits which , as i said , are completely out of date , bringing in a more objective definition of liability rather than a subjective definition - although here , i agree with the rapporteur when he suggests that the figure should go up to ecu 120 , 000 rather than ecu 100 , 000 because that brings it more into line with existing iata agreements and would cause less confusion . ammontare
i certainly support that figure as being more realistic . cifra
in one paragraph , for example , the fiscal arrangements have been decided on in the form of a tax , which has been weighed up , assessed and even had a figure put on it . quantificata
i can no longer call to mind all the figures , but it is interesting to examine the growth in public deficits and in unemployment . cifre
with its 1722 working hours per year , the youngest pensioners and a foreign trade deficit of 100 billion , austria is a typical example of how quickly competitiveness can be lost because of shorter working hours - amongst other things - and how quickly the unemployment figures can climb . 722
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should firstly like to refer to mrs breyer 's final remarks : it is easy to indulge in populism in this house by quoting figures which reflect only a part of the truth . dati
if we do not , then the same will happen as has occurred in iraq and other places , with europe continuing to cut the same old figure . figure
the council accepted all the allocations proposed in the preliminary draft budget for the cohesion fund , namely , ecu 2 , 749m in commitment appropriations and ecu 2 , 326m in payment appropriations , which represents an increase of about 12.5 % in commitment appropriations and just over 21 % in payment appropriations over the 1996 figures . cifre
since 1991 87 people - i hope the council representative is taking these figures in - have been killed during raids on houses in these cities . cifre
as mr kone & # x010d ; ny very rightly said , mrs çiller is by far the most unreliable figure in international politics . personaggio
the figures are horrifying . cifre
apart from the figures , though , we are talking here about people and children . cifre
the time for specific rates , for specific figures , will be when the commission produces its follow-up report to this one . cifre
until then we should stick to the guiding principles which we adopted at the very start in the committee and there should be no specific figures . cifre
we must harmonize taxation systems , but it is not our job to facilitate the manoeuvres of the oligopolies via excise duties , the more so since it has been proved that the imposition of a minimum 57 % tax from today has led to a convergence of the burden of taxation and , according to one view and certain figures , of retail prices as well . dati
projecting that figure , 250 million adults each drinking half a litre of wine a day would mean a consumption of about 440 million hectolitres in the european union against a production of 135 million hectolitres . NULL
while i suspect the commissioner may have some reservations or place a reserve on some of the figures in the amendments that we have tabled , i think he will largely accept the proposals that we are putting forward . cifre
on 27 july the headquarters of the democratic indonesian party , the pdi , was stormed by military and para-military troops : 5 people dead , 24 disappeared and 149 injured are the minimum figures to be condemned . pdi
according to our figures , at least 100 individuals were arbitrarily arrested and are now facing prosecution under the anti-subversion law . dati
we must also be clear that the figure of two to three million potential jobs - which has been used in arguing the case - is , unfortunately , not a realistic one , given the rationalization that is taking place in the audiovisual media as a result of new technologies and organizational concepts . tre
ecu 30 million is far too little , and in the conciliation process it will be vital to bring this figure as close as possible to the ecu 86 million proposed by our rapporteur . avvicinarsi
it should be underlined first of all that the figures available to us , which are considered to be final , demonstrate that in 1995 , for the first time since the ecsc was created , imports of coal outstripped internal production . cifre
it does not prevent the commission from counting on substantial growth in 1997 , however , and without wishing to inflict too many figures on the house , i should nevertheless like to supply you with the main data . cifre
on that we will be retabling a very few amendments to reinstate the preliminary draft budget figures on democracy and human rights programmes in the phare programme , in the tacis programme and in the meda programme . reinserite
the committee on social affairs and employment proposes to reinstate the pdb figures for payments . ppb
however , according to figures supplied by dg xiv , the amount available is clearly insufficient to meet the needs for international agreements . cifre
the committee on budgets has approved a figure of ecu 10 m . benestare
i should now like to say a few words about the figures . cifre
there are cuts of ecu 1 billion on agricultural spending , but in view of the substantial excesses of last year , that is hardly a convincing figure , indeed i regard it as a dishonest figure . somma
the figures that we decided on were below the level of the commission 's preliminary draft , for the first time since 1979 . situa
this figure is plucked out of the air but the exceptions are not . cifra
mr president , other speakers have already pointed out what a pathetic figure the council has cut in the present budgetary procedure . figura
given the differences between these figures , surely you will agree with me that , on grounds of safety , the least we should have done already is to impose a total ban on the transport of nuclear material in type b containers ? date
and that is what we ought to condemn here and now , because only between 2 % and 4 % of european health budgets is devoted to preventive medicine , clearly inadequate figures which undermine the overall effectiveness of the system . cifre
mr president , the economic figures for slovenia are excellent . dati
even though some figures may perhaps have to be revised downwards at the end of the year , the macroeconomic figures are excellent . fine
in the last few weeks we have learned of the arrest of a political figure in one member state of the european union who has falsified invoices and fraudulently obtained money from the commission for fictitious contracts in the tourism sector .  
it should be recalled that the framework programme decisions of 1994 to which mr scapagnini refers committed the council and the european parliament to undertake a mid-term review of the framework programme , the amount of ecu 700m constituting a maximum target figure for a possible increase of the overall amount depending on the situation at that time regarding in particular the financial perspective . impegnavano
the figure for 1997 may be as much as 25 billion kronor ( 22 billion is reserved as the eu membership contribution ) . dato
at the same time it looks as if an overall unemployment figure of around 20 million has become a permanent feature of the 15 member states . endemico
in 2006 it is forecast that such mind-boggling figures will have swelled to $ 2.1 trillion , a doubling of spending which , if we are canny , can translate into a doubling of jobs . cifre
to be fully effective , the relaunch of tourism in europe must figure in an effort to achieve cohesion of all community policies linked with tourism . iscriversi
as regards at-sea inspections , the figures are quite alarming . cifre
in some member states , it would appear that each vessel is inspected once every ten years , a figure which might just as well be zero . nullo
the figures are very similar in all the eu countries . cifre
mr howitt has just mentioned the figure of 53 million refugees . asserito
the figure is somewhere between 200 million and 500 million , depending on who is counted as a refugee - whether , for example , environmental refugees are included . numero
furthermore , the council has introduced new provisions concerning principally the life-span of the regulation and the reference budget figure . importo
the council proposes a reference figure of mecu 45 that is an allocation of mecu 15 per year . importo
gnp figures calculated by the member states are not always reliable , or comparable either . calcolo
this figure is based on a projection by the european court of auditors , using the results of checks carried out by the danish authorities , these having been incorporated in a special report by denmark 's national audit body . dei
the situation is even more serious for the community initiatives - the figure there was only 15 % . percentuale
whereas 14 % of all expenditure was involved in 1994 , the figure is now only 2.3 % . controllata
last year , the figure was significantly lower , at ecu 2.4 bn . importo
we have made a projection based on the lowest figure of 3.3 % , and thus arrived at the ecu 16 m . cifra
anyway , i will quote a figure and not a man or a woman of culture . cifra
should three or more national notifications be required , however , the figures of ecu 2 bn and ecu 100 m will apply . soglie
consequently , the committee on regional policy cannot understand why its readiness to cooperate with the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy has met with the response that its figures were not taken into account in the latter committee 's report . spiegarsi
i am sorry , but i do not have the figures to hand to be able to give you an answer . inventarla
i do not know if the rapporteur , mr filippi , mentioned these figures and if so please forgive me for repeating them , but they need underlining to appreciate that we are not talking here about small street-corner flower-sellers , but about a very important sector which now accounts for more than 510 , 000 jobs , with production estimated at over ecu 11 billion . cifre
similarly amendment no 4 is already dealt with in the financial fiche of the proposal and detailed arrangements will figure in the implementing measures . contenute
equal representation is essential for democracy , for reflecting society in the civil service and for ensuring that so-called mainstreaming is achieved , in other words implementing a policy where equal opportunities are integrated into a general policy rather than having to resort to all kinds of contortions to produce the statutory female figure . sotterfugio
that is why the committee on women 's rights calls on the member states to take a certain number of measures , or to intensify them if they already exist , such as annual plans and target figures for equal opportunities . cifre
i would like to take this opportunity here of congratulating parliament and the commission on the positive action plans in place here , with target figures at all levels , including the senior grades , but it is clear that in percentage terms , 16 % and 18 % at the top level , we are still a long way from equal opportunities . obiettivo
the figures given range from 250 , 000 and 750 , 000 but whatever the true number , it is amazing . dati
we have just received the figures for 1991 and 1992 . dati
together with the convergence report the commission published its autumn forecasts based on the latest figures and plans from the member states . dati
i must stress the fact that compliance with the convergence criteria , allowing access to the euro , will be verified as early as possible in 1998 on the basis of the final 1997 figures , and also in the light of the past and future performance of the member states with regard to the various aspects of convergence . dati
on the specific request in the report for the commission to publish figures for car use and public transport use by women in the member states , i have to say , with regret , that such data is not available . dati
they figured very substantially in the discussions i had with the russians over the last two days . occupato
when these figures refer to people without jobs , then we should keep on deciding , as often as is necessary . numero
structural unemployment figures exist , and we are unable to reduce them even in times of economic growth . dati
in some countries , such as spain , the figures are 18 % for men and 30 % for women . percentuale
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we are talking here about a sum of around ecu 27 or 29 million - no one knows the exact figure , but it is , at any rate , more than bfr 1 billion . importo
if you look at the figures , even the more stringent budgets in the community are only slowing the rate of increase ; they are not reducing spending . cifre
this is something which goes well beyond figures and technicalities and even support for national austerity policies . numeri
consequently , it does not aspire to make definitive estimates but is limited to the presentation of facts and figures on the order of magnitude of the costs in the main sectors . elementi
i believe that anyone tackling the subject which is being dealt with here by mr christodoulou has an extremely difficult task , since figures are not open to debate . cifre
if this issue is discussed in terms of figures - and it is indeed rather too soon to do that - the outcome is more likely to be frustration than enthusiasm . cifre
since the agricultural policy cannot be changed from one moment to the next ( in any case considerable resources would be needed for its adaptation ) , since there must be a new strengthening of the structural policies , other expenditure being far less significant and to a large extent not leaving any room for cuts , it does not seem to us to be possible to integrate new members without increasing the union budget in percentage terms ( in my view ) , above the scanty 1.27 % planned for 1999 , or otherwise , given the figures , cifre
if this is compared with the commission 's calculations for the total agricultural policy for all ten new member states , the figure is approximately 9 billion ecus for the year 2000 ; this , i feel , gives a good perspective on enlargement . dato
we have heard many figures from the commissioner and we just wonder why the money provided by europe has not borne the desired fruits up to now . cifre
in some years , the figure was even higher . dato
during 1995 the figure increased slightly and germany accepted around 47 % of the total number of asylum seekers . dato
thank you , commissioner , for that very precise answer , and also for distinguishing between asylum seekers and refugees from civil wars - who in germany are of course added to the figures that you gave . cifre
this figure makes it clear that we need a political signal - not a ' light ' monopoly , but a move towards an ecological restructuring of the internal energy market , with competition based on the provision of environmentally friendly energy services and on a sustainable energy policy . NULL
from today , public access for schools , libraries and hospitals should figure in the basic list for universal service . figurare
with regard to funding , we must have a figure in our heads to start with . cifra
the council president has made a declaration on this , and has confirmed that the total figure adopted by parliament is accepted by the council . importo
third , it will thus create a new resource of safe water for the tourist industry throughout europe which will allow the potential economic benefits to far outweigh the costs of implementation , even on the basis of ofwat 's fanciful figures . cifre
the rapporteur , then , is under the spell of figures , balance sheets and cost estimates , and loses sight of the unique and historical opportunity of eastward expansion , and its importance in terms of peace policy . numeri
the point at which i cease to agree is the point at which we , the aid workers , are accused of inflating the figures . cifre
in this connection , i should point out that there is in fact a reverse trend , a trend towards minimizing the figures for the sake of a clear conscience when the numbers add up . cifre
i also regret the fact that in setting the percentage cuts for the next six years the commission has been guided primarily by the biologists ' figures . calcoli
in the past 2.2 million tonnes a year were accepted instead of the 2 million previously accepted ; now there is a move to increase that to 2.533 million tonnes , reduced to 2.3 million in the santini report ( which we shall be voting for as an alternative to the previous figure although we still are not satisfied , since it accepts , albeit at lower figures , the principle of increasing the quota ) . valore
there is a bit of confusion about the figures in the reports , but the statistics have come from different areas - but 11 % is my understanding now . cifre
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , i should like to begin by citing a figure which perhaps characterizes the current situation in mostar more clearly than anything else could do . cifra
i would like to conclude by saying to mr pasty in particular that when he gave the figures , which were quite misleading , he obviously had not looked at the nominations that have come forward , particularly from my group , because he would have noticed that of the three places for quaestor which we hold we have ceded one to a smaller group in this house and will be supporting a candidate from the gue . cifre
as to whether dublin 's ' performance enhancement ' approach also worked in the area of main priority , which is the battle to reduce the figure of 18 million unemployed , it did manage to create a new level of awareness among the member states and to link a number of measures in order to make them effective . disoccupati
recent figures from the irish police force say that 76 % of all crime in ireland is drugsrelated . dati
i am referring to organisations such as the european investment bank , the ecip and al-invest , from which i infer directly that the european union is in favour of the development aid being granted . the eu is in fact the leading donor - 54 % compared with less than half this figure granted by the united states . alinvest
because , in most cases , these are countries with very divided societies which need help to carry out economic reforms capable of reducing the unemployment figures and the poverty figures . economic reforms which will create the conditions needed for consolidation or even , in some cases , for the introduction of collective policies based on solidarity , similar to what we in europe call ' the welfare state ' . tassi
with regard to the trade aspects , i think that the european export figures for 1995 released at the beginning of january are very satisfactory . dati
it would be very difficult to reproach the european union for not concerning itself sufficiently with the latin american continent when , based on the oecd figures for last year , we represent 62 % of cooperation , much less attempt to compare it with the united states which was even surpassed by japan last year , and which accounts for only 14 % . cifre
second , i cannot accept either the statement that there has been a fall-off in financial and trade relations because , and i would stress this , this is not reflected in the oecd figures . dati
last week , mr president , i received the latest figures on delays in air transport . dati
last year 's figures for my region showed that haddock withdrawals increased by 50 % and whiting withdrawals were up by 30 % . dati
until such time as we have specific figures on these projects we do not wish to comment on this paragraph 25 . cifre
in general , i welcome the rapporteur 's acknowledgement that forests provide much more than the simple exploitation of their economic potential and that much of the value of forests cannot be easily quantified in cold facts and figures . dati
indeed , amendment 5 , which was adopted , and which therefore figures in the final resolution , demands , i quote ' that immigrants from outside the community should receive equal treatment regarding economic and social rights , recognition of civil , cultural and political rights , particularly the right to vote in local elections for non-european foreigners residing in europe ' . figura
the situation as regards implementing the programmes in the objective 1 regions has improved in relation to the figures for last may given in the report . dati
in view of the disturbing trend of the german labour market - i need not quote you the figures here - we must try to adapt the existing aid measures in as simple a manner as possible , which in principle is already possible through the regulation . cifre
in the case of objective 5b regions , the figure was only 51 % . percentuale
i would wish , indeed i would demand that all european resources that go to the regions are also clearly recorded as such and shown in figures . cifre
between 1991 and 1993 , the structural funds helped create and preserve more than 220 000 jobs in east germany and i hope the figure will be even larger not just in east germany but in germany as a whole over the current assistance period . numero
indeed the most recent planning figures demonstrate that we can achieve this if we act consistently , thanks to the improvements in 1996 and the very strong pressure the commission will exert in future years too . dati
in recital f , on page 4 , last line , after ' rate of unemployment ' we read : ' which is 21.3 % in the south , compared with 7.1 % in the north and 10.2 % in central italy , the national average being 12.2 % ( istat figures - december 1996 ) and the community average 10.8 % ( eurostat figures - september 1996 ) ' . dati
so in short , if the house - which i am about to consult - has no objection to voting on this oral amendment , you wish the figures to be checked to ensure that everything is in line with the original version . cifre
madam president , i do think it is probably incumbent upon this house to produce up-to-date reports but i would also insist that the statistics are checked not only by national or regional indicators , but with eurostat , to make sure that we have the latest , up-to-date figures and not figures which some members may wish to insert to make their case look worse in terms of their structural funds . aggiornati
could i suggest further to mrs green that she takes another look at the figures because the figures i saw this morning showed that mr blair lost by 13 votes . cifre
i believe that many clarifications that we would like to have today , for which we are asking the present commission , could have been obtained from that dominant figure , and that the decision not to involve him was probably prompted by an excess of respect . personaggio
do we not see the same attitude in the brutal imposition of the convergence criteria for entry into monetary union , with its acceptance of escalating unemployment figures , growing poverty and social crises ? esplosivo
even if this figure is an exaggeration , half that figure would still be disastrous , particularly as we are striving to reduce unemployment not increase it . essere
with regard to administration of the frequency spectrum , i note that , in the usa , the federal communication commission has adopted a truly ultra-liberal approach , putting frequencies up for tender to any operators that have applied and awarding them to the highest bidder , thus raking in huge amounts of capital - i seem to recall the figure of 20 billion dollars , which , just to give a point of comparison , is virtually twice nasa 's annual budget - that can then be used for further investment . ultraliberistico
in particular , the traditional french right is legitimizing the problems posed by the far right by suggesting that there is a causal link between immigration - and even the symbolic figure of the foreigner - on the one hand and economic difficulties , unemployment and insecurity on the other . figura
the figures on violence are shocking . bilancio
the others fall far short of that figure . valore
there can be no point in sending young unqualified europeans to developing countries , especially those experiencing catastrophic circumstances , just to help europe 's unemployment figures . disoccupazione
the gender aspect figured prominently in the communication on linking relief , rehabilitation and development and in echo 's work in 1996 and will continue to do so , being an essential part of making our humanitarian assistance equitable and effective . spicco
the level of expenditure that is to be rejected is considered very carefully , in accordance with fixed guidelines , taking fully into account the arguments of the member states , and after consulting a body of independent , senior figures .  
at times such as these , when unemployment figures have reached record levels in some member states , those principles need to be reiterated ; we need to take a stand against exclusion and avoid any backsliding in the timid progress achieved . dati
although the european parliament is the institution with the highest percentage of women in its higher administrative grades , the figure is barely 20 % . percentualmente
it is true that at this moment the european shipbuilding industry - to be specific naval shipbuilding - accounts for only 20 % of the world market , but that figure could be greatly increased . percentuale
a few figures are worth repeating : over a period of four years , the number of drug addicts charged in the nord - pas-de-calais region has more than doubled . cifra
a fairly prominent spd figure once said : ' there is no such thing as spd economic policy or cdu economic policy ... ' - and i am not quoting a liberal but an spd supporter because i think the member concerned would find him more credible , although now you do not seem to like this either - anyway , in my view this man quite rightly said : ' there is no such thing as spd , cdu or fdp economic policy , there is only a wrong or a right economic policy . ' NULL
i would be grateful for information about the number of people working for the commission and maybe some figures as this would make it easier for people to assess whether the work is being carried out in a more financially efficient manner . dati
i think that is the message that needs to be sent to the intergovernmental conference : put figures at the service of ideals , stop concentrating shortsightedly on the coming elections rather than on the coming generations and let everyone seek their own best interests in the common interest . cifre
a degree of care should be taken when presenting such impressive figures in the campaign against drug trafficking , since a distinction must be made between development cooperation funded by military sources and development cooperation funded by the forces of law and order . cifre
to be sure , if , in its report , the european commission were to include all the national budgets of the 15 member states - all the expenditure for scotland yard , the french gendarmerie , the german police , the spanish guardia civil and italian customs officers - the amount spent by the european union to combat the drugs problem would also be an impressive figure . cifra
a choice has to be made , and i believe that we are confronted more with a problem of presentation , of how the community budget is spent , than with a dispute over figures with the committee on development and cooperation . cifre
it obtained the figures it wanted from the commission , relative to what is mentioned in the written opinion . riguarda
unicef puts the number of female victims of this , worldwide , at 130 million - an enormous figure , and all the more appalling in that it is still rising . cifra
our task now in ungass is therefore to evaluate , to reassess , to revitalize - speaking more figuratively , to give the process a kick in the pants . ungass
the rapporteur herself quotes figures in her report which are truly illustrative , stating that , in 1990 , the richest 20 % of the world 's population enjoyed 30 % more income than the poorest 20 % and that , in 1995 , this percentage had doubled , the income difference between the poorest and the richest populations being 60 % . cifre
we all know that our member states were never able to approve such a figure nor even to agree as to the distribution of such an amount . cifra
i received in my mail this morning some interesting figures showing world energy demand . cifre
enabling women to take part in working life will actually contribute to economic growth , but i would not like to conclude without recalling the great service which women do to their families and all of those women who help their working spouses despite the fact that they do not figure in the statistics and that the european union has only been dealing with their situation since 1986 . compaiono
the figures themselves are nothing new ; they come as no surprise . cifre
recent figures show that the population could increase by up to 10 % over the next 10-15 years . statistiche
for instance , the maastricht treaty provides that the decision on which member states participate in the first wave of emu on 1 january 1999 may be taken on the basis of either estimates or hard figures . numeri
we have now learnt that it has since been decided that this decision will be taken on the basis of hard figures . numeri
a number of other decisions on these lines have also been taken , and i presume that on 23 april , when the commission presents its assessment of the figures for 1996 , parliament will have the opportunity - in the debate which i assume will take place before the press conference - to request further clarification on this matter . cifre
it truly is a beautiful text , technically , well-researched , with figures , graphs and tables . numeri
it is hard to believe that unemployment is a question of figures and flexibility of the labour market . cifre
but there is a vast lacuna in their world of figures and statistics : men are only a variable for adjustment , when they should really be at the centre of all concerns . cifre
what figures , for example , are revealed by controls carried out in respect of northern products ? emergano
all these various factors make it difficult to give any exact figures . dati
i would therefore ask you to be patient , because the evaluation and detailed research into the exact figures are already in hand , and i hope that you will be able to get a clearer picture from the reports which the commission is currently drawing up on all ten of the applicant countries . dati
according to estimates for the period 1992-94 , certain irish regions were below the threshold level of 75 % of average gdp per inhabitant in the eu as a whole - although by 1995 , the figures in question were already showing a significant improvement , thanks to an impressive national growth rate of 8 % . valori
however , i would emphasize again that these estimated figures at nuts level iii are not the same as those used in the objective i eligibility criteria , which are applied at nuts level ii . valori
however , i would ask you to bear in mind that we do , of course , receive unemployment statistics from all over europe , and that agreements exist as to which aspects of those figures we should take into account . statistiche
that , of course , distorts the employment criteria and , indeed , our unemployment figures . statistiche
i would therefore ask you to appreciate that we have to consider the overall applicability of the information we receive , and broadly speaking rely on eurostat figures which - because they have the same statistical base in each instance - are the only ones that can ensure a fair comparison . dati
on the basis of commission regulation 3846 / 87 , the figures showed that a total of ecu 296 million ( about fim 1.8 billion ) was paid out from the community budget in aid for the export of live cattle between 16.10.1995 and 15.10.1996 . 3846
however , it is possible that the figures have been fiddled with , since it is the banks and companies themselves that have reported . trasmessi
we would rather give consideration to the eib facilities and to the copenhagen facilities which have created 45 , 000 new jobs in europe , because these figures are verified and properly recorded . controllati
the political fact we accept with discharge is that the irregularity figures detected are not an indicator of fraud . cifre
1995 will be a record year , because irregularities have reached the staggering figure of ecu 1.14 billion , or 1.7 % of expenditure . valore
in 1994 it produced one which gave us an extrapolated figure of what seemed to be going wrong , and for 1995 , we have had another . estrapolati
what use is it if a car produces outstanding figures when tested at 20 degrees ? valori
i mentioned the visegrad countries simply because one of the most hotly discussed reports quoting figures in the billions had to be do with enlargement to include the visegrad countries , but you can take it from me that that implies no judgment on the council 's part as to how the future process of enlargement will unfold and which countries will be involved . importi
in addition , there are several proposals to reduce the weighting on specific subjects from 100 % to 20 % or 50 % or other figures depending on the issue at stake . percentuali
in particular , i believe that the linkage established in article 2 ( 2 ) between fishing permits and pre-existing entitlements to fish and the fact that article 2 ( 3 ) fixes the number of vessels at the status quo figure constitute unacceptable restrictions of the fishing effort . vincola
we believe , furthermore , that this figure refers only to those who have had the courage to complain of a problem they have encountered , and that , sadly , the real situation is much more serious . cifra
we have unemployment figures of more than 10 percent . dato
we also ask that , abiding by the ceilings which gatt places on subsidized exports , the 75 000 tonnes not used last year should be added to the figure for this year , which might make the market significantly more flexible . aggiungano
one further question closely bound up with this problem concerns the approximately 12 % drop in the monthly growth figures for rice , a proposal which appears in the new package of agricultural prices . mensili
such growth figures are essential for an agricultural marketing year to indicate the requirements for possible storage and placing on the market as a function of demand . mensili
i ask this because there is a disproportionate disadvantage to women in the unemployment figures and the small business sector is , of course , most fertile in terms of producing jobs . dati
the commission predicts a figure of 2.9 % for the whole of the european union for 1997 , with thirteen countries on or below the reference level of 3 % . unione
indeed , may i remind you that when the single currency is in place , the figure of 3 % will no longer be an objective , but it will become a limit . cifra
in other words , it was not , and is not , a matter of changing the figures which have been drawn up by the commission 's departments , because the figures must be credible , that is , they must not be subject to any political pressure . cifre
if the commission is mistaken , that is to say , if its assessment is not correct , and if the italian government thinks that its measures will be fully effective , well then the figures will be rather different . cifre
i think that the principal message , when you compare the figures , between 1997 and 1998 , is that you realise that the figures for 1997 are in general obtained because member states have taken isolated measures for stabilisation or one-off measures , in english . cifre
i think that this is how the tables , the figures , should be interpreted , and once again the exercise which we will have plenty of opportunity to comment on next year , mr cox , should not be anticipated . cifre
commissioner , since thursday , as you know , in italy there has been talk only about commissioner de silguy 's figures and in particular this 3.2 % which would put italy in a corner , while many other international institutions list the same figures for other countries , one of which you know very well and which is facing an election campaign after which nobody knows what sort of policy will be pursued . cifre
our target of 2 % is not at all incompatible with , or in contradiction to , our figures regarding employment and what we should do with respect to the fight against unemployment . cifre
if we recall that the decision on those who are to be part of the ' euro club ' should be taken on the basis of 1997 figures , what political or economic balances are endangered by the famous billion ecu from 1998 ? cifre
the vital agreement on the growth percentage for the 1998 budget , compliance with signed agreements remaining fully in force and maintenance of the figures for payments credits , will very much condition the possibility for the three institutions to reach an agreement over the budget . importi
in 1994 the figure had fallen to just 14 % . cifra
it is a slur on their reputation to suggest their figures do not give a true picture . cifre
if we want to do that we really must involve the european parliament and most significantly we must put figures to the aspirations in an explicit amount in budgetary terms , something which i hope we shall have an opportunity to discuss very shortly . cifre
i myself pointed out to the commission that figures since the second half of 1995 showed that the proposed increase in volume reserved for third countries was unrelated to the consumption needs of the european union and therefore we were being asked to ratify the marketing of some 265 , 000 tons of bananas surplus to the european union 's capacity to absorb them . proposto
there is certainly a large question mark against the figures they use , but the signs are clearly there , particularly since local fishermen in various developing countries are having to contend with dwindling catches . dati
the actual requirement on the european commission was to bring forward a publication which would show production and investment figures in an indicative programme . evidenziasse
i understand why you were unable to do so and i hope your inability to show investment figures shows that in the future nuclear power should not be the main form of energy in this european union . dati
these calculations can be refuted by the real figures . smentiti
these may be marginal forces within the regime , but they certainly include a great many opposition figures . rappresentanti
we should grant asylum to the democratic opposition figures in the european union and we cannot allow this granting of asylum to depend on the political decision of iran , as happened in the federal republic of germany . rappresentanti
there is little hope at present of a cease-fire , for a few days ago one of the leading military figures of the spla said in the neue züricher zeitung that its objective is to overthrow the regime and that all its military actions are directed at achieving that aim . rappresentanti
other leading opposition figures such as budiman and bintang pamungkas and trade union leaders like dita sari and muchtar pakpahan are serving long jail sentences under the draconian anti-subversion law . budiman
in fact , the pattern of harassment of human rights activists and opposition figures and church personnel has reached alarming levels . oppositori
they are not producing any figures . dati
if i correctly understand the figures in this report , one out of six vehicles checked did not satisfy the regulations . dati
mr president , i too believe that the social provisions in question relate first and foremost to driving times and rest periods , and if we remember the two figures that were just cited , three million drivers and about 50 000 lives lost , we realise that this is not a minor report that could perhaps be briefly discussed on a friday morning but a report that needs to be considered by the committee on transport , the committee on social affairs and by all the meps and people who really are seriously concerned about safety on the roads dati
let me conclude by thanking the commission for the very cooperative manner in which they invariably agreed to provide us with the various updated figures , and may i finally thank everyone who helped with this report , including members of this house . aggiornati
mrs green mentioned the figure of 50 000 troops , but quite honestly i do not think the number is so important . 000
other independent sources talk about 30 000 , while the turkish authorities have not given any figures . cifra
unemployment , the european union 's most serious problem , cannot only be measured in figures , because above all it is the young , women , elderly , disabled , citizens who will blame us if we do not achieve our main objective in this adventure of ours , that of creating jobs . cifre
i think that i should be able to reassure mrs randzio-plath , whom i found a little too pessimistic , personally , because demand , consumer demand in particular , is improving in europe : + 1.9 % in 1997 , + 2.4 % in 1998 , but investment demand is also growing : investment in equipment , for which we are taking the figure of + 4.8 % in 1997 and + 6.3 % in 1998 . sviluppa
like you , in the european parliament , the commission has found the state of affairs rather disappointing but the last figures which i gave show that this pessimism should nonetheless be tempered . cifre
subject to the member states ' powers of nomination , the entire commission must then appear once again , figuratively at least , before the european parliament to obtain its seal of approval . figurato
it is clear from the figure of no more than 300 000 to 900 000 new jobs - which is a cumulative figure for a number of years - that the single market alone cannot solve the problem of unemployment . nuovi
it is somehow significant that , according to the figures already divulged and analyzed on the basis of various models , the single market which began in 1993 has led to 300 to 900 , 000 extra jobs and a 1.1 to 1.5 increase in the european gdp , as well as a 1.1 to 1.5 reduction in the inflation rate . cifre
however , we cannot limit ourselves to observation of these figures , and it is important to know whether , in face of difficulties which have arisen , we would have been better off if this initiative had not been taken , and the answer to that is a resounding ' no ! ' , since the current problems would probably have been even worse - e.g. unemployment , a result fundamentally of a technological evolutions which we could not have avoided unless we wanted to put our future irremediably in danger . cifre
surveys carried out by the commission itself have come up with striking figures , with as many as 50 % of those surveyed calling for access to these therapies . cifre
as well as that , one has to look at the unemployment figures . cifre
and yet despite the huge unemployment figures from the most recent information from the commission , the number of people going into skills-based training is reducing every year . emergente
if we look at the figures for the homeless , we can see that more than half of them too are aged between 20 and 40 . cifre
the latest figures from the association of european airlines indicate that there are now more than 150 million air passengers a year . cifre
this is a very high figure , which clearly shows that air transport has become a system regularly used by a large proportion of the european population . cifra
all such figures are , and must remain , guesses and we could equally well say that the internal market has reduced the gnp by the same amount or that the internal market will increase the level of unemployment by 5 million people . NULL
for the last three years , i have been asking the commission at regular intervals for the turn-out figures , and they have always claimed that they are unable to provide them , even now , three years after the event . cifre
we think that growth has indeed recovered and the latest information to hand on the figures for the first quarter confirm that . cifre
when i think that two or three years ago , the public deficits averaged 6.2 % , and went down to 4.4 % last year , and that this year we are heading for figures of around 3 % - between 3 and 4 % and i hope nearer to 3 than 4 % - then we can see that there is a process taking place there . cifre
the smes are currently worried that they are going to have to supply the missing figures , which would in one fell swoop cancel out one of the main advantages of having the definitive system , which is to reduce the administrative burden on firms . dati
at community level we must in the long term envisage budgetary growth in relation to gnp in order to move ahead of the 1.27 % envisaged for 1999 to higher figures which will make it possible to overcome situations in which we have asymmetrical crises . valori
i only need remind you of the figures : in countries where inflation has now been under control for several years , short term interest rates are now around 3 % ; in countries where the control of inflation is more recent short term interest rates are still a little higher , but are on the way down . cifre
i think that the fundamental explanation lies in two figures : between 1991 and 1996 public debt went up from 56 % to 73.5 % of gdp . cifre
yet the two countries ' unemployment figures are quite different : 9.5 % in belgium and 6 % in the netherlands . cifre
i merely refer to what mr funk said about the figures from part of germany , which presumably apply to all countries with a strong currency . cifre
not because the problem is primarily political but because , in my view , these two figures represent two major responsibilities of the european union . incarnano
in its 1996 report , it says that in group a , there are 18.91 % women and 81.09 % men . in group c the figures are 71.16 % women and 20.84 % men . 09
that is a long time - a very long time to die in agony - and it is a concession which increases the commission 's figure by a factor of 10 . acute
it is not perfect but the figures show that we want to make progress with socrates . cifre
in addition to these alarming figures is the fact that farming-related rural jobs were also lost , in the trade , crafts and public services sectors . cifre
these figures show that we can understand the anger of french producers but certainly not their acts of violence . cifre
a single figure proves the point : the ratio of the non-working to the working population is expected to increase from 25 % to 51 % between 1995 and 2040 . NULL
i suspect , however , on reflection that the staff did not agree with its staff committee either because at the staff committee elections where this figured as one of the most prominent aspects of their election campaign , the staff committee found that it was 350 votes short of a quorum . figurava
this report clearly shows the need to continue the budgetary austerity line begun last year , so that the 2.7 increase in section i as compared with last year is the correct and the most suitable figure which could be applied .  
in sweden and finland for example two thirds of schools have access to the internet while the figure is fewer than 2 percent of schools in germany . scuole
in order to avoid this problem , we ask the commission to look into the possibility of including clauses for the suspension of aid where the principle of additionality is not respected , including the requirement for each member state to submit figures . dati
the problem is a substantial one , even though today 's figures are less alarming than they were in 1995 , the first year of the programming period . dati
the figure has been more than doubled and , of course , this is to make it possible for spanish shipowners to benefit from the agreement . NULL
coming back to the specific case of mauritius , the agreement here constitutes a kind of toll allowing entry into an economic zone over which mauritius has exercised exclusive rights since the montego bay convention on the law of the sea , in which , incidentally , neither mauritius nor senegal figured very much , as it concerned principally the countries of latin america and east africa . montego
it had always been clear to our side , to the european parliament , that it is fundamentally impossible for a figure , a specific budgetary amount , to be compulsory . cifra
it is not obliged to accept the invitation ; this is an offer of negotiations to the council , and after all we did reach an agreement at the trialogue that we should receive amended figures this autumn , so today 's discussion will not mark the end of the ad hoc procedure . cifre
we were able to establish that the reserve of 1 billion ecu , which was the figure set for 1997 , has been completely scrapped . accertata
agricultural expenditure is to increase by no more than 0.45 % , although under the interinstitutional agreement , the figure should have been 2.1 % . aumento
i do not have your figures to hand at the moment , but if i remember rightly we have completed about 6 % of the whole initiative . cifre
i will gladly look up the uk figures for you afterwards . apposta
in its report , the committee of inquiry made no bones about the fact that hauliers and transport operators are often , wittingly or unwittingly , central figures in fraudulent practices in the community transit procedure . inconsapevolmente
in my view , the figure announced is too low , and we must certainly not allow ourselves to create a situation where we simply redistribute poverty by taking money from the south and giving it to the east . cifra
what are the figures mentioned earlier compared with the huge needs , when we know the huge amounts spent by germany to help former east germany ? cifre
if you analyse the figures , you will see that through the structural funds the member states will be receiving 15 % more in grants than at present . cifre
it is not the reality and does not tally with the figures contained in the documents that i would invite you to examine . cifre
anyone who realizes that 34 % of all the electrical power consumed in the eu comes from atomic power stations - in france , the figure is 70 % - will appreciate that this is not an option . arriva
the commission is currently investigating whether its figures or our figures are correct , but córdoba has also been asked to repay the money in connection with this project . cifre
we are discussing tobacco production figures which represent 5 % of world production , and the sector currently provides direct employment for 170 , 000 people and jobs for 135 , 000 in the conversion industry . al
commitments without deadlines , figures or penalties do not fool anyone . cifre
the commission has not responded to my request for facts and figures about the social impact of its proposals on employment , but it should be aware that we will be quantifying all the aspects of this reform which might have a retrogressive effect . quantificheremo
the proportion of the budget accounted for by the structural funds will increase further in future , as we saw when the agenda 2000 assessment was published yesterday , because some 2 billion marks are to be transferred from them to the agricultural guidance and guarantee fund , mainly for similar use , while in addition structural funding is to be held constant in the budget at its present figure of 0.46 % of gdp . 0
i should be interested to know these figures . dato
turning to the substance of the matter , the figure is 5 % , but there is also voluntary set-aside , which is still possible up to a rate of 33 % . percentuale
so for the time being , i am inclined to say that for the major cases where a genuinely substantial market position is involved - and once again , we have given a figure of 40 % by way of indication - there really is a need to look at the matter in a better way . orientativamente
also figuring in the ranks of small satisfactions are the clause regarding revision after two years and the commitment of the commission executive to present a global cultural programme in 1998 . soddisfazioni
for 1992 , six budget years ago , this figure was about 1.20 % as a maximum spending limit . percentuale
as long ago as april this year the commission proved that the outflow of funds had long overtaken the arrears from previous years , and that we were now almost within the budget figures . programmati
at amsterdam stress was laid on the need to inform citizens about the euro and the treaty of amsterdam , but these funds appear in the budget marked " reminder ' - which means , for the benefit of those in the public gallery , that the figure is zero . importo
i gave a figure about this the last time , if i remember well , when we had a debate in the committee on economic and monetary affairs . cifra
the estimated figure of more than 60 , 000 victims over the course of the last few years is an eloquent and tragic testimony to this . dichiarate
it is not a far-fetched idea since it has figured for many years in the council 's programme and i am delighted that france - my country - is currently considering it , but i think that such an arrangement will not make complete sense or be completely effective unless it takes place at european union level . interessando
it seems to me to be more responsible to invest money worldwide in detection stations , than to put it into estimated figures which are partially politically inspired . calcoli
i refer , for instance , to the eu-japan trade surplus , which had halved between 1992 and 1996 to just ecu 17bn - a big figure , of course , but it had halved . dimezzate
the council however would like to clarify that the dispensation regarding rights of use which figures in directive 93 / 89 / eec only permits the granting of a temporary reduction in the rates of duty on usage to certain member states disadvantaged by their weak economic development and by their particular geographical location , on occasion by political conflict in third countries . favoriti
a few figures suffice to remind us of the value of commerce . cifre
mr president , mr commissioner , we are very pleased that the vast sector of trade is at last being tackled by the commission in a green paper , although the figures mentioned are totally out of date as they date from the beginning of the 1990s . dati
i would argue that in the future the frequency of the publications should be maintained , particularly with regard to the general part with relevant figures and basic data . dati
that is a shocking figure , and if we want to stop this , then we must either accept your concepts , or we must do what has always been green agricultural policy , and declare support for the traditional farming as the aim of agricultural policy . NULL
i certainly could not explain that to my voters in austria , in view of the figures before us today . cifre
we must aim , first of all , to respect the rule regarding virtual balancing of the budgets , which moreover figures in the pact for stability and growth . figurante
the text presents indicative figures for economic progress achieved by vietnam and also reminds us of the possibility of suspending our agreement in the case of human rights violations . dati
there is also a lot than can be said regarding what the figures of improved economic well-being really reflect , the country having been reduced to generalised misery by the most ferocious form of collectivism . dati
the first question is this : what are the real prospects now for the democratisation of a single party government , given that some 75 % of the leading figures in this country are high-ranking and other military officers ? monopartitico
as leading eu figures gather in amsterdam today to sign the new treaty , it is appropriate that we should remember that one of the commitments they have agreed is to ' pay full regard to the welfare requirements of animals ' in implementing policies on agriculture , transport , internal market and research . personaggi
this was especially difficult because - and i emphasize the point - the commission itself had seemed well satisfied with a figure of ecu 100 million . importo
the figure of ecu 115 million is a real success for parliament and i wish to thank all those who made it possible , namely my colleagues in this house and - let me be quite clear about it - the luxembourg presidency of the council . NULL
our success in carrying through the measure is certainly a positive development , despite the fact that the original figure was ecu 700 million . 700
madam president , it is certainly true that we are adding ecu 115 million to the research programme as a result of this report , but that has to be seen in the context of the original indicative figure of ecu 700 million . cifra
the essence of this measure lies not in that figure but in the means by which we propose to achieve it . cifra
on the other hand , i am convinced that in view of the high unemployment figures , the eu should not close its eyes to this problem . disoccupati
madam president , in view of the current figure of 18 million unemployed , an improvement of the employment situation is the greatest challenge currently facing the union . disoccupati
as for the huge commission budget , presented by mr tillich , all i want to add is that i am pleased with the following aspects : first , that it has been possible for the peace initiative to continue , secondly , that the figure of ecu 1 , 000 million has been restored to the structural funds , thirdly , that category 3 sees , for example , the creation of the package of budget lines on the labour market and technological innovation , and fourthly , that funding for latin america has also been increased , albeit ripristinati
the commission draft for the 1998 budget includes 1.15 % of gross national product , while in the council draft the figure is 1.12 % of gnp . 1
we propose that the figure be somewhere between the two . situa
as the commission was able to find the money for peace under category 2 , and since in the discussions with the commission the figures involved have steadily increased , it was obvious that we in the european parliament should ultimately seek to tap the same bountiful source in order to finance rechar and retex . continuavano
the most serious problem , as we all know , is the high unemployment figure , particularly youth and long term unemployment . tassi
the figure mentioned for former yugoslavia is two million displaced persons , half a million of them flooding into the european union . exjugoslavia
mr president , the figures displaced persons have risen dramatically in recent years . numeri
the council reduced this figure to 90 , 884 , to make the union participate in the budgetary discipline efforts which are demanded of the member states in view of the single currency . cifra
it maintains the utterly inadequate figure of 1.27 % of the budget for financing common foreign policy , with a forecast take-up of up to 1.15 % at the most . pil
the figures speak for themselves , even if they are not clear . numeri
all ngos active there , the various organizations already mentioned , give varying figures . cifre
mr von habsburg , the figures which are circulating for the number of famine victims are all estimates which are very difficult to verify . cifre
the report was adopted virtually unanimously by the committee on culture - there was one abstention - and , i hope , by the house is timely in view of this present period in which the world press is in something of a crisis regarding newspaper circulation figures . volumi
the figures show , for example , that from 1991 to 1995 daily newspaper copies sold in the eu member states shrank by 3.7 % , and also that the proportion of advertising copy going to the print media has been steadily diminishing since 1980 . NULL
madam president , it seems from the european commission 's figures that there is considerable overproduction of apples , pears , nectarines and peaches in the horticultural sector . cifre
nevertheless , in proposing these guidelines and figures the commission omits from its analysis consideration of certain points which we think are essential . valori
how do we get that figure ?  
we shall have to draw up a balance sheet for the information campaign on the euro - " citizens first - let 's build europe together ' - because i believe it would be appropriate to see in one year 's time how our money has been spent , in consistent figures , which are even higher than those stated by commissioner kinnock . cifre
allow me to remind the house of a few figures . dati
so if there is no great change in conditions , co2 emissions will continue to increase up to 2010 and are even likely to reach a worldwide figure of 32 thousand million tonnes . raggiungeranno
those are the stark figures . cifre
other calculations forecast even higher figures . abitanti
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , madam commissioner , it is very strange that the same date and the same figure crop up twice in european union documents : the year 2010 and the figure of 15 % apply both to the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions and to the contribution of renewable sources to the supply of raw materials for energy production . biossidi
obviously , denmark is included in the overall figures , like all other countries . cifre
at community level , all the players are now aware that the protection of health and food safety must figure amongst the highest of our priorities . figurare
in a number of countries , including my own , part-time work has contributed more to the reverse of the unemployment figures than anything else , and it has done so in a way that conforms to the market . time
will she accept today that some of the criticisms levelled at the pacte programme are because some of her officials do not like the large number of small projects the pacte entails : they prefer the bigger figures in the article 10 programme ? numeri
this question should be considered at a second reading as it is normally addressed only in response to specific council proposals for indicative budget figures . cifre
fifth , foreign policy through the creation of an identifiable figure in the form of the secretary-general of the council , strengthening of the structures through the setting-up of an analysis and planning unit , and a new troika formula including the eu commissioner . figura
i think we all agree in recognizing that transatlantic dialogue is extremely important , not only out of technical and commercial considerations , but also because the foreign trade and direct foreign investment figures testify to very major economic ties between the european union and the united states of america . cifre
i should like to draw your attention , commissioner van den broek , to figure 3 of our joint resolution , which deals with finance . cifra
in 1977 there were about 100 , 000 , and today the number already runs into seven figures . pressapoco
these figures clearly show that the united states has taken the measure of the issues at stake in the cinema and the audiovisual industry , which are commercial and political issues . NULL
the fishing agreement with guinea-bissau , which is the longest-established , fullest and most diversified of those we are discussing today , allows spain , italy and portugal to take up to 9600 tonnes gross of shrimps per year , suggests a figure of three thousand tonnes gross of shellfish per year , to be used by spain and italy , and also establishes the possibility of granting 89 tuna-fishing licences . 600
we have the impression that on this occasion they used the opposite approach . it seems that their starting point was a prefixed and immovable financial ceiling - the sacrosanct 1.27 % of gnp - and , based on that figure , they balanced the finances to fit as much as possible under that ceiling . inamovibile
of course , technical factors , facts , figures , must be known and taken into account . cifre
poland is also a big country in terms of its geography , of its population figures and of its economic potential . demografico
either the non-compulsory expenses thus transferred are requalified as compulsory expenses , or they keep their current qualification and parliament will have to look into the expenditure which figures in the agricultural guideline , which will lead to difficult arbitration between its position and that of the council . riqualificate
of course , and although we have been analyzing a lot of technical data and statistics for a year and a half , i hope that parliament understands that the commission is not there only to look at the figures but has a political notion of its own . cifre
the problem which arises there is that there was so much downright lying , for if the public domains would get out of their aid policy , if the right to community aid in the czech republic became a reality , then there would be unemployment figures which would rise in double figure leaps ! disoccupazione
the figures are not , in my opinion at this point in time the most important thing . a
those looking at the figures relating to this point will notice that small and medium-sized firms have great difficulty in investing in the expenses associated with life-long learning , and i think it is extremely important to include small and medium-sized firms in the reforms of the organization of work ; on that point , my group will therefore support the amendment of the christian-democratic group . NULL
the fact that 500 , 000 women are estimated to be being trafficked in the european community is an appalling figure . dato
these figures clearly show that some postal services attract the national mail of other countries , and thus organize unacceptable and unlawful redirections of traffic , the cause of which is the depositing of mail outside national borders prior to its posting . NULL
this is also a unique achievement : arriving at a figure during conciliation which is higher than the budget estimate put forward by the commission . importo
of course the figure , as far as the culture committee is concerned , will always be too low , but this is a huge step in the right direction . cifra
so they should look at their own figures before they criticize the expenditure for europe , because it should not be forgotten that the growth rate of 1.4 % simultaneously includes growth in heading 2 on the scale of 6.7 % for the structural funds . conti
almost nothing on social welfare , on health , on education , on culture , the things which constitute a united europe , not just ecu and figures , when we forget that behind the ecu and the figures there are people . cifre
my question to the commissioner is : when can all relevant figures be issued , so that the discussion can at least be based on real figures ? cifre
we think that before we go further , we need an objective analysis of the factors for and against , on the basis of the figures and on no other basis . numeri
allow me to quote a few figures to put the problem into perspective : in 1997 , the commission presented 13 white or green papers , 103 communications - some of them virtually compulsory , while others were consultation documents - and 116 reports , all of which were requested of us . furthermore , i believe there are three important reasons for producing consultation documents . NULL
the associated countries of the maghreb , who have concluded an agreement with the european union , do not figure amongst the countries stated . figurano
i believe that once that figure of 10 , 000 signatures has been reached - and as i said , if that has not yet happened then it soon will - there will have to be some effort , on the part of the council and the official embassies there , to persuade the cuban government to comply with its own constitution . limite
one example is the figure of 16 , 000 quoted here , which is a wild exaggeration . cifra
we agree with the request for an increase in the guaranteed maximum amount which , although the text does not say so , we think that might reach a figure of about 1 , 800 , 000 tonnes . aggirarsi
the lack , in every way , of realism in the current figure of 1 , 350 , 000 is only incurring unfair penalties which specially affect , together with a decline in prices , small and medium-sized producers . 000
that point is to determine the maximum guaranteed quantity on past figures . valori
the figure in question should in fact be less than two tonnes per capita . aggirarsi
the americans , who create the most emissions in absolute figures and per head of population , finally agreed to reduce emissions by 7 % , provided that tradable emissions are allowed . cifre
so i hope that i will have an opportunity to come back once we have analysed the figures a bit better and be able to say how things are going with the targets we have set up so far . cifre
i would like to know the exact figure ! dato
the situation of both the media and the various ngos , and also that of the very popular islamic figure obidkhon nazarov is regarded as extremely unsatisfactory and was the subject of a very negative assessment in the last human rights watch report . obidkhon
if you look at the figures over a period of 10 , 15 or 20 years , you will see that in the final analysis their results are not very different , even if at certain times differences in appreciation may effectively appear . cifre
these figures demonstrate the importance of european regulations for environmental and climate protection , but they also indicate the financial impact which this legislation will have on european industry . numeri
in the history of europe its great cultural figures , such as mozart , chopin , goethe or voltaire , would not have recognized a concept of a europe that was divided in the way it has been in the past 50 years . figure
each one is not a figure , but a tragedy , a waste of talent and an alienation from our societies and our economies . numero
i have to confess also to a private fascination in trying to figure out how some people got 1 1 / 2 minutes , some 2 minutes and some 3 minutes . capacitarmi
when we look at the eurostat figures we have to conclude that people working for big companies have a lot more opportunities for training paid for by the social partners than those who work in small and medium-sized enterprises . dati
the figures on participation in further training measures are also interesting , and the unemployment figures are particularly negative . NULL
the council regrets the position of the turkish government concerning the case of mrs leyla zana and can assure you that the situation of human rights and democracy , including the rights of members of the kurdish population in turkey , will continue to figure prominently on its agenda . figurare
that is , when making a temporary regulation into a permanent one , it would not make much sense to keep to the figures established initially , on the basis of a given situation which might have been valid in 1992 . cifre
because of its economic significance , and the number of jobs it creates , this is not just another figure but part of the strategic resources which are vital for such support to enable the industry to survive in the outlying regions , which suffer from the highest rates of unemployment in the union and are all areas under objective 1 on account of their low level of income . cifre
yesterday the figures relating to applicants for asylum in germany last year were published . state
since the introduction of an automated finger-printing system in germany this figure has dropped considerably . numero
similar figures also came out of a study comparing switzerland and austria . ignorare
now it appears that the accountant , previously the prototype of a dry , upright figure working on his own who would only get a look in to see that figures entered in the books were correct , has now become someone who also intervenes in what happens in companies . herein lies the responsibility of the commission given the fact that there is no harmonized european fiscal legislation . incorruttibile
as i mentioned to begin with , we do not yet fully agree on the figures . cifre
similarly , that front line role is confirmed by the facts and figures : in 1996 , the rate of participation in echo was higher than 20 % of the total of the world 's humanitarian aid . cifre
in fact if you look at the rising crime figures in the united states it is clear that such an abhorrent punishment does not work and it is about time the americans actually realised that they are way behind the rest of the international community and cannot point the finger at other , what i would call more primitive countries that we criticize with regard to the death penalty . dati
i think that is an important political event and i believe that the european union should also appoint such a figure . figura
it is clear that the political importance of community involvement in this debt initiative is very much greater than its contribution in terms of absolute figures . stretto
air quality is essential to public health : 7 to 10 % of cases of respiratory disease in children and 19 % of cases of pulmonary illnesses are but a few figures that may be attributed to air pollution . dati
the main aim of the amendments must be to extend and assist the collection and processing of reliable facts and figures , and especially the provision of information both to the institutional bodies and to the member states for the elaboration of measures and policies . dati
it is therefore very important that the requirements are clearly given in figures and years . cifre
mr president , the president-in-office has attractive surveys , facts , figures on the countries we have discussed , but he has not given any answers . cifre
the figures show - and were discussed in a conference in maastricht today - that over the last ten years 70 % of all accidents have involved carriers accounting for only 16 % of total air traffic . NULL
firstly , i would like to look at the issue of transportable pressure equipment which unfortunately has figured too briefly in this joint debate . trasportabili
obviously the teething problems that resulted in only 75 % of funds being spent in 1994 have been resolved to the extent that this figure has risen to 95 % in 1996 . quota
terence wynn has refuted the prejudice that housekeepers are people who concern themselves with figures and nothing else . cifre
just think of multiplying the euro by a different figure in each of the 15 member states when it becomes real currency , on 1 january 2002 . cifra
no-one , neither the council nor the commission , much less the european parliament , has risked the task of trying to evaluate the practical cost of changing over to the euro and to figure out the macro-economics of the move . quantificarne
that is a serious figure . costo
i would like to point out , however , that those countries which have expressed their targets in concrete figures have achieved good results . cifre
all these measures will contribute to our common goal of tackling this unacceptable , appalling , disgraceful figure of 45 000 deaths every year . cifra
the rapporteur , mr cornelissen , rightly points out that the figure of ecu 1 million can lead to abuse , as the cheapest measures might be the ones to get priority . importo
mr president , mr commissioner , i think the figures are alarming . one person in eighty becomes the victim of a road accident and the resulting economic costs amount to 1 % of the gnp of the eu . dati
commissioner , the autonomous region of valencia has objective 1 status but it has still not been decided if it will retain that status , because it is a few points above or below the figure of 75 % of community income . certa
another problem is that people do not know and cannot figure out who is responsible . assumersene
the figures are dramatic and disturbing : at the moment , there are a good five million people suffering from this terrible disease . cifre
that is why a reorientation of phare has taken place , in which everything which has to do with institution building and enhancing administration comes under the category of 30 % of the phare resources , which has been given as a rough target figure to be spent on this . presuntivo
it may seem absurd to try to reduce the number of victims in a text . nevertheless , given the extent of the figures at union level , financial measures are urgently required . percentuali
some people now suspect a number of different political figures of terrorizing the public . attori
if we turn to my own country , scotland , the figures show a similar trend . dati
so that is an indication of the trends ; these figures are not just statistics , ladies and gentlemen , they represent significant challenges for us as policy-makers . cifre
naturally you can say that there is always a need for more money , but we are not asking for the impossible when we insist on a figure of ecu 80 million . dotazione
in fact , this is a problem that occurs a great deal in italy , for example , but i think it applies to all countries , judging by the alarming figures . cifre
the figures indicate answers to letters rogatory in the various countries , even over a long period , of around 15 % : a judge or a bench of magistrates ask for 100 % and 15 % reply . cifre
the figures on the demographic decline and ageing of the european population have been known for years . dati
they told us that at that time the figure was in fact 40 % . percentuale
please , i am giving you the figures as communicated to us by the organizers . cifre
i would like to have some figures from them . cifre
after " figure ' , i propose that we insert " some type of european attorney ' . figura
so after " figure ' , i would like to insert " some type of european attorney ' . figura
we cannot just talk about massaging the figures and removing vessels from the national register and putting them somewhere else , we have to see where they are going , what is happening to them . cifre
in just three years , catches have doubled , from 20 000 tonnes in 1992 to 40 000 in 1995 , and we all know that these official figures are far lower than the true level . dati
we felt that as this directive is part of a body of legislation aimed at dealing with various aspects of airports there ought to be some degree of consistency , and the figure we have chosen would fit in with those appropriate to the groundhandling directive . dimensioni
i am pleased to note that there is a consensus - though one could be forgiven for thinking that there was not , listening to the debate - around the figure of one million passenger movements as a general threshold for applying the main principles , and i can accept this part of amendment no 8 . milione
these figures cannot fail to lead parliament to take appropriate measures . cifre
the current regulation on the service conditions of commission employees bans them from providing the european parliament with figures without prior permission from the hierarchy . gerarchie
this gordian knot must be cut , in other words a way must be found to provide the european parliament with the figures it must have if it is to exempt or not discharge the commission for its implementation of the budget . gordio
while luxembourg 's freight traffic is well above the limit provided for in the directive , its figure for passenger movements is about 1.2 million - and would therefore not come under the directive with the corresponding amendment . numero
all available figures show that smes form the backbone of employment growth in the eu and that this situation will continue . dati
and that is a matter of figures , sir ! quantificarlo
i would even say that in some member states , flexibility is even greater , as the thresholds given are for maximum limits , and the criterion concerning the number of employees may be applied alone , without reference to turnover or balance sheet figures . volume
the fact is , apart from the drought problem which has been mentioned , the latest figure for spanish production was 947 000 tonnes , which is very different from the maximum being set for that country . 000
alongside people with disabilities , there are approximately 100 million elderly people in the eu , and this figure - as we know from demographic statistics - is set to climb even higher . numero
hence the export figures of one member state should normally equal the sum of exports from the other member states to the member state in question . cifre
changing the number of figures in the nomenclature from eight to six could lead to the elimination of an essential element . cifre
eventually , when the council 's first reading has taken place , it will be time to earmark a total figure for each heading and line . importo
this figure may be based on possible estimates , but these have no normative character as such . importo
the final figure in this budget category should continue to be adjusted for as long as possible on the basis of more current expenditure estimates , in other words , right up until the second reading . NULL
on the subject of structural funds , the application of the 1993-1999 financial forecasts , approved by the 1992 edinburgh summit , would , given the late payments , give the 1999 budget a figure of 1.325 % of community gnp in credit commitments and 1.235 % in payment credits , in other words considerably above the ceiling of 1.10 % allocated in january during the orientation debate ( which in turn was lower than the maximum of 1.27 % allocated in edinburgh ) . assestarsi
this guideline will go against member states ' wishes to continue to reduce their public deficits in the years to come ( as the figure of 3 % is a ceiling , not an ideal level ) , and in a wider sense to keep community expenditure within reasonable limits . percentuale
the inclusion of these two member states in the list of first-wave countries demonstrates clearly that the maastricht criteria were not adhered to and that massaging of figures is acceptable practice . cifre
ladies and gentlemen , these figures are shocking . in order to counter such a distressing situation , a twopronged assault combining prevention on the one hand and repression on the other is envisaged . numeri
there is another question . all those people , including myself , who are committing themselves to the retention of duty- free sales , because of their concern about the imminent job losses with which they are confronted , are working with shock figures provided by the duty-free industry and pressure groups . cifre
the fact that in figures for total debt , only three candidate countries were under 60 % and two were over 120 % is in fact deeply worrying . indebitamento
since you know the figures as well as i do , i will give only one example : improvements in public deficits . solo
let these figures and the commission 's reasoning represent both alarm bells and carrots when the work on the economic guidelines is completed . cifre
it is also important , ladies and gentlemen , that we have almost achieved a general consensus on the measures to adopt to improve the worrying unemployment figures suffered by the european union as a whole . percentuale
i do not know exactly how much the commission has revised its growth figures as a result of what has happened in asia but the potential for catastrophe has not gone . cifre
so we must guarantee that we can deliver real skills and real training to people to allow them to get real jobs , not simply massage the figures to take them off the unemployment statistics for a few months . cifre
actually , this figure is much less than we once thought , and we have assumed from the beginning of the internal market that it would increase . cifra
if you look at the current renewable energy production figures for the european union , you will see that we stand at 6 % . cifre
in spain the figure is 8 % because that country has made a great effort . raggiunto
is the council going to start performing magic or are people going to start juggling the emission figures ? cifre
in that case it is important for the different figures to estimate the emission costs to be calculated in different ways too . sistela
we have to demonstrate that a figure of 20 million unemployed is absolutely unacceptable . cifra
unemployment has grown in the euro area , and this is particularly true if you consider that the official unemployment figures do not take into consideration all job seekers , nor those " poor wage-earners ' whose number is increasing . cifre
the reality behind the figures is frightening . cifre
i also want to say that , in broad terms , this parliament has already expressed its priorities for the 1999 budget and although we agree that it has to be a rigorous budget the union 's commitments should not be compromised just for the sake of the endof-year figures .  
the who furthermore specifies that tobacco kills 3.5 million people throughout the world every year and that this figure will reach 10 million by the year 2020 . diventeranno
that is why , whilst leaving you to reflect on these figures , i propose that we follow the advice of the rapporteur , mr cabrol , and vote for the proposal as it stands , without amendment . dati
it has also been noticed that , in a general sense , educational programmes that started in the 1950s show up clearly in statistics : figures for lung cancer in men have fallen dramatically.this is without doubt an indication that an advertising ban is necessary and that it will have far-reaching significance for the issue of public health . neoplasia
the figures i have seen relate to 1993 and they came to £ 2 billion in england and wales for the replacement of water companies ' lead pipes and £ 6 billion for the replacement of domestic pipes . dati
that is a very large amount of money and i would be interested to know whether the commission has any figures on that . cifre
let me briefly comment on the most significant amendments , not least because they have figured in today 's debate . permeato
we have set a lower threshold excedence for so2 which i recognize is quite optimistic but , in view of the serious effects on public health of high levels of so2 over even a short period of time , i hope the commission and the council will find a way to reduce their existing figure , even if they feel they cannot go the whole distance . so2
the working group on this did not recommend an hourly limit figure but i believe it is more realistic to try to reduce excedences than to go for the drastically lower limit value that some colleagues want . limite
however , so2 limits need to be looked at again in the review in 2003 and we must be aware that some member states have a lower figure than that in the text . valori
i have checked the figures and i would be pleased to let the commission have these yet again . NULL
in that context , we all know that the moment of truth has not yet arrived , even though , in an exemplary demonstration of transparency on the part of the commission , the implementation figures for the budgetary planning for the mediterranean are currently available on the internet . cifre
the figures are excellent as regards commitments , but the question goes further than that . stanziamento
it is easy to see the creation of new jobs in those areas where figures are already available : in 1996 7.4 million were employed in the it industry in the usa . statistiche
such figures also exist for parts of europe . cifre
the crss have gigantic amounts of market information at their disposal , including travel agents ' sales figures . dati
i also agree that the european union should support nelson mandela , that great world figure , whom we look forward to seeing soon in cardiff . figura
figures recently produced from the central statistics office clearly show that the midland region was below 75 % of the average eu standard of living . cifre
these regions should definitely be included along with the union 's structural fund reforms in the creation of a new objective programme , one in which the island regions would figure in the highest aid bracket , that is , 75 % of the total cost of a project . arcipelaghi
the reports and the figures quoted in the swedish media are entirely inaccurate . cifre
the fishing vessels , of which there are exactly 74 - and 33 of these have seine nets which are very harmful and also create a lot of difficulties - only pay ecu 20 per tonne , which is practically 40 000 lira per 10 quintal tonnes : a truly insignificant figure . cifra
we consider it important that the parliament be informed how the research fund is being used : that means having not only the figures but also an analytical presentation of the results of this fund . cifre
but whereas we accept the commission 's hypotheses and figures at the moment , we must point out that if the costs corresponding to pre-accession and enlargement are added to the current figures for the structural and cohesion funds , there is still room for manoeuvre within the 1.27 % ceiling . cifre
i actually wonder whether agenda 2000 , in wanting to concentrate the distribution of funds as much as possible , has taken into account the actual needs of regions or whether it has blindly chosen a figure as the maximum criterion . dato
this figure should be examined thoroughly so that it accurately reflects the socio-economic condition of a region , otherwise , we will find ourselves with obvious distortions of reality like , for example , in the case of the island regions . dato
looking to the future , that is first of all the application of objective 2 in line with the principle of subsidiarity , with the opportunity for countries and regions to select a considerable number of the areas , and the horizontal support in figure 3 , goodness knows this cannot in any way be seen as neglect of rural areas . rubrica
thus , multinationals in these countries will follow their usual routes of putting profit first and the interests of the acp will never figure in their calculations . trascurando
whilst the commission and parliament are demanding a substantial increase in appropriations to bring them to ecu 16.3 billion over five years , the council has given a figure of 14 billion , which in real terms represents a decrease in comparison with the fourth framework programme . cifra
but it does appear to be true , and in that sense the report from belga was correct , that a covering letter exists which mentions a possible salary figure of between ecu 9 , 000 and 12 , 000 . 000
so this figure appears in a covering letter which was apparently leaked . cifre
the figures which mrs aelvoet is quoting are certainly not a proposal for a salary and she is absolutely wrong to insinuate that somebody in this house is putting them forward on that basis . NULL
a certain number of cases of this kind are thus to be expected , although i cannot give you an exact figure . cifra
figures published from the central statistics office have reinforced the arguments that i am making today as these figures clearly demonstrate that the average standard of living in the border county region and the west of ireland is below 75 % of the eu average . dati
we therefore consider it of fundamental importance that some alternatives should be presented that would give the report on the chapter on economic and social cohesion in agenda 2000 the consistency required by some of its proposals in favour of cohesion , which , without the necessary clarification and financial framework , are at risk of becoming mere figures of speech . figure
moreover , mrs schroedter is unfortunately one of those parliamentarians who consider the financial proposals of agenda 2000 unrealistic and would like to go beyond the stated figures of 1.27 % and 0.46 % of gnp . cifre
further , the proposal fails to set a concrete figure for the number of vehicles an individual is permitted to bring in . precisione
it will only be possible in practice to achieve the reduction in co2 emissions fixed at the rio summit , and to comply with the obligations we assumed at kyoto , if every member state operates a rational energy management scheme and encourages the production of renewable energy , which in the european union represents only 1.3 % of the total energy produced ( 5.3 % if we add hydro-electric power ) with figures of 6 % and 15.7 % ( with hydro-electric power ) respectively for portugal . dati
this figure is simply too low and substantial investment will be needed if wholesale expansion in this sector is to occur . percentuale
yet , in the case of the north sea , which is subject to extreme environmental and ecological pressure , the figure is up to 60 % . percentuale
given that employment is the focus of all of the union 's policies , these figures are significant ; they are even more so if we add the fact that those jobs are located in peripheral coastal regions where there are few alternatives to fisheries activities . dati
shipowners are currently paying tuna 40 lira a kilo : a ridiculous figure . cifra
commissioner , it is perfectly possible to increase the maximum guaranteed quantity with a very limited budgetary effort ; it is perfectly possible too , where appropriate , to bring national quotas into line with actual production in the member states , and the commission knows that the figures on which it based its proposal are inaccurate and obsolete . cifre
the maximum guaranteed quantity is increased for figures representing consumption and exports and its national allocation is provided for on the basis of reliable and verifiable data . qmg
in view of the proposals relating to the authorization of admission for relatives , the bundesrat says quite simply that the current figure of 200 000 immigrants per year would easily double according to existing proposals . cifra
this low figure assumes even starker significance when one considers that almost 99 % of european businesses are smes and that 52 % of jobs are still to be found in this sector . numero
i must say that since this communication was adopted on 9 september 1997 there has been a swift and unprecedented move to set up new eeigs : the number has risen rapidly from 800 ( the figure at that time ) to 966 within in a short space of time . numero
i am inclined to quote a well-known portuguese figure , not even a member of my party , who used to say ' let europeans marry one other , let them meet one another , don 't run too far ahead of europeans ' . personaggio
my first argument is that it is an arbitrary figure . arbitrario
mr president , i am interested simply in an additional aspect of this question . are you in fact aware that margins should be taken into account in this respect in order to ensure that the figure of 1.27 % is not completely exhausted ? percentuale
and i refer here to products manufactured under frequently deplorable social and environmental conditions which , in the absence of compensatory taxation , is slashing prices in europe and nudging unemployment figures upwards . compensatorio
we also wonder why we agreed on a zero rate for consumption taxes , which is basically only a zero figure . tassa
after all , if we say zero rate , and the member states can do with it what they wish , then it is more than a zero figure , it is a joke figure ! penoso
mr president-in-office , there is too much rhetoric here , but the figures on unemployment in europe show that europe is on the wrong road , with a welfare state that is too cumbersome , too rigid , too excessive and unjust ; one that takes resources away from investments . cifre
it involves selecting major pro-european political figures as candidates for the european parliament , with real input and influence in the political systems from which they come . inserite
we are not yet there , but everyone knows that there are many practical problems to be resolved : the drawing up of lists ; the overall balance of members between states ; the choice of personalities of a european stature who could acceptably figure on a transnational list rather than a national list , and so on . figurare
it is an own-initiative report founded on a legal basis which figures in a treaty which has not been ratified by member states and which is therefore not in force . contenuta
the final objectives expressed in figures , such as the inflation rate and money supply , will constitute factors of stability and growth and will also show european citizens that if today we are working so intensely on the single currency , it is in order to better achieve the other community objectives sooner , beginning with employment . cifre
in general , although the figures are not references , the system is such that the salary of a member of the executive board of the ecb is about 10 % higher than the highest director-general 's salary at the european commission . cifre
let me stress this again : the commission is involved and will be presenting this document to us . the latter will of course contain certain facts and figures . cifre
our foreign minister did address the subject of the job creation programme , which will no doubt figure among the top priorities of the austrian presidency . rientra
however , this directive will only take fully into account the claims to which these victims are entitled if , in our opinion , the proposed minimum figures contained in the second motor insurance directive are adapted . importi
together with the figure of the ombudsman , instituted by the treaty , the right of petition , also sanctioned by the treaty , is part of the logic to make up the democratic deficit that is still penalizing the community 's citizens . NULL
there are many interesting figures in the annual report , but i will take a moment to reflect on only two of them . NULL
the sudden death of the former president and opposition leader , mr abiola , which occurred on the eve of his release , has on the other dealt a great blow to a possible democratic process , because it has meant the disappearance from the scene of a key figure who enjoyed tremendous popular favour and support for the launch of a democratic transition . figura
on this point , i cannot but share the scepticism which the rapporteur has expressed regarding the image of the truth behind these figures . cifre
enough years have passed to allow us to consider whether it is fair that the authorized figure for overbooking of seats continues . numero
there is enough information to carry out a statistical study aimed at allowing us to lower the authorized figure and even bring it close to zero . numero
paragraph 7 of the motion for a resolution can give the impression that these guidelines are taken as very specific quantitative indicators , in other words , concrete figures and quotas . numeri
mr kinnock was talking about aircraft accidents just now but , as we all know , far more people die on our roads in car accidents and , of course , the material damage caused each day in our community amounts to truly astronomical figures . cifre
i would be interested to know whether this figure still stands . valida
due to the difficult social situation - according to official figures , unemployment affects around 30 % of the working population , and probably affects more in reality - efforts in this multiannual programme have been focused for the most part on this question of support for policies aimed at reducing unemployment . dati
according to available figures , malicious telephone calls are on the increase across europe . dati
mr president , we all agree with our colleague mr mohammed alí in that averroës is an important figure , just as the arabian montesquieu , ibn khaldun , was an important figure . khaldun
turkey was also invited to take part at the european conference on 12 march - confirmation that it would in future figure in the enlargement process . paese
these figures show that neither side can achieve a military victory in this conflict . cifre
mr president , mr bonde , i have just given you detailed figures that show that confidentiality is in fact being applied less and less . dettagliati
but by and large , i believe that these council figures - and i am only speaking for the council here - show that we are taking a quite different approach now from in the past . bilancio
the figures for austria alone , which i believe are similar to the european average , confirm the need for action . cifre
if we look for instance at the proportion of equity capital in small-scale trades and businesses - in smes in other words - we find figures of only around 10 % . valori
what particularly stands out here is that the smaller the size of the company , the worse the figures are . peggiora
the ppe group can accept the procedure provided for in article 9 for charging interest for late payment and it can accept the level of interest , but not the change to the ceiling that determines the scope of the simplified procedures for taking legal action for the settlement of debts , a figure which is vital for the way in which the member states organise these special procedures . massimale
if you add up the figures it mentions you can see that the number of jobs in europe is supposed to have increased by almost twelve million in just one year , which would mean that unemployment had fallen by 65 % ! cifre
i would therefore recommend that mr scarbonchi withdraw recital b. the figures he quotes from the 1996 and 1997 annual reports are based on different definitions of the size of smes . cifre
it is now september 1998 and we are discussing the 1997 annual report which contains figures mostly relating to the situation in 1996 . dati
this is very clearly visible from the difference in the figures for unemployment in the world 's two largest economic areas . tassi
though easdaq 's figures fall far short of those of nasdaq , the corresponding american market , it remains true that it represents a very important achievement , especially bearing in mind that it is still less than two years since easdaq opened , while if we look at the american experience we see that nasdaq took about five years to become established . dati
the latest eurostat figures show that unemployment affects women more , with an average throughout the european union of 12.3 % compared with 8.9 % for men . dati
there are countries in which that difference is even larger , for example in spain the corresponding figures are 27.8 % and 15 % , while the 1996 labour force survey showed that women account for 63.5 % of the officially unemployed population . percentuali
this is an extraordinary figure . percentuale
in sweden the figure is 11 % , which is only natural since swedish women are already in a better position . svedesi
during 1996 the domino theory , so popular with soviet-trained african dictators , affected 14 of the 53 african states , causing internal conflicts and the exodus of thousands of people : un figures speak of 8 million refugees . cifre
therefore , in its resolution , the committee requests that the commission provide more precise statistics on employment figures , which are broken down according to sex . dati
the marinucci report did not stipulate a percentage figure for the inclusion of women , but in accordance with the employment guidelines it is not just equal opportunities that need to be considered : specific emphasis is required for single parents . percentuale
i note from the figures that the cost per tonne seems to have gone down . cifre
as rapporteur on the budget for the environment committee i argued in favour of an extra ecu 2 million over and above the present figure of twelve million . importo
the commission could therefore not accept that method of calculating the cut-back of activity , and it consequently asked for the agreement to be kept on the basis of the real figures . dati
mr president , the results of a survey carried out by eurobarometer at the request of the commission contain some particularly useful facts and figures for everyone involved in the fight against sex tourism which victimises children . occupi
the figures - over 140 million passengers spread over 500 ferries - speak for themselves . numeri
estimates of the cost of developing satisfactory and modern transport networks in europe vary , but i should like to mention , by way of indication , that an estimate of the transport infrastructure needs in central europe has given a figure of ecu 100 billion by 2015 for the modernisation of 20 000 km of rail and road networks , to bring them up to the current specifications . conformandoli
three hundred and thirty million pounds of this figure related to the loss of eu receipts and the remainder covered the loss in indirect taxation such as customs and excise duties and vat within the national territories of the 15 eu member states . cifra
it is objective in that it is based on indisputable figures . cifre
this is , i feel , essential as i would like the inevitable discussion on this subject to be based on clear and objective figures . obiettive
in actual fact , for the first time in the community , we have a document on the table which gives detailed figures and makes it clear what is realistic in this debate and what is not . cifre
the report also takes the wind out of the sails of those who are shouting the loudest - i shall not take those from my own country , but those from the netherlands , who are shouting loudly with us - because if you adjust the figures to take account of the rotterdam effect , then the balance sheet for the netherlands as a net contributor looks quite different from that repeatedly claimed by the dutch government . gridano
in that respect too , these figures are very helpful . cifre
we cannot play a game of hide-and-seek where the figures are not all out . cifre
now we have released all the figures and also there is a separate annex on that explaining how difficult the question of defining different net positions is . cifre
we are also putting forward another proposal aimed at guaranteeing the european union 's right to the knowledge resulting from work carried out where the cost borne by the community is higher than 50 % , and not when it is below this figure . ammontare
by the year 2020 , the eu area 's dependence on oil importation will have increased to a figure of 90 % , and the figures for coal and gas will be 80 % and 70 % respectively . percento
if the figure i have estimated is correct , this programme constitutes 0.03 % of total investment in energy . cifra
one speaker mentioned a figure of 70 % dependence for energy as a whole : oil 90 % ; coal 80 % ; gas 40 % . dipendenza
compare the figures : in the united kingdom wage costs are 11 dollars an hour , in hungary three dollars an hour , in china 0.56 dollars an hour . confronto
are you aware , for example , that in belgium - just to take my own country as an example - the minister for employment and labour cites a figure of around 500 000 unemployed people for the entire country , which is gross misinformation , as the minister only takes into account those who are fully unemployed , who are on benefit and seeking employment ? inesatta
this would increase the published figure of 500 000 unemployed to 1 million . cifra
expenditure in 1997 was ecu 168 million out of a budget of ecu 41 billion , and in 1998 the figure is likely to be some ecu 330 million , which is an excellent achievement . aggirarsi
i do not think when you add up the figures here that you should look at the billions the community pays for field crops separately and pretend that it has nothing to do with pigmeat . compensativi
there is certainly room for improvement here , as regional products currently account for only a very small percentage of the market , some 8 % if the commission 's figures are correct . statistiche
we are also sceptical as regards the fixing of indicative percentage figures relating to the allocation of the volume of the programmes ' interventions between the different priorities , and as regards the extreme diversity of this objective , which might damage its coherence and effectiveness . percentuali
however , he finally accepts an overall figure - obviously carefully worked out for propaganda purposes since the statistics have no relevant meaning - , of 450 000 to 500 000 net jobs attributable to the objective 2 programmes . alla
for the sake of form , i will give you the figures : ecu 4.1 million for ariane and ecu 10.2 million for kaleidoscope . cifre
i wanted to say that , ladies and gentlemen , because the contribution to cultural and political heritage which these two figures have made is at one with the modest day-to-day work that we do here and personally , at least for me , that renews my faith in the future of the european union .  
the member states must be made to report correct figures to the commission , so that it can prepare overviews of how the nitrates directive is working in practice . requisito
those who have struggled hardest to respect the environment have been wiped out , both literally and figuratively speaking ; here one has only to look at the suicide rates among agricultural populations . figurato
the figure should in reality - as the rapporteur also pointed out - be down to 10 mg per litre , as recommended by the who , fao and greenpeace , since at this concentration drinking water would become safe for children . valore
i am aware that it is not enough simply to appoint a political figure , who must be a good coordinator but also a doer , as the high commissioner for common foreign and security policy . personaggio
for example , referring to the figures quoted by mr katiforis , whereas it might be entirely inconsistent with the principles of sound economic policy management to think of using for domestic purposes any excess reserves of the european central banks which might be generated once the euro is introduced , it would seem quite reasonable to devote part of these sums to extraordinary financial support for latin america , by agreement with the other international institutions , with a view to avoiding a situation where - as has already been underlined - those countries ' problems could soon become NULL
we should mention in passing that there are no accurate scientifically proven figures - opinions vary from 2 to 20 mg per m3 . oscillano
in the light of these figures , what conclusions can be drawn ? cifre
the mere mention of figures , of the thousands who disappeared , fails perhaps to convey the true human dimension of the tragedy that the pinochet dictatorship inflicted on chile . cifre
the acceptance rate in germany stands at 30 % , while the figure for france is 17 % . percentuale
it seems to me that the political assessment of these measures we are discussing here is often dependent on this figure of 50 % , and we should agree here on a lower national and regional cofinancing rate , so that the programmes will actually be accepted . dipenda
the aim of the voluntary agreement with the european umbrella organisation of car manufacturers on the introduction of the ' 6-litre ' car by the year 2008 is to contribute about 15 % to that european union target figure . litri
this statement by the great european political figure jean monnet clearly illustrates the importance of culture in the european integration process . jean
if we look at the figures , we see that two thirds of the monies under the whole programme are going directly or indirectly into the european voluntary service . calcolo
instead of the 2 % of students currently taking part in erasmus , we feel the figure should be nearer 10 % . percentuale
if we want this programme to be accessible to a maximum number of young people and adults wishing to undergo initial or continuing training , it is a minimal figure , given that the programme will be accessible to the citizens of a total of 29 countries . importo
it would appear today - and this has already been said - that the loss to the community budget is significantly greater than had been originally assumed : a figure of almost ecu 10 million is mentioned . importo
to put it figuratively , we need to create the software to be used with the hardware of law enforcement . hardware
the figure - known as the ' liikanen facility ' after my neighbour here , commissioner liikanen - is 2 % for phare , 3.5 % for tacis and 3 % for med . percentuale
our initial inquiries have shown that these figures were exceeded by more than twice as much . percentuali
i know that there are all kinds of constitutional problems - sensitivity , national pride , and what have you - but if the figures he indicates even approximate reality , it is intolerable that the community is still a lame duck as far as the member states are concerned . cifre
well , all i would say - and i hope you will agree , because your neighbour can certainly pass you the latest figures - is that we are not talking here about echo submarines ; what we , and perhaps the court too , should be considering is an entire fleet of u-boats . dati
but when we look at the very valuable analysis that has been done on vat collection in the member states , we see this alarming figure of a gap between the theoretical vat yield and the actual collection running at ecu 70 000m a year . cifra
the gaps between them provide this figure of about 70 billion lost to the member states in a year , 35 to 40 times the amount which is actually defrauded from the ec budget . cifra
this figure of 70 billion refers to the model calculations based on nine member states and is the annual average over four years . stime
we calculated it by adding up the vat actually paid and comparing this figure with the sum of the member states ' total gross national product . importo
mr van velzen , in particular , in the explanatory statement accompanying the motion for a resolution , has got close to and dealt well with this finer point of detail . in other words , we must make sure that we refer to the quality of employment , without calling into question the seriousness of the unemployment figures and the alarm that this causes . trascurandone
on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , i would make the point that 59 % of eu investment goes to the usa , and the figure in the other direction is 44 % , so to both parties that is very important in terms of jobs . percento
mr president , mr hatzidakis , i do not have any figures from other member states , but of course you know that for years we have been busy hurrying along improvements to the tendering procedures for public procurement . and you also know that the reform of public procurement has necessitated legislative changes that must now also be brought through parliament by a democratic procedure . cifre
firstly , i would like you to tell me this , please : you have already said that when new figures emerge clearly from the agreement signed between the greek state and the contractor , we will be able to make an approach to the commission with those new figures . emergessero
commissioner , you said that you have shelved the matter until you receive new figures , but that at the same time you have told the greek authorities that in future they should handle things differently from the way in which they dealt with the thessaloniki metro contract . elementi
and yet we have watched since 1979 , when mrs thatcher removed exchange controls in the united kingdom , an investment drain and a portfolio investment drain from the united kingdom to other parts of the world : from 6 % to 31 % out of the eec , which the commission now admits is the actual figure . stime
whatever the figures might suggest , common sense allows us to realise that increasing the size of the eu from 15 member states to 20 , 25 and then 30 , with the same resources and unchanged rules , will inevitably result in a weaker europe . NULL
much has already been said in relation to enlargement about time scales , dates and annual figures . dati
the fund needs to be supplemented , but it now fortunately appears that we need less than we originally thought and that we can reduce the figure from 10 % to 8 % , which is good news . quota
lastly , the plea for a reduction in working time is rather feeble as the objectives do not provide figures or dates and the 35 hour week is never clearly stated . tiepidi
although the latest figures published by eurostat on the subject of unemployment within the union are encouraging , they do not mask the widespread and lasting nature of this problem . cifre
in spain the figure is 152 000 . in ireland , in the current promotion period alone , ecu 380 million has been deployed for education under the social fund . 000
the 15 % figure reflects the level of european experience . percento
if it is established , the performance reserve - at least as it is in the commission 's current proposal , with a figure of 10 % - will in practice be a political instrument that is unnecessary and even counterproductive .  
i would love to know , in figures , just how much has been spent on female entrepreneurship , social infrastructure , reconciling job and family , and support for women in rural areas . ammontino
could you confirm whether it is true that eurostat will be producing new figures in the next couple of days providing the economic indicators for 1996-1997 ? dati
i welcome this increase in funding , but it should be noted that the period from 2000 to 2006 is longer than the previous period , that figures must be compared in real terms and not in current terms , and that investments in the union 's infrastructures have fallen from 1.5 % to 0.9 % of the gdp in recent years . cifre
i therefore think that the figure is as relatively poor as that put forward in the council regulation that we are now amending and for which i was rapporteur . cifra
i am particularly pleased that the release of the latest eurostat figures indicates that four uk regions are on track to gain objective 1 status . dati
although negotiations still have to be held and decisions taken next year the figures will form the basis of those negotiations . cifre
the figure of 1.27 % cannot , however , be a definitive standard . tasso
the inadequacy of the amounts provided so far to close the gap between the less and more developed regions is evident , given that the desired result of real convergence is not only failing to be achieved , but even greater discrepancies are appearing , as confirmed for example by figures relating to my own country , greece . informative
in france , 9.7 million people lived in areas covered by structural fund activities ; in the future , that figure will be reduced to 7.1 million . raggiungevano
the figures from eurostat show that the transport sector has now overtaken industry as the largest single source of pollution in the eu . dati
here too , eurostat 's figures show that the difference between the richest and poorest regions in the eu is still as great as ever - in terms of prosperity , unemployment and so on - despite the fact that this programme has now been in existence for a number of years . dati
linked to the ocalan case is the problem of pressure , threats and acts of terrorism perpetrated or merely threatened by well-organised ethnic and religious groups which have a huge following in europe , as reported by no less a figure than a leading german left-wing intellectual , peter schneider , who states : ' it is clear that turkey is striving to manoeuvre the turkish minority in germany , like a sort of fifth column . schneider
mr president , although there are no leading figures from the presidency here present , i would still like to pay tribute to the work which the austrian presidency has carried out to date . rappresentanti
the other disadvantage of the linkage proposal is that it does not name any figure . compenso
a figure can be put on the amount - it is not true that this will not be specified - once the house has voted . non
the imf has no early knowledge of a number of figures , because the figures are unreliable and because it is clear that different countries apply different standards of measurement . dati
for the first time , we have been inundated by special reports from the court of auditors denouncing malpractices and irregularities in the commission 's administration , and giving the figures . documentavano
the division of the financial framework into maximum expenditure figures for the various categories has helped the budget to achieve controlled and balanced development . massimali
budget discipline requires these maximum figures to be strictly adhered to . massimali
admittedly , i cannot expect you to give specific figures , but i would like to have a general idea . dati
i will be glad to submit the figures for the honourable member to look at . statistiche
figures published by the customs authorities in andorra show that 3.1 billion cigarettes were imported into that country from the eu in 1997 . dati
on the basis of those figures , every man , woman and child in andorra smokes 140 cigarettes per day . cifre
whereas we used to deport 30 000 people a year , now we are approaching a figure of 200 000 . numero
at the moment , 18 % of supply comes from private generators , that is , autoproducers , so mr pérez royo 's figures are somewhat out of date . cogeneratori
i would like to read out the figures on the humanitarian aid that has already been provided for the sahrawi refugees , because that needs saying too : on 1 march 1998 , echo released another ecu 7.2 million , and on 2 october of the same year ecu 10 million . cifra
you have rightly given figures for all the european citizens who are in some way affected by the problem because they are related to prison inmates . cifre
if i am not mistaken , there are new members in the ranks of the socialist group who have not been announced - strange figures in white . figure
according to the latest figures presented at the internal market council on 7 december , today only 13 % of the directives are not in force throughout the union , and that must be compared with the much higher proportion of 35 % we had only a year and a half ago , in june 1997 . NULL
i must say that i support jacques delors ' proposal , which is backed by some very important figures on the political scene , to organise the european election campaign around not just a political programme but also the choice of commission president , with the european political parties having to publicly present their candidate for this post to the electorate .  
the commission is currently considering what action it might take in connection with the hanover international exhibition . as things stand at the moment , we believe that a figure in the region of eur 7 million - perhaps eur 6 m , eur 7 m or eur 7.5 m - might be allocated to it . importo
finally , mr president , i would like to take the opportunity here in parliament today to make a solemn appeal to all the international institutions , to the world 's most noteworthy figures in the political , philosophical , religious and cultural spheres , to take a joint decision to finally launch a merciless fight to eliminate forced child labour from the world once and for all in the first decade of the 21st century .  
growth rates in double figures have been recorded , and many ports have at last become more business-oriented , organising themselves in a more up-to-date , competitive fashion . cifre
in terms of figures , this means that the eu 's ports handle over 90 % of community trade with third countries and that 30 % of intra-eu traffic is handled by the port sector . cifre
i know , for instance , there is a particular difficulty with the french monitoring equipment for producing this ten-minute averaging figure but , nevertheless , this information is essential for the mid-term review . grosse
we agree that the compulsory set-aside should be maintained and in this i agree with the opinion of mr mulder who suggests a figure of between 0 % and 17 % . quota
i invite you to go and see the president of the european court of auditors ; he can show you the figures . cifre
that is a figure that messrs blair and schröder were contemplating during the vienna summit . ipotizzata
in december alone online spending in the united states grew by 230 % , the sort of figure that many firms in europe can only dream about . percentuale
the sector already provides over a million jobs , and that figure is constantly increasing . dati
it has refused to allow the commission to be monitored , and has used a lack of transparency as a deliberate strategy for achieving integration , and through its central figures has moved around considerable sums of money . funzionari
the commission must have at its head a strong political figure .  
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , over the last few days , and again today , there has been an enormous amount of tactical manoeuvring which has dominated the behaviour of the leading political figures in parliament . personaggi
i want to see this figure increase and internet access broadened to as wide a cross-section of society as possible . cifra
let me mention just three statistics : 30 % of all parental leave in sweden is taken by fathers , in germany the figure is 3 % , and when the data were collected in greece , only three men - yes , three men - were on parental leave . dato
here are a few figures : in a week chosen at random , the french weekly ' le point ' counted 670 murders , 15 rapes , 848 fights , 419 shootings , 14 abductions , 32 hostage situations and 27 scenes of torture . cifre
no other market , not even the american market , has had to cope with such a substantial rise in imports both in terms of absolute figures and percentages . cifre
and those of us who live in regions such as asturias are concerned . asturias has already lost more than 6 000 direct jobs in the steel industry , not to mention the indirect job losses that can also be added to this figure . sommare
today this figure is 5 % . percentuale
as a result of this reform and due to ageing in the sector , this figure will fall to between 2.5 % and 3 % by 2006 . registra
part of the reason for this is that we take a decision just once every six or seven years on which regions qualify for aid , and we do that on the basis of figures which are already a few years old . dati
we also believe that regulations should not include specific budget figures in order not to prejudge the annual budgetary discussions as agreed in the joint declaration of 1982 . cifre
the quality of services has to be improved , employment figures have to rise , and environmental questions have to be tackled . potenziare
rather , this figure proves that the european consumer is not sufficiently aware of animal welfare issues , or of questions of product quality . dato
i wonder if we should not consider something like this in the european union , especially given that member states do not always report their figures , data and reductions to the commission on time , so that the commission 's reports to the parliament are delayed and it is not clear why this is happening . cifre
the average cost of eur 700 per tonne of pollution reduction will be far outweighed by the benefits , in particular to public health , which are put - and we have figures for that too - at about eur 4 000 per tonne . dati
these figures for costs and effects say something about how important this proposal is . cifre
we meps have therefore altered this grace period to two years and set the figure to be attained at 25 % . grazia
only 8 % of all municipal waste in ireland is recycled and this figure is simply too low . cifra
if it is not accurate , what are the true figures that should be passed on to the taxpayers in the various member states ? cifre
for this reason the green group have made a proposal for this annual index figure to read 4 % above inflation . tasso
the figures agreed will permit ireland to increase emissions only by 13 per cent relative to 1990 figures . dati
fortunately , today we know that in 1998 the figures balanced and you agreed to compromise . annata
the figures speak for themselves . illustra
we therefore disagree with the rapporteur , who has just told us that he would be voting for the 20 % figure . percento
similarly , with other species of white fish , the overall figure was 58.8 % of the total allowable catch of irish fishermen destroyed by seals one way or another . foche
we are concerned because , although a large proportion of israeli research is dedicated to the civilian sector , another part of it - for which we do not have exact figures - involves the military sector . esattezza
this is why we are in favour of replacing the word ' substantial ' by at least 90 % , not because we want to have a precise figure , but because we simply want to make it clear that the processing costs are to be shared among all vessels , irrespective of whether or not they use the reception facilities . cifra
instead of this we would prefer to use a figure which the commission itself suggested in earlier regulations , so that 25 % of all vessels must be inspected . percentuale
this figure is already included in a number of regulations . resto
that , commissioner , should not be a problem either , since we have the same figure of 25 % in the port state control directive . quota
turning to the situation in colombia , preliminary official figures show that the number of dead has risen to over 900 , of whom 582 are in the department of quindio and the number of injured to approximately 3 400 , and 200 000 persons are homeless . dati
the rapporteur - whom i compliment on the work he has done - mentioned an average recovery figure of 3-5 % , which verges on the ridiculous . 5
this figure is bound to worry people who are talking , with increasing conviction , of common fiscal systems , community contributions policy , and intra-community vat and excise regimes . dato
this gives rise to idiotic figures of 48 hours ' consecutive driving time , which does not happen and is impossible . cifre
when we consider that the eu will , in all likelihood , enlarge in the next seven years , eur 2500 million would seem to be the right figure . somma
i very much hope we will support this figure of eur 2.5 billion . stanziamento
applying the same priorities to a seven-year period , as specified in the common position , and taking into account the average growth rate , the commission would have proposed a figure in the order of eur 2 151 m . 151
however , in order to achieve a common position at first reading , the commission was forced to adopt the figure of eur 1 550 m which was approved by a qualified majority . 550
in any case , several studies show the worrying increase in imbalances between the regions , while the figures for gross domestic product per inhabitant in the member states of the eu continue to show a residual convergence . abitante
specific identification systems were introduced in the form of figures and abbreviations , applicable to plastics , paper , cardboard , metal , wood , textiles , glass and composites . numeri
whereas in 1996 the member states had transposed 74 % of the directives on health and safety at work into their national legislation , that figure has now risen to 95 % . percentuale
but the figures tell us that one woman in five has at some point been the victim of violence . cifre
at first glance this figure seems fine , but if we take a closer look we see that women account for 80 % of category c staff employed in the lower echelons , 40 % of category b staff but only 20 % of category a , where staff hold senior positions , and 0 % of directors-general ! sembrare
in its communication on women in science and technology , the commission has established that the under-represented sex should account for at least 40 % of those working in these fields . the same figure also applies to the proposals concerning advisory committees , evaluation groups and , more importantly , decision-making bodies in the fields of research and technology . sottorappresentato
that is the figure of our exports to south africa which accounts for 7 % of their consumption . 7
the eight amendments we have before us , and which the commission accepts , reintroduce the panel of leading independent figures back into the body of the text along with criteria that allow us to ensure the cultural quality and european dimension of the city 's programme .  
i would add that the commission is keen to ensure that the issue of financing the union does not get reduced to pushing figures around on paper . astrusi
the berlin council , and then that of cologne , needs not only to produce agreements on figures and sums , but to focus on what is important and give centrestage to the issue of job creation - as called for by the socialist group . numeri
the figure of 0.46 % of gnp for the structural fund should be seen as a target but not a ceiling . aliquota
if we take a look at the figures and the proposals on structural and agricultural reform , we are faced with the same dilemma . cifre
the prospects of doing so are good , now that some key benchmark figures have already been agreed . spinosi
i would even go so far as to say that it is progressive since it presents figures and puts forward arguments relating to the political failings and how the situation of the palestinians has deteriorated since the beginning of the peace process . cifre
a comparison shows , however , that the figures for eu member states , averaging 0.33 % of gnp , are much higher than the average figures for the dac donor countries as a whole , where the corresponding figure is 0.22 % of gnp , whereas the contribution of such an important donor country as the usa is less than 0.09 % of gnp . corrispondenti
and yet i feel powerless when i look at the figures , which almost drive you to despair . cifre
the figures deriving from the first partial returns from the banking associations indicate that charges for exchanging banknotes have decreased in many cases by anything from 15 % to over 40 % depending on the amount and the currency being exchanged . NULL
i say ' an improved attempt ' because i see the report itself as being unimaginative - unimaginative in terms of how we can improve on projected growth figures ; unimaginative in terms of recognising that we are constantly having to revise the growth figures and we do not really know what to do in terms of trying to increase employment , growth and investment in europe ; unimaginative because , whilst it accepts that we have relatively high unemployment in europe , it does little other than to accept the fact that jobs are being created but are also dati
stability and growth pacts are important but public investment should not be included in those figures . cifre
we can debate whether or not this represents the build-up to a recession or if it is simply a slowing down of the economy , but the figures are certainly worrying . dati
the official inflation figure has fallen below 1 % , which means that the real inflation figure , allowing for miscalculations , must be almost zero . sceso
i have the latest figures here , which show that in 1994 , as i said , the unemployment rate was over 11 % , in january 1998 , it was 10 % , and in january 1999 , it was 9.6 % . dati
at the start of the decade it stood at 3 % of gdp and it now stands at 2.1 % of gdp , which is unfortunate , even if the figures show that the situation varies from country to country . numeri
mr herman , you quoted the figure of 90 % for structural unemployment , which is perhaps too high . herman
indonesia 's complexity and the clashes and explosions - both literal and figurative - in the moluccas and on the island of ambon in particular have all shown how difficult things are likely to become if we allow the last pillar of strength that we have at the moment , president habibie , to fall . figurate
however , the figures reveal a population of 970 million , compared with 350 million in 1947 , and the world bank estimates the number of indians will reach 1.3 billion by 2025 , thus exceeding the population of china . dati
education for girls is of crucial importance since the figures show that educated women are at less risk from maternal and infant mortality . dimostrano
if we had figures available we would see what the ratio was . cifre
the new president must be a strong european figure with vision and managerial qualities , so that reforms can be carried out in what remains of 1999 . figura
clearly we were going ask for meetings with the leading figures , and we got them .  
i certainly believe it to be essential that we keep in touch with the aid agencies on the ground , because i do not think that even this project can come anywhere near providing the volume of aid that is needed - and mr ford has given us some figures . dati
and yet the figures speak for themselves : two to three million people have died over the last four years . cifre
nevertheless , the guidelines are not usually concerned primarily with figures but rather with setting the priorities of the house with regard to the budget . cifre
between 500 and 600 farmers are leaving farming every day , with this figure reaching over 3 000 per week in certain areas . 3000
according to the figures i have available , total imports for 1998 total approximately 50 000 tonnes , though average imports for the european union in the period 1990-1997 were only of the order of 40 000 tonnes . dati
this is why we support the rapporteur 's proposal to increase this figure to eur 50 million between now and 2003 . importo
we particularly regret one of them : it is absurd enough as it is to bring company size into play where obligations to provide information are concerned , and then on top of that , 50 is far too high a figure . limite
we have therefore given parliament another opportunity to go further and have tabled an amendment proposing 20 as the threshold , well aware that actually this figure is absurd as well . numero
in my view , 50 employees is far too high a figure - even 20 is too high . soglia
the figure of 48 hours proposed as the maximum working week is more than what was specified in regulation 3820 / 85 establishing the organisation of road transport . va
yet it is clear that this figure of 46 hours is well in excess of the target of 35 hours and is by no means a massive reduction in working time , which seems to be one of the main areas of progress to be prepared and achieved in this century ; this will also leave gaps in terms of public safety . 46
there are of course other countries whose forests are relatively unaffected , for example spain , where the corresponding figure is only 1 % . manto
these figures show that emissions from large combustion plants create a problem which should be a priority for common , supranational regulation . NULL
i have to repudiate the caricature which mr linkohr made of my proposal concerning nox , on the basis of solid information which he too might perhaps obtain from rwe in germany , because rwe checked my nox figures and what i wrote down are figures ... cifre
if we prescribe figures here , then we must also prescribe how we measure , when we measure and where we measure . misurarli
after initially grave reservations , the eco-audit has now become a real hit with industry in those areas where it is used , and i can say on behalf of germany that the figures speak for themselves : in absolute terms , germany has the highest number of participating companies , even if it is only 1 % of all companies . dati
denmark and sweden are next , with considerably lower figures . distacco
it is very important to me and to my group that this programme should not merely produce figures that are put to one side and forgotten , as it is all very well to collate data at european level but none of this is of any use if we do not take concrete action . dati
the leading figures round milosevic and milosevic himself must also be brought before the hague tribunal . responsabili
we should also be capable of listening to the voices that are being raised , from the christian democrat vice-president of the parliamentary assembly of the osce to monsignor botazzi , from helmut schmidt to mario soares , from top political leaders in sweden , austria , germany , italy and france , to many figures from european progressive movements , calling for the bombing to be stopped and for a full-scale political battle to be undertaken in order to achieve a fair and lasting peace at the heart of our continent . figure
in the light of new and disturbing figures in some member states , we could almost regard this as a never-ending story . NULL
the figures for the republic of cyprus are 50 % higher than the economic and financial indicators for northern cyprus . finanziari
under the phare twinnings programme we expect around 100 experts from the current eu member states to be in place in these applicant countries by the end of the year , and as far as we are concerned this figure of 100 needs to be doubled in the year 2000 . numero
these figures indicate that petitions play an important role in the detection and handling of infringement cases . cifre
the european commission has about 120 - one thousandth of that figure - which once again shows how ludicrous it is to claim that we are working with an over-centralised bureaucracy in brussels . cifra
during the discussions , the recurring question was whether the member states even merit the 10 % they retain for administrative expenditure , in other words whether the figure of 10 % is at all justifiable . percentuale
the figures are revealing . cifre
the white paper is talking facts when it says that external costs throughout the eu are assessed by the commission at an annual figure of eur 250 billion . stime
i listened carefully to what you said , mrs van lancker , and looking at the figures , i see that employment is set to increase by 0.8 % in 1999 and by 0.8 % in the year 2000 . cifre
we understand their disappointment , but we say that half a loaf is better than no bread , and if we cannot convince people with arguments then we will do it with figures , which this experiment will undoubtedly supply . dati
they agreed on a figure who meets the requirements of this difficult office as almost no other could .  
according to unhcr figures , a total of 670 000 displaced persons from kosovo are now in the countries bordering on it ; of these approximately 400 000 are now in albania , 200 000 in macedonia , and approximately 60 000 in montenegro . dati
that figure of 600 000 is twice the number of people that we in our wealthy countries consider each year for asylum , because asylum seekers number only 300 000 or so a year . doppio
we take the view that the high representative must be a figure of substance , not a creature of council in-fighting . figura
thirdly , it rigidly determines a range of figures , rejecting a system of equal , flexible and evolving parameters , thereby penalising future members of this house in particular . cifre
so that figure can be somewhat misleading . cifra
these two figures represented us with credibility and force before the council .  
when you discuss the institutional reforms do remember that it is not just a question of figures but also of ensuring that the matter of parliament 's lack of power in relation to cooperation with the council and the commission - here i am addressing the inadequate codecision procedures - really is included in the agenda of this conference . numeri
the commission must also resist the destructive urge to try to represent the main political trend in the european parliament , even though some prominent figures may promote it .  
parliament had made proposals that were more distinct ; the commission checked the figures and decided they could ensure that the premiums were distributed sensibly . differenziate
we also decided in december that we wanted to withdraw the so-called ' strategic amendments ' to the 1999 budget , and just before the berlin european council , our chairman , mr samland , sent a letter to the 15 finance ministers informing them of the figures the european parliament considered to be the absolute minimum requirements , the so-called ' minima minimorum ' . cifre
we did not touch the figures for categories 1 and 2 as we took over those from the committees responsible for the relevant legislation . cifre
between the 1.27 % - which we criticised in december 1997 - and the 0.97 % agreed in berlin , there was enough room for manoeuvre to reach an agreement which would have been rigorous yet better for europe . i am prepared to accept a figure of 1.13 % if we add enlargement , although who knows when enlargement will take place . austero
the figure in the first reading , which the house voted yesterday , was eur 5.5 billion . cifra
following dresden , berlin and intensive negotiations i am recommending that the figure be eur 4.6 billion . importo
it was up to the council to agree our figure or start the whole process of codecision once again . dipendeva
it offers us a move from that mythical figure of 1.27 % - which was so difficult to get past - to 0.97 % . cifra
the report on the union 's northern dimension states that the issue of the northern dimension must figure in all decision-making connected with the union 's internal development , in accordance with the resolutions of the vienna european council . settentrionale
mr president , in two years of negotiation for seven years of european regional aid , of course there are areas where we would have wished to go further : clearer commitments , the partnership by local and regional authorities , even further guarantees that payments will be made on time to those delivering projects , a specific figure for social risk capital for the smaller voluntary organisations to benefit . cifra
these visions are expected to become reality in two to three years ' time , which , if the figures can be believed , would mean that by the year 2001 some 110 million pcs will be used for electronic commerce , generating a trading volume of 200 billion dollars - an enormous sum . cifra
it may also seem strange that during the negotiations objective 2 , which is dedicated to industrial and rural regions undergoing economic restructuring , should have been sacrificed , to the benefit of objectives 1 and 3 : its budgetary envelope will be ecu 22.5 billion for the 1999-2006 period , which is more or less the same figure as for the 1994-1999 period . cifra
for me too , european integration came to figure as the key to overcoming hatred and building a new and better order for a healed and whole europe . nuovo
as for djibouti , the commission is aware that some political figures are being held in the gabode prison and fully shares your concerns over the fate of these political prisoners .  
the european commission will then base its definitive aid programme on these figures .  
i would ask the person responsible for the 2000 budget to bear in mind the needs of the committee of the regions and consider whether this post can figure amongst posts included in the 2000 budget for that committee . rientrare
we wish to meet each other in full view and not as shadowy figures . oscure
as far as policy in africa is concerned , the figures speak for themselves . cifre
the figures which a number of people have quoted , tell their own story . cifre
i think these figures are hugely important . cifre
it will be impossible to reach the target to double this figure with the current way of thinking , which would have us believe that oil and gas will last for ever , and if they do not , coal is cheap in any case . quota
i can say the same for amendment no 10 , which proposes an increase in the budgetary item which restores the commission ' s initial figures . importi
in my view we should not be setting unreasonable figures but rather discussing achievable and ambitious objectives , because the objective is 1 % per year , which will add up and eventually lead to considerable savings . cifre
yesterday evening in tampere i met mr partas , the greek secretary of state for regional policy , in order to ask him to provide us as quickly as possible - and i know that it is difficult - with an assessment and the most accurate figures possible so that we can commit the appropriations which are available to us . cifre
this figure , which includes 350,000 refugees from croatia and bosnia-herzegovina , 120,000 internally displaced serbs and gypsies from kosovo and 300,000 socially vulnerable people , has been calculated by the world food programme ' s and unhcr ' s joint assessment team for emergency food aid which visited the federal republic of yugoslavia in july of this year . cifra
we do not have to resort to the figures on commercial exchange , investment and cooperation in development to see how important a role the european union plays in the region , but the european union ' s proven economic solidarity must be valued as highly as its ability to contribute efficiently to a peaceful solution to the conflict . cifre
could you give us written documents containing figures , sources and dates ? cifre
i think it would be unfortunate to land ourselves today with percentage figures concerning the extent to which a particular environmental measure is to be employed . percentuali
the figures agreed will permit ireland only to increase emissions by 13 % relative to 1990 figures . cifre
for this reason , we fully endorse this directive , and we would also be pleased , of course , if , all in all , more could be done in the european parliament with regard to road safety so that it is more consistent between member states , because the accident figures clearly show that young people are the ones most affected in this area . statistiche
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the budget is the political programme cast in figures ; this is the short-and-sweet summary normally used to explain the budget plan . cifre
i have given these aggregate figures for four reasons . cifre
firstly : for all three sets of figures in question , i.e. those of the commission in its preliminary draft , of the council and of parliament , the expenditure to be appropriated for the year 2000 in fact exceeds the totals for this year . i
secondly : in all three sets of figures some of the appropriations for commitments which may be newly entered into are , conversely , far below the corresponding amounts for this year even though , for example , the appropriations for pre-accession aid , i.e. in the case of the funds which are being allocated to the applicant countries , show a large increase . NULL
thirdly : the aggregate figures also show , however , that ideas on budgetary appropriations , in particular those of the council and parliament , are still far removed from one another and , consequently , intensive debates lie before us in the coming weeks . NULL
fourthly : the aggregate figures are , of course , also an indication of the work which has been carried out by the committees , in particular by the rapporteurs , and , on behalf of the commission , i would therefore like to thank mr virrankoski for his report on the individual plans of parliament , the council , the court of justice , the court of auditors , the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions , mr pittella for his report on the operating budget of the european coal and steel community and particularly NULL
culture has not come out of the budget process as well as it wished , but we are doing rather better than the council of ministers ' proposal and have figures close to the 1999 level . cifre
but we have to ask ourselves , are the figures now so low as to make the objectives unrealistic ? cifre
i am very grateful to commissioner schreyer that she opposed the figures . cifre
i am thinking , for example , of those areas where there was underspending in 1999 and of the possibility of making cutbacks in programmes with low expenditure figures such as meda . tassi
but , in the committee on budgets , we have also , through a conference among other things , received information to make us question whether that figure has not been set rather too high for the year 2000 and whether we might not be concerned here with a more long-term commitment . importo
it has to be clearly pointed out that the figures presented by the committee on budgets do not constitute a stand on the result of conciliations . somme
that is why the commission is proposing that we should first review the financial perspective for the year 2000 and only then , once definite figures are available , should we talk about how the necessary funds for the ensuing years are to be made available . stime
on the other hand , though , i think that we should continue to stand by the figure that the eu has in fact quoted in the political sphere - it has said that it will make eur 500 million available for the year 2000 - so as to avoid giving the impression that the eu is backing out of its political responsibilities . cifra
this was also evident from the figures . cifre
on the eve of the opening of the wto negotiations , we must remind everyone that any business strategy , including that of multinationals , must take the human figures into account , in the same way as the economic and financial figures , so that millions of european employees may keep their jobs and their dignity . dati
actually , it is more serious than that because it requires a two-thirds vote in the senate to ratify a treaty , so we are still almost 20 votes short of that ratification figure . senato
the figures calculated for conciliation will make this possible , as we know , moreover , that this conciliation will be conducted in parallel with the conciliation relating to the youth programme , although it will be completely autonomous in relation to this programme . date
the european union should not just be a question of figures and statistics , for example . cifre
moreover , and in conclusion , it seems to me that the war of figures which parliament , the council and the commission are waging regarding this case is particularly fruitless . cifre
these negotiations are going to take place in a specific context , characterised by two new elements , firstly , the death of his majesty hassan ii , the last giant figure in the history of the twentieth century , and , secondly , the principle of turkey ' s candidacy for accession , accepted a few days ago .  
performance was lower than expected in the first part of the year but , nevertheless , the upward trend which will occur in the second part of the year will favour growth of close to 3 % as an average for the last two years , thereby reaching similar and even higher figures for 2000 than those which we had forecast in the spring . cifre
secondly , i must add , however , as an austrian , that this dialogue between social partners , between political institutions , between fiscal policy and those with a political mandate has been going on in a similar way for years in my homeland , austria , and has made an important contribution to austria ' s present position as an economically successful and socially secure country with a high employment rate and lower jobless figures than others can boast . disoccupazione
i have my doubts about whether publishing consumption and exhaust gas figures will really influence consumers in their purchasing decisions . valori
consumption figures are important anyway at a time of rising petrol prices . prezzo
and i would like to take advantage of the few seconds remaining to say to the commissioner - while thanking her for being here - that she should keep an eye on the figures provided by the governments , firstly , to ensure that those figures are accurate and , secondly , so that they do not continue to provide data on active policies which are actually figures arising from taxes on employment and social welfare contributions . cifre
we see , although we do not have time to illustrate it , that in the governments ' reports , figures are given on new initiatives on active policies , but they are being financed through taxes on employment and social welfare contributions . dati
the report falls completely in line with the luxembourg process , for which , personally , i would have preferred objectives giving specific figures , and it is also in line with our desire to receive the report proposed by the commission on the annual national employment action plans . quantitativi
secondly , we have to combat structural indicators and step up the pace of structural reform , if we really want to bring down unemployment in the long term and not just increase employment figures . occupati
but then in order to do this it is also essential that we have regional figures at our disposal , as those supplied by the member states distort regional reality . dati
but these positive figures must not obscure the serious inequalities and problems which still exist . cifre
this is why we must insist on objectives which are expressed in definite figures , with a definite timetable . dati
indeed , while i am pleased to see the lowering of the unemployment rate on the european scale ( 9.4 % of the working population in 1999 as against 10.1 % in 1998 ) , the actual gross figures must , in no way , obscure the human and social aspects of the economic situation which are extremely hard to bear in the most disadvantaged regions of the community . dati
the two main amendments - i shall remind you of them - covered two points : firstly , the committee on employment and social affairs wanted the directive to apply to companies with twenty or more employees , and parliament to companies of fifty employees or more , whereas the commission is proposing the figure of one hundred or more , if i am not mistaken . applicarla
if we have a fixed figure that the european union needs as own resources , then obviously if we leave the member states more of what we call the traditional own resources , we have to collect more of that as a percentage of gnp . valore
we are now embarking on very difficult negotiations and there are figures in the frame again which none of us are very confident will actually form a sound basis . cifre
i want to make that very plain and make specific reference to the figures that have been placed before us for kosovo . cifre
the figure in scotland by comparison is calculated at 10 % . cifra
regarding offshore workers , we have demanded that working hours may be expressed by an annual figure subject only to collective wage agreements or employer-employee agreements . cifra
more is expected of us , in my judgement , by our own citizens , who do not think of europe just in terms of balance sheets and gdp figures . pil
sometimes it is good to quote these figures , because in the light of what is happening on our doorstep in kosovo , we sometimes forget that a conflict of such dimensions is still taking place in an area of central africa . cifre
i know and i can see that it is always ridiculous to cite aid figures in the face of such calamities . disgrazie
i should first like to quote some figures so that you have an idea of the scale of the drug trade . dati
if the figures are correct , then we have in the meantime learned that almost the same criminal earnings are obtained from smuggling as from drug crime and with considerably less risk than with drug-related crime . cifre
i have been given access to figures that show that of the 400,000 to 500,000 illegal immigrants who come to the european union every year , at least 200,000 are brought into the european union by smugglers . dati
now the matter being raised is the reduction of this figure . percentuale
in determining the percentage figure our starting point is that the eu should bear the principal political risk relating to the financing of projects . percentuale
i believe that if we look at the figures properly , it is clear that if ships are sold at less than they cost to make , the country is losing out . calcoli
in other words , there needs to be a link between monitoring and legislation if the figures prove unequivocally that the undertakings are not being complied with . cifre
it is proposed that , for calculation purposes , portugal is allocated a supplementary amount of 83,468 tonnes for 1999-2000 and , for 2001-2002 , the difference between the quota calculated on the basis of the amount actually processed in 1997-1998 and the quota resulting if that figure is replaced by 884,592 tonnes . 592
fourthly , information campaigns of increasing intensity until 2002 , particularly for the most vulnerable groups , through systematic action together with the education system , ngos and the media in general ; particularly prime time television , television news broadcasts and sports programmes with high viewing figures ; audience
i am convinced that it provides an opportunity for young people in europe and that it is proof that europe must not only be a europe of figures and economics , but that education and culture actually form the foundation stone on the basis of which we understand each other and regions - as diverse as their cultures are - complement each other and are tolerant of any differences between them . cifre
but i would have liked to have seen the council move a lot closer to parliament 's figure of eur 2,500 million . cifra
each one will receive 1500 per year and the rest will be allocated according to current , real or theoretical figures for bilateral traffic and transit traffic . dati
secondly , we lack reliable and up-to-date statistics on current flows of goods transport between switzerland and the european union even though this study is about to be completed and the same regulation lays down that in 2000 , the current allocation figures could be modified if the true figures differ significantly from those that are currently envisaged . cifre
by way of a summary , i shall give you some figures . cifra
as regards the statistical evidence on which the proposed distribution of permits for heavy goods vehicles is based , the figures to date relating to foreign trade cannot possibly be correct since with the existing 28 tonne limit in switzerland , long haul road transport , for example from greece , is just not profitable and is therefore not practised . dati
mr aparicio sánchez obviously took this factor into consideration when drawing up his report , but , as we all know , the figures are only indicative in nature and are based on available existing figures ; they do not accurately reflect the reality of the situation . grandezze
mr aparicio sánchez has obviously studied the issue carefully using all the above figures and , together with other members of our committee , has come up with some substantial improvements . dati
it has already been said many times now that a figure of 1 % , set as the threshold value for the adventitious presence of gm materials in food , is way beyond what can and should be accepted as the triviality limit . fissare
the figures which you have offered - emphatically - here in the plenum of the european parliament , are ridiculous and shameful . dati
an institution such as the european commission , which has for years claimed to be in favour of women also at the highest levels of administration , cannot be satisfied with that exclusion which the figures demonstrate . dati
firstly , until such time as figures are available regarding the needs in kosovo , i will keep referring to the world bank ' s report and the eur 500 million which have been pledged . verranno
it is up to you , council , to see to it that this does not happen , and remember that not even those of us who defended , defend and will defend the berlin financial perspectives , could accept the ceiling on external actions not being raised , if the figures require it , in april of next year . cifre
exact figures are requested for something that can only be estimated approximately . cifre
the figures are confused . cifre
but we can wait , if necessary , for better figures , although we could make perfect use of the budgetary framework . cifre
in my opinion , it was high time for new measures to be adopted to protect the ozone layer given the alarming figures being reported . allarmante
there is no point in compiling figures : these issues are crucial and our health and long-term survival are at stake . accumulare
the european commission does not actually give any justification for this figure . valore
it is also essential that the figure of 1 % as the minimum tolerance threshold can be revised after 12 months in the light of relevant scientific and technical studies and opinions . soglia
the maximum figure for category 4 does not have to be amended permanently other than by using a flexibility clause to the full . permanente
i think that this preventative aspect is tremendously important , not on account of the criminals at the top , those who possess criminal energy which transcends everything , but on account of the criminals at second or third remove who must know that , in the end , they cannot escape punishment for their crimes , even if they considered themselves as temporary vicarious agents of very powerful figures . potente
when finland became a member , as a result of poor yield in previous years , we had to be satisfied with a figure that did not reflect the truth in normal years . indicatore
a significant reduction in the eu ' s exposure has already been achieved , with the figure concerned going down from eur 212 million initially , including interest on outstanding debts , to eur 123 million at present . 212
