i regret this since we are having to take action because others have not done their job . inadempienze
the rich areas were those where there were jobs in industry , but today those areas might have become a burden , and they may well be poor , meaning we also have to invest in new sectors of industry such as electronic production , as i might call it , and the production of services , because they are the industries of the future . NULL
this lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to the establishment of companies and the creation of jobs . posti
in our amendments , we have stated the importance of the necessary synergies being produced between the structural funds , the cohesion fund and community initiatives , so that their application should be reflected , in the best and most profitable way , by the gradual elimination of disparities between regions and by the creation of jobs which are , when all is said and done , the two central purposes of the funds we are discussing . posti
all of this must be done - i repeat - with the participation of private business , which , by uniting its efforts with those of public administrations , but complementing them , never obstructing or excluding them , will lead to the creation of wealth in society and of jobs . posti
they are particularly beneficial to the member states , and i would particularly like to draw your attention to the emphasis the commission has placed on the issues of sustainable development , job creation and , more particularly , on equal opportunities and transport issues . occupazione
the time has come to implement the programmes , and so member states should also assume their responsibilities and do their jobs properly . compiti
mr president , commissioner , in the committee on employment and social affairs , we upheld unanimously the criterion that it was of strategic importance and a matter of priority to support the interventions of the structural and cohesion funds which are working for a better opportunity for jobs for the unemployed and for equality between men and women . impiego
mr president , it is important that the guidelines head in the right direction and that they guarantee the effectiveness of the programmes of the crucial seven-year period 2000-2006 so as to ensure sustainable development and job creation , particularly for women and young people , and ensure a balance is struck between economic and social policy and regional policy . settennio
it is therefore necessary to link structural financing more closely to job creation . posti
we will only be able to say that the structural policy of the union has been a success when we manage to create a sufficient number of jobs and when there is a significant reduction in the unemployment rate . posti
finally , aid can enable restructuring , offer training , save jobs and thus know-how . posti
wishing to save 60 000 jobs is , apparently , a sin against the market , but saving capital does not seem to present any problem for the advocates of the free market . posti
at the same time , unemployment is spiralling as a result of the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs . posti
i will give you an example : the european union was right to support the grönitz steelworks in brandenburg , although out of 5 000 jobs only 700 remained . posti
but these are competitive jobs , for this steelworks is now the number two tool steel manufacturer in the federal republic of germany . posti
orders in the steel industry and the ship-building industry - we also spoke about this a while ago - have decreased drastically , resulting in a loss of jobs . posti
i know this is difficult to achieve now , but if we do not achieve fair employment laws for all workers , here and elsewhere , and we do not secure equitable subsidies for all countries , here and elsewhere , it will be difficult to preserve jobs in europe and outside it . occupazione
it is now a fact that in order to attain this goal , rural areas need to see the creation of new jobs , which are no longer solely connected with agriculture , in the traditional sense - although this sector is important for the protection of the environment and the preservation of biodiversity - but also , for instance , in rural tourism , sport and cultural activities , environmental projects , smes , services , and so on . posti
the economic and social damage , which we have spoken about today , in terms of the loss of jobs and fishing and tourist resources , is so great that they fully justify decisive and thorough action on the part of the community institutions . posti
we would also like a clear job description for each european official so that an official with conscientious objections can more easily object to tasks which are unethical or unlawful . descrizione
olaf , the commission agency set up earlier this year must be placed under the direction of an independent european public prosecutor whose job will be to prepare for prosecution by national criminal courts , criminal offences committed against the financial interests of the union by members and officials of the european institutions . incaricato
too many young , new officials are leaving their jobs after just a few years . lavoro
i think that , at the moment , particularly in the last few months , there have been some positive developments in terms of the resources that will be available to mr kouchner , in order for him to be able to do his job efficiently . kouchner
it is not the portuguese presidency ' s job to hand out the presents that everyone wants , especially those that the european parliament is asking for . particolare
we are concerned about stability on the financial markets , not for the sake of the financial markets , but because this has to do with own growth , our own investments and our own jobs in the european union . posti
no one can ignore the challenge to civilisation posed by the lack of nearly one billion jobs and the need to make unprecedented efforts in terms of development and access to information . posti
computer-controlled selling programmes turned a random blip into an avalanche , burying jobs , lives and industries across the globe . posti
the only arguments against it are : firstly , it would impair the efficiency of the foreign exchange market - a little fanciful in light of the financial feeding frenzies we have seen that have destroyed jobs throughout the world , in east asia , europe and latin america . posti
we cannot maintain a situation in which investments and the creation of jobs are less lucrative than short-term sales of foreign currency and shares . posti
it is not your job , it is our job to decide on that . compito
the commission is to do its job and give proper attention to the issue before we come back with an assessment of what needs to be done . lavoro
how , though , is the union to be enlarged if we do not do the job properly now , i.e. before enlargement takes place ? predisponiamo
in this respect , the altener programme will be able to create new incentives and smooth the way for investment , and help us to realise our ambition , in the interests of environmental protection , the economy and creating new jobs . occupazione
this is a limited sector of the economy which creates hardly any jobs and is not competitive on the world scale . lavoro
in spite of an increase of 3 million in relation to the initial proposal , personally , once again i deplore the fact that the funds allocated do not match up to the ambitions expressed and that the concern to save money displayed by the council in this situation is in rude contrast to its declarations in favour of the safety of the energy supply , job creation and environmental protection , challenges that are just as significant which we must face up to . posti
furthermore , behind these programmes , that is to say , the save programme , which concerns greater efficiency and energy savings , and the altener programme , which concerns renewable energy , there lies an extremely important technological challenge , which , from an economic point of view , may offer significant opportunities to industry and also for the creation of jobs in our countries and therefore in the union as a whole . lavoro
both of them have done a first-class job . opera
i should like this programme to become a practical reality and for culture to be not only a factor of enrichment for our citizens , both in personal as well as in social and economic terms , but a right which it is our job to assert , and also the hallmark of rediscovered interaction within the union . rappresentasse
such distortions in competition are not about environmental protection ; they simply affect investment potential and the jobs of those building cars in europe . posti
however , i would ask these colleagues to show solidarity with the more than 2 million people who make a living from building cars in europe , so that these jobs can be secured in the future . posti
of course , we are not here to defend a particular national interest or a particular industrial lobby . we are here to build a europe that is competitive on the world market and to safeguard jobs in economic sectors where we are actually competitive . posti
lastly , mr president , i believe we should favour the creation of small and medium-sized businesses which , if subject to rigorous approval and duly authorised , can promote the creation of jobs in this very important area , preventing the emergence of monopolies by large companies . posti
the free recovery system , for example , for old vehicles and raising the percentage to be recycled will increase recycling activities and the number of jobs this generates accordingly . posti
in this parliament we constantly talk about the need to promote employment and jobs in europe and yet we constantly pass measures which will have the effect of reducing employment . posti
as is so often the case , it merely provides yet another massive bureaucratic structure to control a problem , which will only serve to create more jobs for officials , and cost the motor industries and consumers a great deal of money . posti
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the conference on rural development held in cork from 7 to 9 november 1996 set rural development as one of the european union ' s priorities since it is essential in order to maintain the existence and continued development of agriculture , to provide farmers with an environment containing the necessary infrastructure and services , and to ensure greater respect for the environment and a better quality of life , diversification and job creation . posti
creating a functioning urban environment in terms of social policy requires a policy of long-term job creation , action to combat poverty , measures to assist low-income groups and old people , facilities for children , racial and ethnic integration , better opportunities for participation , a targeted public health policy including measures to prevent drug abuse and concerted crime prevention measures . lavoro
we attached particular importance to linking the creation of new jobs for disadvantaged and excluded people in the social sector , in tourism and in small and medium-sized enterprises with promoting the establishment of new small and medium-sized businesses bearing in mind the necessary economic structural change . posti
in addition , experience from other fields where observatories have been set up shows that , apart from rather dubiously creating jobs , they are not of any great benefit . posti
mr president , commissioner fischler , rural development can and must tackle the problem from three different angles : preservation of jobs , stewardship of the countryside and , not least , local culture , because that is of the utmost importance . posti
for me , equality certainly does not mean that both parties to a marriage work the whole time and hand the children over to a nanny , alias an immigrant who has not had the opportunity to obtain another job . lavoro
equal remains important to us because it is precisely in relatively more prosperous regions that lower-skilled jobs are being shed , which can be an important first destination for those discriminated against in the labour market . posti
transnational strategies are intended to make it possible for disadvantaged groups to have access to jobs . occupazione
i would like to make it clear that it is not just a question of finance or aid to the different social operators , but rather also of selecting those projects which are aimed at employment , or to put it another way , projects which will tend to favour the creation and promotion of jobs . lavoro
i particularly welcome his recognition of this virtuous circle of having sustained growth : the information society in an expanding european market with the addition of a fully functioning single currency which will give us the opportunity to genuinely promote prosperity , innovation enterprise , the entrepreneurial spirit and yes - most importantly of all - extra-high value sustainable jobs for our european citizens . posti
again , this is a way that we can help create better opportunities for jobs and for prosperity . lavoro
you said in your summary , commissioner prodi , that liberalisation , competitiveness , keeping inflation low , innovation , science and technology are central for the future success of the european economy and creating jobs . occupazione
i am talking about the integration of the policies of the culture industry in this area of training and culture ; they create jobs . posti
it is time you took your job seriously , it is time for you , as president of the commission , to box the member states on the ears and force them to do their work and fulfil their duties . funzione
what it comes down to is the competitiveness of the european economy on the world market and the existence of thousands of jobs in the processing industry and offshore fishing . posti
in cross-border cooperation , greater emphasis must be placed on improving the conditions for the economic activity of the small and medium-sized undertakings which are the job creators . occupazione
i know that i am a thorn in your side on this , but sometimes that is my job . tormentarla
therefore , while the commission does not accept the need to amend its macroeconomic policies to create more jobs of quality , with employee rights , which is a fundamental basis for maintaining and modernising a solid , public social protection system , we harbour serious doubts as to its position . posti
i am in favour of social protection , i am in favour of the original commission document , but i do not want to see people priced out of jobs because social protection costs become unrealistically high . posti
that is why in committee i proposed some form of business impact assessment , so that costs and risks to jobs could be taken into account , and the epp-de group supported this amendment . occupazionali
i will mention just a few : our ability to combine development policy with trade policy and to ensure synergies between aid and economic cooperation ; our neutrality and defence of overall community interests ; the fact that we represent a critical mass and are able to do relatively large jobs compared to what individual member states can normally do . vasta
the contribution that the projects supported by life make to the sustainability of social and economic activities , and thus job creation . posti
more importantly , we need a family policy to promote demographic growth and an economic , monetary and fiscal policy to promote growth and reconquer the internal market so that we can create jobs . posti
if the court of auditors were able to assess regularly the potential conflicts between environmental concerns and structural development , it would be very important because the court of auditors could do an extremely good job . lavoro
firstly , when i came to this parliament many years ago i was told that if you had a difficult job you gave it to a liberal . lavoro
the union is simply doing its job when it seeks through its cooperation policy to encourage nations to espouse a platform of common values with it , of which democracy and civil liberty are the cornerstone . ruolo
it is not its job to subrogate to people in their choices or , failing that , reinvent a new variation on a ' sense of history ' which perceives self-determination as a one-way street . reinventa
this means that , when contemplating actions likely to lead to serious social consequences , job losses for example , companies should always actively search for and choose the least negative and least damaging solution . posti
as an example of this i mention that public authorities , notably the commission , have already taken measures through guidelines on national regional aid that came into force on 1 january this year so as to ensure that public funding remains associated with the recipients of regional aid and consequently with the jobs attached to the investment . posti
of course , it is always possible , but when jobs have been lost and factories closed down , the idea of going to court when proceedings are as lengthy as they are in italy is not very reassuring . posti
the first is to create new jobs for young people entering the labour market and the second is not to lose jobs . imprescindibili
yet the current situation in europe provides us with clear examples of how jobs are being destroyed , particularly , and most seriously , by companies which are making huge profits . occupazione
yet again , workers are likely to lose their jobs . lavoro
the european commission and the council must , at last , assume all the necessary responsibilities , both with regard to the adoption of a common position on the information and consultation of workers and with regard to community and national aid , which must only be granted to companies who undertake to establish long-term agreements to protect jobs . occupazione
the closure means the direct or indirect loss of more than a thousand jobs and hundreds of families being abandoned to insecurity and sudden poverty . posti
this global restructuring plan could lead to the loss of up to 12 000 jobs . posti
in my region of the uk in particular the employment consequences of this merger have been severe as a result of abb-alsthom having announced that it was cutting 270 jobs in britain with 95 jobs being lost in stafford and 112 in rugby . posti
these and other specific measures included in my report can , in my view , lend added value to the actions that the competent national and regional authorities should foster , in order to promote tourism and create new jobs , starting with the adoption of positive fiscal measures to assist small and medium-sized firms , particularly by reducing the burden of charges on labour . occupazione
with the aim of working out a strategy , it is vital to have a reading of these facts which harmonious and as strict as possible , so that we truly make tourism capable of creating jobs . occupazione
we fully endorse the community measures which were recommended in the commission communication : advantageous taxation , that is , fiscal measures that offer conditions that are truly competitive in this market to the production sector - 95 % of which , i would point out , is made up of small and medium-sized businesses , which is equivalent to 2 million small and medium-sized businesses in the european tourism sector ; it awards special attention to vocational qualifications in the european union , and therefore to investing in training ; finally , it undertakes to make the job market professionale
tourism is basically small businesses and therefore a very fertile area for job creation . occupazione
as has already been said in this debate , three million potential new jobs within the next ten years is something well worth going for . lavoro
we need a more dynamic vision based on tourism ' s contribution to job creation . posti
i am not saying that we do not need to raise the skills within the sector - of course we do - but let us get the jobs established first . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today we are addressing a very important sector that directly involves over 10 million jobs in the european union and helps the more or less disadvantaged , island and remote areas to stand on their own feet . lavoro
and of course , tourism creates more jobs and contributes to the stimulation of employment , especially among society ' s more sensitive sections : women and young people . posti
i will end by congratulating mr viceconte and , as one who comes from crete , a tourist area , i ask that we should always view tourism not only in terms of pleasant holidays but as a primary job creator in a europe which needs those jobs . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , first of all i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr viceconte , who spoke at such length on the tangible possibility , for the fifteen member states of the union , of creating jobs by way of a sensible policy , a sensible european union initiative in this field . posti
there are postal companies which have a monopoly and are doing a reasonably good job . bene
well , we are not convinced that the studies currently available make it possible to implement this liberalisation right now and we are concerned because it is well known that liberalisation without impact studies would cause thousands of job losses , something we certainly do not want . posti
we cannot afford to make a mistake , for we know for a fact that we shall not be able to turn the clock back and that in the event of an imbalance , the firm will know how to tackle it : jobs will be lost , services will be reduced , the dead wood will be removed and we already know which areas will be considered dead wood . posti
it is the job of the commission to ensure that national governments take account of their legal obligations under european law and transpose european directives . compito
without even mentioning the jobs in related sectors , european public postal services today employ one and a half million operatives whose futures are clearly threatened by the spectre of radical , untrammelled liberalisation . impieghi
the european parliament was confident of reconciling openness to competition with the obligation to provide a universal service in a manner which safeguards jobs . occupazionali
such jobs are unquestionably useful , and creating an adequate number of them would reduce unemployment in europe . di
before 24 march we will therefore have established this timetable so that the general affairs council can , on this date , do its job and do it well . bene
that is why this job went to mr solana , the secretary-general of nato , who is also guilty of the crimes committed against yugoslavia ; the right man for the right job , against whom charges have been filed , calling for him to be tried as a war criminal . NULL
we must therefore have many more women in work , and working in the new jobs in which the eu has a shortfall . posti
secondly , even the growth rate of 3 or 4 % , something we consider eminently feasible , will not be sufficient to reduce unemployment if we do not improve the job content of this growth . arricchiremo
with this vote , the european parliament has accepted serious liability towards the people who elected it , by supporting an extreme neo-liberal economic and social policy ; a policy which promotes the privatisation of absolutely everything , categorically opposes any form of public sector , overturns workers ' employment , wage , social and insurance rights , imposes a policy of budgetary austerity which is acutely anti-social and unpopular and acts on behalf of employers by asking workers to become more attractive and employable if they want to find a job . occupazione
what the government can then achieve in the way of job creation will be cancelled out by the unfavourable developments for small and medium-sized enterprises , in particular . lavoro
rigidity by imposing social convergence criteria and other community guidelines certainly does not create the necessary jobs . occupazione
we therefore need to augment our rate of employment with jobs that are competitive . posti
i believe we have to place our confidence in human resources , partly through a macro-economic policy which creates demand and potential new jobs and partly - and perhaps above all - by relying upon measures in the workplace such as training , democratisation and good social conditions . lavoro
it cannot create jobs just by government spending . posti
but if you want europe to go forward and to start delivering to the people of europe , then i would call upon you all to give your support to this report , because it will deliver those jobs , and it will deliver those opportunities , and it is the only way to do so . posti
our aim must therefore be to make this reactivation of the economy long-lasting with strong growth and job creation . posti
i believe that the streamlined information to be made available will be of major benefit and importance to the decision makers and to their advisers and will go some way to ensure a more sustainable fishery that will continue to provide jobs in parts of the union where there is no alternative source of employment . posti
it sustains some 6 500 jobs and generates around eur 800 million annually . 500
as he said , fish farming is a critically significant source of employment in remote parts of rural scotland and at a time when the rural areas of scotland are suffering their worst recession in over a hundred years , the aquaculture industry provides an essential boost to the rural economy on which many thousands of direct and indirect jobs depend . posti
in recent research it is estimated that the industry is worth eur 800 million per annum and 6 500 jobs rely on its existence . 500
mr president , fishing is an extremely important economic activity which involves major investment . most of its jobs are provided under fairly tough conditions throughout entire community regions . occupazione
regarding the second part of this amendment , it is important that job losses in the industry are counted and identified much more clearly . posti
it is in fact the job of the polluters to pay the costs for cleaning the areas suffering as a result of their actions , and for the restoration of the ecological balance damaged by their actions . spetta
the opening up of competition that has already been agreed for the telecommunications industry , as with the energy sector also , will create new , much-needed jobs and bring down prices for both industry and consumers . lavoro
it will be difficult to conduct a sober policy , one that produces results only very slowly , which must be implemented here and now , if we are presenting the citizens of europe with such a picture of the future as this , while they themselves fear for their jobs . lavoro
the potential is clear : if the european union , today , in its member states , were to attain the best practice already achieved by its existing states and by its competitors we would have 30 million more jobs , twice as many as are currently unemployed . posti
we in the eldr group believe that the union 's job at this stage is to develop this new paradigm so that there is a sense of an enabling europe : enabling our citizens to achieve their full potential . compito
if we can give people jobs this will prove to be the greatest weapon in the fight against social exclusion . posti
it is more important to stick to the holy cow of monetary policy than to find jobs for the unemployed . lavoro
i agree that this should be so , but to be successful in the future a model of full employment requires , above all , professional and socially secure jobs . posti
you are relying mainly on further deregulation in the internal market , on the internet revolution and on e-commerce and e-business to be job machines . posti
as early as the mid-nineties , mr bangemann promised a huge increase in jobs due to the information society . occupazione
the growth in media , mobile radio communication and software was not able to compensate for the job losses in the telecommunications sector and in the electronics industry , and for the rationalisation resulting from the introduction of information technology in other sectors of the economy . posti
that means , firstly , greater easing of monetary policy , a budgetary policy designed to strengthen investment in expansion and in the future , and a wages policy geared to productivity , so as to stimulate internal european demand and generate more jobs . occupazione
anyone who , at a time of mergers and rationalisation , wheels out the jobs argument to legitimise new technology needs above all to be clear about one thing : a just distribution of all the forms of work necessary to society can never be brought about by new technology alone . occupazione
i believe that these observatories create a handful of jobs for officials , but that they do not create any jobs in small and medium-sized enterprises . lavoro
establishing additional rigid rules - such as , for example , introducing a rigid 35-hour week in france - can , i admit , create jobs in the short term , but i am convinced that in the long term it damages our competitiveness and thus destroys jobs . posti
but they alone will not give growth the stimulus it needs to enable long-lasting growth , effectively generating jobs , to be organised at a high level . occupazionali
it is simply unacceptable for shareholders or directors of plcs to be the only ones who decide on jobs , the economy and share prices . posti
it is for this reason that , while i feel that new technologies constitute a tremendous vector for socially-inclusive growth , they will only be so if they are taught from an early age , in that by 2010 fifty per cent of all jobs will be in sectors directly linked to information technologies . lavoro
it is clear that we must redefine the role of europe in the world economy , creating a competitive europe , opening the way to new and better jobs and organising this process with an appropriate strategy for social cohesion . posti
all of this will lead us to the need to define the role of europe in the world economy , of europe as a competitive platform - and i stress ' competitive ' - opening the way to new and better jobs , higher quality jobs from the point of view , of course , of guaranteeing social cohesion . posti
however , this is the first time in many years that a strategic objective has been put forward , and i feel that it is extremely important : to transform the union into an economic area based on innovation and knowledge , in order to boost economic growth , achieve full employment in proper jobs and bring about social cohesion . occupazione
practical measures relating to what i spoke about earlier - a common goal for support services for families and particularly for children - are a key factor in creating jobs and at the same time creating equal opportunities and ensuring much greater participation by women in the labour market . posti
this is a key issue : unless these values are respected , we may have a healthy economy , we may have jobs , but there will be no europe . occupazione
we must give more responsibility , by way of funding , to local researchers to be able to create development that will be of benefit to the local community and leave the job to them when the financiers have left . esaurita
firstly , we wish to protect flora and fauna and secondly , there are a large number of coastlines along which , on the one hand , tourists enjoy themselves and on the other jobs are to be created . posti
but full employment will be restored when there are no longer any long-term unemployed and when every young person is offered at least one training course within at least six months of entering the job market . lavoro
in future , the computer-related content of jobs is going to be increasingly marked , but we have a lack of workers qualified in this area , as do the united states . lavoro
moreover , mr president , if i wish to do my job properly , i shall have to return to the committee at 5.45 p.m. , as scheduled , in order to present another matter which i am responsible for , to do with the community support framework for portugal , while at the same time i must also answer another question in the following debate . lavoro
once again , regardless of ideological considerations , we have reordered the paragraphs of the new article 137 in order to subject to qualified majority voting everything which affects , from our objective point of view , the proper operation of the internal market : social security and protection of workers , worker protection in the event of cancellation of the work contract , collective representation and defence of the interests of workers , including codetermination , working conditions for third country nationals legally resident on community territory , and financial contributions for the promotion of employment and job creation soggiornanti
mr president , i would like to thank mr blokland for this report ; he has had a very hard job to do . compito
members of parliament should be aware of the serious implications for our industries and agriculture , for our competitiveness , for jobs and - yes - for people and our constituents if the commission proposal wins through . occupazione
for instance , you may want to build a motorway across one part of the european union in order to spend structural fund money and bring jobs to that part of the union , but should you not be careful if that motorway is being driven through what should have been designated a protected site by the national government ? occupazione
in vila garcia de arousa , repositories have been installed in a wharf financed by the erdf to hold 80 000 cubic metres of hydrocarbons , which pose a serious threat to fishing and related activities which provide jobs for 18 000 people , if these hydrocarbons are handled on a regular basis or if accidents with transporting vessels occur . lavoro
- ( el ) yet another summit , this time initiated by the portuguese presidency , is about to add its contribution to the continuing intensification of , and support for , the neo-liberal , monetarist policies which have led to the present dismal situation , which contradict every social and employment policy and which cause dramatic rises in unemployment , job insecurity , discrimination , social exclusion and widespread poverty , ostensibly in order to ' promote ' proposals and measures to support employment and combat unemployment . occupazionale
it is a contradiction , it is ironic , it is hypocritical and it is insulting to workers to propose strengthening the competitiveness of undertakings by reducing labour costs , promoting total liberalisation , increasing the flexibility of the job market and supporting atypical forms of work as measures to combat unemployment . lavoro
if its aim were to improve the standard of living of workers , increase their purchasing power and guarantee safe jobs , it would support public-sector and social investment and equal opportunities , combat all forms of discrimination in connection with access to employment and jobs and act as a barrier to policies based on privatisation , low wages and lack of social protection , flexible and temporary work and the constant exclusion of women , the young and people with special needs from the job market . occupazione
prosperity is the preserve of big business , before which all bow down in reverence , making it more and more immune , throwing the job market even more out of kilter in the name of increased productivity and competitiveness , attacking social and other rights which have been won even more violently and promoting the perception that the modern ( anti ­ ) social state need only throw the people a few crumbs of charity . lavoro
we must help them find jobs and we must do a great deal of educational work so that what happened recently , the literal immuration and separation of the roma and sinti from the rest of the inhabitants in the community , is never repeated . posti
i have been here since 9 o ' clock in the morning and i do not think that the council can be accused of not doing a serious job in answering honourable members ' questions . posti
how can we create permanent , more highly-qualified jobs ? posti
i would like to mention especially the communication " strategies for jobs in the information society " . lavoro
these actions will result in increasing numbers of jobs and will thereby reduce the principal cause of social exclusion , namely unemployment . posti
mr president , there are other categories of worker whose jobs are much more tiring than ours and whose work compels them to postpone their mealtimes , and yet they do not complain and they do not leave their work unfinished , as we are about to do . faticose
they are now involved in the convention to draft the charter , but only as one partner among others , which will guarantee an imperfect job . prelude
it is unacceptable for the commission only to take a lukewarm interest in a country which probably has no mineral resources , which , in terms of human rights , is doing a relatively good job in the region , which is small and very much agriculture-based . attua
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this is not the first time that we have dealt with the problem of organised crime in the european union and there is a specific reason why we are doing so today in an urgent debate : the murder in brindisi on 24 february of two officials of the guardia di finanza has again suddenly brought to light the danger faced by our colleagues in the security bodies of the member states whose job is to protect the external borders of the european union or work in regions which , because they are dimostrato
finally , mr president , i would like to highlight the contribution of amendment no 10 , which proposes a new article 5a , defining the following criteria to be met by programmes or measures eligible for funding : that these programmes should foster sustainable , multifunctional farming ; they should serve to maintain or create jobs ; they should promote social and regional cohesion ; they should give a more prominent role to women and young people ; they should protect the environment and safeguard the water supply , air quality and soil quality ; they should treat agricultural occupazione
we have an important job to do to explain the workings of the whole productive system to the consumers of europe and those outside the union who will buy our food . compito
mr president , commissioner , the purpose of the structural funds is to target the poorest and most run-down areas of the european union , those in greatest need of development , with extra money to help them begin to rebuild the economy , create jobs and regenerate poorer communities . occupazione
yet we hear from remarks that are made from time to time by the commission that there are real problems and we find it difficult to do our job within this parliament without that degree of transparency . lavoro
madam president , if there is to be an export ban on products banned in the community , have you investigated and calculated how many jobs will be lost in europe as a result ? posti
the report broaches the issue of employment in terms of job creation , which in turn is connected to micro , small and medium-sized enterprises , as well as to the use of new technologies . posti
it is vital for new jobs to be created and this depends on the initiative and the creativity of entrepreneurs . posti
without a constant and intense effort in these fields there will be no competitiveness and a lack of competitiveness means no new jobs will be created . posti
mr president , it takes some nerve to state that employment is , and i quote , a constant priority of the european institutions at a time when the european union has 18 million unemployed and when , at this very moment , a number of the most wealthy of all major european businesses are announcing savage job cuts without the said institutions lifting a finger to prevent them . posti
if we supplement the maccormick report in this direction , the european parliament will have done a good job in the eyes of the consumer . lavoro
firstly , the protection of the environment , but also the creation of jobs . posti
we have studies , backed up with figures , to show that renewable energies create more jobs than conventional forms of energy . posti
first , there are ecological advantages and , secondly , there are job opportunities . lavoro
anyway , that is precisely what the lisbon council has just agreed to reject in connection with the job markets . lavoro
i would like to see the development of small local initiatives which would strengthen rural development by the provision of , say , 20 to 30 jobs per project . posti
in justification of this , i would point out that it must be the commission ' s job to enforce the directive on bio-patents . compito
this industry also generates numerous land-based jobs , in the processing industry and in the dockyards . posti
the cheapest jobs are those which do not have to be created because they have not already disappeared . posti
- i voted against the motion for a resolution because the reference in article 1 to ' re-certified aircraft with low by-pass ratios ' would effectively put an end to a project to re-engine aircraft in an unemployment blackspot of west wales which could potentially create 400 jobs . posti
individual refugees gain from a dynamic approach to their integration in all kinds of areas within the european union , such as permanent jobs , housing , the settling of whole families etc . lavoro
firstly , we asked for 15 extra jobs to be created in the inspection department within agriculture and for the financial corrections to be increased from 10 % to 25 % maximum , in case something went wrong with agricultural expenditure . posti
it still causes parliament some concern that the jobs have not yet been filled and that it is extremely difficult to do so . posti
but i too should like to say at this point that i do not see the letters drawing the commission ' s attention to the fact that companies may fold or jobs be destroyed following certain commission measures as an illegal attempt at intervention , irrespective of whether the letters originate in parliament or in a member state and regardless of whether they come from france , ireland or bavaria . posti
mr kuhne has done an excellent job as rapporteur for the parliament discharge . lavoro
i am delighted that mrs rühle has done such a great job on the edf report . lavoro
mr mulder has done a great job as well , displaying his usual wizardry with the eaggf accounts . lavorato
we want to give the commission the opportunity to improve the way it does things and show that it is able to do the job it inherited from the previous commission . tramandati
the key aim of defining a new world-wide strategy for the european union within a world economy that is open , competitive and truly global was achieved . that strategy is to make the european union the most dynamic and competitive economic area in the world , based on knowledge and able to guarantee sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and with greater social cohesion . occupazione
we are particularly pleased about the emphasis placed upon europe ' s creating prosperity and employment by strengthening the market economy and increasing competitiveness , partly through greater flexibility in the labour market and reduced social charges in connection with low-paid jobs . lavoratori
european citizens must not be kept in ignorance of the fact that the dissemination of these communication technologies is going to destroy jobs as well as create them , and that at the very core of our societies , at macroeconomic as well as at microeconomic level , it presents a challenge to the redistribution of working time and the redistribution of incomes . posti
so when i read the summit conclusions which state that europe has set itself the goal of promoting a dynamic knowledge-based economy ' capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs ' , i say , ' go on then , i dare you . ' occupazione
there is a challenge for parliament in playing its part in helping europe to become the dynamic centre of sustainable job creation , innovation , competitiveness and modernised social welfare . posti
to me , lisbon is all about creating a europe of highly-paid , highly-skilled , high-value-added jobs .  
if we can achieve that sort of europe from the lisbon process , it will be good for our citizens and for europe as a whole , because what could be more socially just and inclusive than a europe that genuinely benefits from full employment and good jobs that everybody can enjoy ? posti
at lisbon the portuguese presidency gave us the key to unlock a decade of sustained innovation , competitiveness and job creation across our continent . posti
therefore , instead of more high-quality jobs with employment rights , instead of a reduction in working hours whilst maintaining salary levels and without flexible working arrangements , the summit ' s decision will , in practice , lead to poorer jobs , which are less secure , which provide fewer rights , and do not offer an effective system of social protection . occupazione
at the same time , there are 800 000 highly-skilled jobs in the new economy which cannot be filled due to a lack of skilled human resources . posti
if europe does not learn its electronic lessons fast , these unfilled jobs will multiply and the economy will slump . posti
and as all the other sectors become more productive , thanks to the impact of the new economy , they too will create more jobs . posti
as for the promise to create twenty million jobs in the years to come , this is just as deceitful as it is ridiculous . posti
the council presented the so-called new economy as the main provider of jobs for the future , but the stock exchange crisis which occurred a few days after the summit demonstrated just to what extent the new economy was , more than anything , the basis for old-style speculation , and that the promised jobs in information and communication technologies were , after all , just virtual jobs . occupazione
at the same time , the demonstration of alsthom ' s european workers in brussels reminded us that the real economy , that of big business , is continuing to cut thousands of jobs and to make unemployment worse , while governments back these firms up by cutting support and allowances to the unemployed in order to force them into accepting any old job , at any price , under any conditions . posti
then we finish perhaps a shade provocatively : " unlike the united states the european union does not appoint retired high-level politicians for this kind of job . " incarico
as far as mr van buitenen is concerned , he took up employment on 1 april in the directorate-general for health and consumer protection in luxembourg in a very responsible job , as the house would expect . incarico
i reported to this house previously that mr van buitenen , a short time after ending his period of suspension , was informed that he had a right to seek employment in any of the european union institutions in a job for which he was qualified . mansioni
he made a couple of applications , one of which was for a job in the commission . posto
our job is to bring all 15 member states together so that the process of traceability throughout the whole of the food chain , from the birth of the animal to its slaughter and disposal , would be universally applied throughout the european union . compito
once again the biotechnology industry pressure groups have done their job at every level , out of sight of the citizens . lavoro
to crown it all , it is actually dangling the idea of full employment , i.e. the creation of 20 to 30 million new jobs , before our noses . posti
these splendid promises mean only one thing : a huge rise in insecure jobs , casual work and low wages , with the constant threat of redundancy and , on top of that , a scheme for an inegalitarian overhaul of the social protection system . lavoretti
the council is right to say that the shift to a digital , knowledge-based economy , prompted by new goals and services , will be a powerful engine for growth , competitiveness and jobs . occupazione
the council is therefore to be applauded for acknowledging the importance of promoting social inclusion , for emphasising the role of education and training for living and working in the knowledge society ; for highlighting the need for more and better jobs ; and for stating that social protection must underpin the transformation of the knowledge economy . posti
the ' new economy ' is actively preparing the creation of an extensive stratum of ' employed poor ' , with miserly wages , restricted security and welfare rights , who will be obliged to change jobs according to the dictates of the unaccountable market and the laws of the lawless interests of big business . lavoro
instead of being controlled , restructuring , mergers and company relocations leading to tens of thousands of job losses are being made even easier . licenziamenti
the committee for constitutional affairs has done a good job and has taken a progressive , courageous position on certain areas of reform of the treaties . lavoro
i know that there are a number of honourable members in this house who have done the same job for their own countries . carica
either the services are not doing their job properly and are giving you wrong information , or there is something rotten in the kingdom of denmark and there are many who say that there is something peculiar about mr kouchner ' s administration . lavoro
my question is this : if the services are not doing their job properly , what are you going to do when they leave you high and dry ? lavoro
if mr kouchner is not doing his job properly , what are you going to do about it ? lavoro
the helsinki and cologne summits specifically gave the portuguese presidency the job of strengthening this new protection policy . mandato
mr president , commissioner , if europe is to grow , attract capital and create jobs , the single market for financial services must be turned into a reality . posti
however , i hope that the countries of the union will not use this as an excuse , if it is passed , but seek to implement the new system as rapidly as they can - in other words , two years should be regarded as an exception and as a maximum rather than as the normal ration for the job . lavoro
no one should underestimate the adverse impact of export restrictions of this kind on the economies of export-oriented countries , and above all on related jobs . posti
it is the job of the council presidency and the commission , whilst at the same time defending moral values and condemning this war , to endeavour to ensure that we support those forces which are all too poorly represented in russia , but who nevertheless wish to pursue a european path , a path towards a european partnership , a partnership with the european union . NULL
unfortunately , the same does not apply to small- or medium-sized businesses in small member states , where much stiffer competition has resulted in an increase in the number of bankruptcies , shrinking business and job cuts . tagli
you will have seen from the debate that the school milk scheme is a very sensitive issue indeed , on which there are many different shades of opinion , and that means that he certainly did not have an easy job . compito
mr president , is that the only way they can think of to sabotage our work here , by soiling the nest of so many other members who , just like me , are trying to do a decent job here today . lavoro
i am just so tired of being accused of not wanting to do my job because i am taking part in this action . lavoro
airport complexes are hives of intense economic activity and appeal ; our intention to preserve jobs , reasserted in lisbon , means that we do not have the right to avoid this issue . posti
they are calling for a decent salary which offsets the risks involved in their job . proporzionati
perhaps an increase in the number of jobs in the short term . posti
in the longer term , it could be that , quite unintentionally , businesses become more vulnerable owing to technical defects in a costly transport system and that jobs could , at short notice , be moved to areas with lower wages , poorer working conditions and fewer environmental requirements . posti
building a permanent link between germany and denmark will create many new and much-needed jobs in the area . posti
the rapporteur who , by the way , has done a quite excellent job , has expressed his concern about this . lavoro
for example , aviation in the uk contributes gbp 10.2 billion a year to the uk gdp and generates and supports 380 000 indirect and induced uk jobs . posti
furthermore , what many people feared has not come to pass , namely job losses and deteriorating working conditions , and instead we continue to see rising employment . lavoro
for example , even today , an italian pilot with professional qualifications obtained in italy cannot do the same job in belgium . mestiere
in the initial stages of liberalisation , a lot of people lost their jobs , those who remained had to work longer hours and others suffered a deterioration in their working conditions . lavoro
this privatisation will result in major job losses and will certainly have a damaging impact on safety . posti
airports are highly decisive factors in influencing the location of businesses , senior officials , management , and therefore jobs to an area . posti
as the house will know , in an international and multinational institution like the commission , it is essential , as the honourable member said , that the allocation of jobs broadly reflects the diversity of the union that we serve and uses abilities effectively . incarichi
candidates for a1 and a2 jobs are interviewed by a panel of senior officials which has been assisted in the lifetime of this commission by an advisory external expert with relevant experience in executive selection . a2
turning very quickly to the substance of the questions : in the commission hearings the european parliament asked for rotation of a1 and a2 posts and to end national flags on senior jobs . a2
there is also the establishment of task assessments which we will do through a series of pilot schemes that will affect around one quarter of the directorate-generals in the first instance and then the compilation of job descriptions which will be undertaken over the period up to the end of july this year . mansioni
perhaps i might also , as a new member of the house , and therefore of the committee , thank her for the marvellous job she does as the chairman of our committee - for the courtesy and kindness , but firmness with which she carries out its business . dirige
there can be no doubt that the job of the parliament tomorrow is without further ado to vote through the report unanimously . compito
mr president , commissioner , e-commerce offers the european union a unique chance to stimulate economic growth , strengthen the industry ' s competitiveness and create new jobs . posti
in this context , let me also give special thanks to the commission , to mr bolkestein and his colleague , mr liikanen , who has also done an excellent job here with the tc package he forwarded to us in parliament a few months ago . lavoro
the commission is therefore of the opinion that the directive will stimulate european integration and will , consequently , lead to greater economic growth , more investments in innovation and more jobs in europe . posti
customs controls at the internal borders of member states , in this specific context , do not represent a barrier to the single market but , quite the opposite , offer protection as regards the jobs , health and safety of european union residents . posti
many jobs in the textile sector , the automobile industry and the sphere of culture also depend on these . posti
the number of jobs lost in the european union is put at 100 000 over the past ten years . posti
no i do not want your job , only you can do it , the role reversal does not stretch quite that far ! sottrarle
the approach which has been taken is absolutely correct , not only in making sure that we do not simply give money away if we have a little spare in the budget , but also where we have asked the secretary-general of parliament to come forward with a number of reports : for example , in paragraph 6 of the resolution where we have asked the secretary-general to look at and identify job needs in the same way as the commission so that we can match job needs to the staff which we have available in the longer term . mansione
these types of reports are never easy and he has done a good job . lavoro
as members will notice , the finnish interpreters do a good job speaking english and other languages because we could not recruit finnish-speaking english interpreters . lavoro
of course it is not the commission ' s job to evaluate individual proposals , but i would like to welcome the fact that parliament is endeavouring to ensure that , in future , the buildings policy will reduce the burden on the budget from interest payments . spetta
we should start to let go of the policy of giving a sum of money to the producers of a particular agricultural product which we want to support , and endeavour , instead , to reduce the burdens of production costs , burdens which are mainly the result of national state policies and which push up the cost of labour , tying the hands of those who wish to work , produce and increase the number of jobs in their sector . lavoro
i agree that the commission for its part has done a good job , a job that parliament can endorse , whereas member states must eventually be made to understand that this matter is important and that we must gain consumer confidence . lavoro
proper organisation of working time would entail , we reiterate , a real reduction in working hours accompanied by moves to create a sufficient number of jobs . posti
finally , i will address the issue of the risk of what happens if we do not get the staff and the resources to do the job . lavoro
all this is part of the promises we have made already , so there is really no alternative to getting the people to do the job . lavoro
but how to do it - this is a problem we cannot solve alone , which is why we are appealing as strongly and clearly as we are ; and we make no secret of the fact that if the budget authority will not make it possible to get the staff , we will not be able to do the job . lavoro
both an increase in the available work force and an improvement in productivity would improve the situation in terms of creating jobs and helping to reduce unemployment . occupazione
hundreds of thousands of new jobs have recently been created in the usa , while the number of jobs in europe has been cut . posti
if we take spain as an example , it is clear that job instability , temporary employment and work accidents are on the increase . precariato
i am convinced that some jobs have been lost because waiting for the decision on state aid has meant that a company has gone out of business in the end because it did not have the approval in time . NULL
the very future of our railways is at stake , together with the jobs of one million people employed in the industry . posti
the regulators themselves are undertaking this job across member states : who better to undertake that task ? lavoro
this new policy should be particularly based on support to investment that creates jobs by means of a selective policy of credit , the improvement in living and working conditions and a reduction of working hours without flexibility or increased precariousness , taxation on income and financial measures to curb speculation and to release new resources . posti
i have a shared concern about the jobs of workers . posti
i would be very pleased to bring mr lipietz to speak to workers in the united kingdom who may lose their jobs as a result of decisions made by a french owner of energy companies in the uk , when british companies are not allowed to gain access to the french market because the french have not applied agreed european policy . posto
that is robbing the jobs of some of the poorer states who are represented here . posti
for our part , we have not been elected to offer congratulations to governments that come to the assistance of big business and major financial groups in order to enable them to accrue even greater wealth by exacerbating inequalities , leaving 18 million women and men unemployed , making flexibility at work and job instability more widespread , by making swingeing cuts in the total wage bill in order to ensure the continued growth of income from capital , including its most parasitic speculative forms .  
the union ' s strategic goal for the forthcoming decade must be to ensure economic growth and free enterprise , without violating the social question , with guidelines based on competitiveness , sustainable development and the creation of new jobs . posti
consequently , in my opinion , broad guidelines for economic growth and a rise in employment should include measures to render the european market more competitive and increase job flexibility . lavoro
the acclaimed macroeconomic development for job creation is so tied up in the self-regulation of the free market that it has not yet created any jobs , rather it has destroyed stable jobs , while , in the worst of cases , contributing to keeping salaries low in precarious employment sectors . posti
there is no doubt that the closure of large parts of the european network would lead to significant job losses . posti
this initiative remains subject to macroeconomic reform programmes under the aegis of the imf or the world bank , which run counter to the objectives of eradicating poverty , due to their restrictive effect on the ability to spend on social services and job creation . posti
it is a market worth billions and could create many new jobs here in europe , particularly when one considers that the only possession many chinese have to their name is a pair of trousers . posti
i am also pleased that the president-in-office has recognised that the engine of growth in the economy are the smes providing 70 % of the jobs . posti
finally , opening up the market is not an end in itself : it is a means of ensuring that the transition to an information society is made by and for all citizens through the creation of permanent jobs , and this is certainly not always the case in this field . impieghi
despite considerable progress in terms of the situation of women , there are still considerable differences , especially discrimination at work and different wages for the same job . impiego
they are lured under false pretences - through job advertisements , for example - into becoming hairdressers or into working in bars or as dancers , or else they are enticed via the lonely hearts columns . vengono
we are sure that parliament will adopt this extremely well-balanced report by a very large majority , for no one could tolerate the current violence perpetrated against women who are abducted or forced by deception and threats to enter the european union , where they are compelled to live a life of forced prostitution or do some other sort of job under coercion . lavoro
on the contrary , current job creations are due to an economic context characterised by an increase in consumption among wage-earners and a weak euro favouring exports . posti
the fact of an undertaking deciding to lay off some of its staff , leading to further unemployment , when a small part of its profits could be used to keep these jobs , is of absolutely no interest to the european commission . posti
there is still a long way to go and we must not forget that the jobs created must be lasting and of a high quality . posti
this being the case , how can the heads of government of the 15 member states of the european union pledge to achieve a new strategic objective for the next decade , that is to make the european union the most dynamic and competitive knowledge ­ based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic growth , with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion , unless they significantly change their research policy , and particularly the budgets earmarked for this ? posti
however , when it comes to applying for a particular post , if a portuguese , be he asian , black or white , is suitable for that job , in a way that does not apply to a zimbabwean , be he asian , black or white , then this is not a question of racism , it is about citizenship , and this can be legitimate . funzioni
if born in france , this young person benefits from the nationality code and may be protected by the law if refused access to a job due to discrimination . impiego
if everyone has to fight for a job , a place in education or house , a battle of interests will ensue . lavoro
anyone belonging to a different group can be seen as an unwanted competitor on the job or housing market . lavoro
in scotland , the proposed cuts would cost hundreds of jobs in particularly fragile rural areas . posti
do not swallow this foolish talk that we want to keep boats and that somehow or other this will keep people in jobs if the fish are not there . posto
it seems absurd that we insist on exporting jobs from the eu to applicant countries and others to produce cigarettes that will be legal to import for personal consumption within the european union . posti
on the facing page is an article written jointly by the prime ministers of the uk and spain , not about the tobacco directive but about market liberalisation , which says : " it is so important to avoid the sort of heavy-handed regulation that could drive investment and jobs out of europe " . posti
that , mr president , is what we are in danger of doing - we are not just stopping exports of cigarettes we are actually promoting the export of jobs . posti
we have an opportunity today to send two signals - first , that we care very much about health , but also that we care very much about jobs , employment and deregulation . posti
our intention is to try to balance this issue so that we have some coherence at european level , coherence of interpretation , so that we can have a european level playing field but not to interfere in the issues where the national regulators can do their jobs in a coherent manner . regolatori
i fail to understand why a state employee , a worker or an office worker would not lose his job over such matter while a member of parliament would lose his parliamentary immunity . lavoro
finally , as regards mergers and acquisitions , which generally create problems and huge job losses , we have already been in written and verbal contact with mr monti , the commissioner responsible , and the directorate-general responsible , so that the commission can monitor application of the legislation for the workers ' committee to the maximum and can check if all the provisions of the law have been complied with before mergers take place and major decisions are taken . posti
however , i must stress , mrs andersson , that these measures mainly concern preparing workers or companies for major structural changes so that we can avoid job losses and major social problems . posti
the commission ' s main task is to complete and apply the strategy for employment , the aim of which is to channel all these human resources into new jobs . posti
in other words , how we intend to address structural unemployment and how the people hit by the impact of industrial restructuring can find new jobs in the new sectors being created which , as you know , are mainly services and the information society . lavoro
however , since the delors white paper on social exclusion , since commissioner flynn , your predecessor in the present job , we have had studies , theses , information and strategies coming out of our ears on how to tackle the problem . incarico
we have achieved huge growth in employment and economic terms ; we have looked at new innovative ways of creating jobs , of educating people and so on and yet still 20 % of our population in europe are lagging way behind and do not have the opportunity of benefiting from that growing economy or of having any quality of life . posti
we emphasised that in the knowledge-based society , investments in the infrastructure of eeurope are totally essential to guarantee the growth of jobs and also to have more efficient policies of cohesion because the digital economy information society means the death of distance . lavoro
subject : defence industries given the importance of the defence industries as a driving force for technological research and job creation , particularly in smus , would the commission indicate what action it has taken to follow up its previous communication on the future of the european defence industry and whether it will be publishing a new communication ? posti
above all , however , it is illegal sales of spirits , beer and wine which have increased at the expense of swedish jobs , tax revenue and supervision . occupazione
madam president , commissioner , mrs lulling has done a great job with this report , in my opinion , in the sense that she has endeavoured to adjust the restrictive approach of the commission . lavorato
but the sort of bans imposing unreasonable demands on the european tobacco industry which the committee on the environment has cobbled together with no regard for job losses , especially for women , will not make the citizens of the european union give up smoking , as the current drastic measures in relation to advertising and labelling have already proven . posti
wanting to accept a sense of responsibility for the health of smokers in third countries is obviously well meant , but when this sense of missionary purpose results in the tobacco industry relocating production intended for export to third countries outside the eu , then all we will have managed to achieve are job losses . lavoro
this would result in a massive erosion of eu cigarette exports and the loss of several tens of thousands of jobs . posti
i will make this bargain with the honourable member : if , by the time i leave my job as a commissioner in 2005 , our record in closing the gap between commitments and payments is not a hell of a lot better than it has been in the last three years then he can have a contribution to his favourite charity . posto
what i would like to see is an equal concern to help with the almost inconceivable social restructuring which will inevitably follow in its wake with - i repeat - 400 million rural farmers out of a job . lavoro
if , for example , they want to implement the total extension of the definition of refugee or total access for asylum seekers to the job market or work to reverse the burden of proof , then the consensus achieved with their vote in committee will be jeopardised . lavoro
here we are achieving the desired effect cost-free , as it were , and i think that parliament should make it clear to the outside world that it has done job security a huge service . posti
approximately half a million workers lost their jobs and one in four companies went bust because bigger and stronger companies got away with not paying them on time . impiego
we know that some 450,000 jobs are lost every year as the result of late payments . posti
when we talk about job security and job creation , then we have a very important and crucial directive here which helps us to secure 450,000 jobs a year in europe . garantire
that deserves the headlines in the press but , as you know , the fight for jobs is already taken for granted . posti
the jobs of one thousand people in my constituency are now at risk as a result of the decisions that were taken here yesterday . questo
but without specific job creation targets , verifiable timetable commitments , clear choices about finance and tangible progress on the right of the social operators to be involved , all public opinion will remember about that summit will be the blair-aznar trademark . posti
membership of the single market the largest trading bloc in the world , is crucial for jobs in the north west . occupazione
in particular , i want to thank him for taking account of the opinion of the committee on industry in the final version of his report , especially as regards the issue of job creation . posti
we believe that the rapporteur , mr turco , has done an excellent job on both counts in his report on the 10th annual report on the structural funds , 1998 . decima
let me give you another example . although unemployment is rising in germany ' s five new länder , money is once again being invested in roads instead of jobs in the new community support framework . occupazione
even though there has been a reduction in unemployment in the eu in absolute terms in recent months , the total number of people without jobs is still far too high . lavoro
an integrated strategy combining measures to boost the economic base of the regions and measures to improve access to the job market , particularly through training , is essential if this situation is to be resolved . lavoro
it therefore seems to me that structural actions must continue to step up their efficacy and impact in terms of job creation in order to sustain the current economic growth , especially in the regions most affected by unemployment . posti
i would like to send a very clear message to the current government in paraguay that this cannot just be regarded as a job for europeans , north americans , or anyone else . compito
mr schmitt ' s report omits to mention that refugees suffer from discrimination in the job market . lavoro
may i insist , therefore , that at least this type of adaptation to requirements is implemented and that the community of europe , the single market , is given access to a world which is so important , particularly for the smes where , in effect , the productivity of design and creativity - which for the european countries naturally represents a boost for jobs and employment - fits perfectly into this network of rights and freedoms . occupazione
the large amount of time spent on this regulation was justified on the grounds of the importance of adopting the directive on drawings and models , a job that took most of the previous legislature and part of the present one . compito
employment : the e-europe action plan may serve to prepare the citizens to become internet shoppers but it will certainly not create jobs . posti
i think we have done an excellent job . lavoro
the job of the committee on budgetary control is not to hang the commission out to dry for the duration of a parliament , but to ensure that europe 's citizens are served by an executive that implements its political priorities efficiently and effectively . NULL
the difficulties which occurred - a 4 % possible error in the area of agriculture and a little more in the area of structural funds - did not result from the failure of the european commission to dispense those funds in an efficient way , but from a failure - and it was a small failure - to control the member states and the european governments and to ensure that the member states and their administrations had done the job in the way it should have been done . lavoro
but , once again , i would like to offer my personal congratulations to the honourable member on a very difficult job , extremely well done . compito
mr president , the fact that the eu observer mission has garnered great international acclaim reflects the fact that mr schori has done an excellent job in raising the profile of what we were doing there . lavoro
i hope that the commission will do everything that the commissioner has said and that the council is up to the job . altezza
for example , when we repatriate people , for example when we send illegal poles from germany back to poland , you need to realise that , some of them have train tickets , obtained from their illegal employer , to return to germany , within two hours of their arrival , because that is where they work , where they have their jobs and where they are able to earn money . lavoro
i also congratulate her on her efforts to reach a consensus , which is a very difficult job . compito
firstly , the commission has just sent the council a communication entitled ' towards a community framework strategy for sexual equality ' , also a proposal for a council decision on a support programme for the community strategy on sexual equality , a proposal for a directive of the european parliament and council modifying directive 67 / 207 / eec on the implementation of the principle of equal treatment for men and women as regards - and this is crucial - access to jobs , training and vocational training and working conditions . occupazione
the two directives were very carefully calculated to ensure that there would not be huge and sudden job losses - approximately 250,000 jobs have been lost in this sector , with more to come - and secondly to allow those member states which had invested heavily in , for example , nuclear energy to do some strategic planning and not leave them with too much in the way of stranded costs . posti
i have said that the job losses were very considerable . posti
i would also like to join in congratulating the rapporteur on an excellent job well done and make two points which have been mentioned by others before . lavoro
in order to justify this strategy of the full liberalisation of the electricity and gas markets , the report sings the praises of the supposed positive effects of competition , namely , reduced production costs , increased job opportunities and even goes as far as to praise its positive macroeconomic effects on the job market . occupazionali
according to the trade unions in the etuc , 300 000 jobs have already been lost and a further 200 000 are threatened . posti
i do not consider that liberalisation will have negative implications for employment , for the lower cost of energy will allow companies more room for development and create a greater number of jobs than are lost with the end of the monopolies . lavoro
their future lies largely in their own hands , however , it is also our job to give them every opportunity to achieve their aims .  
as far as principles are concerned , this is a violation of the right to the freedom of movement and , from a more human point of view , it creates an often devastating situation for students who have sought to better their qualifications but then cannot find a relevant job at the end of it . occupazione
we clearly could have taken things a stage further , as will undoubtedly be inevitable for other jobs , and i hope that progress can be achieved with the assistance of a council that is far less cautious in future . impieghi
the euro system will continue to pursue this forward-looking strategy in order to maintain an environment of stable prices , which is also conducive to sustained economic growth and job creation in the euro area . posti
it would thereby undermine confidence , raise risk premia in interest rates and damage the prospects for economic growth and job creation . posti
the claim that the international standing of the euro and its weakness against the dollar are due to delays in making the necessary structural changes at the expense of the job , goods and services markets and to delays in advancing on the public sector of the economy , dismantling employment relations and abolishing the labour , social and insurance rights of workers has caused a public outrage . lavoro
we could even forgive it all that , because conservatism and perhaps even a little dogmatism go with the job of central banking . innate
in this the consumer organisations have a very big and important job , and women ' s organisations must also be taken into account , as women need information on this . ruolo
no , this is really a job that needs to be successfully handled at local level . compito
this is a fundamental requirement if we are really to take our job of scrutinising the commission ' s actions seriously . mandato
mr president , on a point of order : as chairman of the environment committee i would just point out that the rapporteur 's job is to present the report of the committee . compito
we need a community patent in order to stimulate innovation , which is a key factor for growth , competitiveness and job creation in europe . posti
i should like to begin by saying that this is an exceptionally good maiden report by our new colleague mrs hieronymi , who also did a truly first-class job in hammering out compromises in committee with our socialist colleagues and with the greens and liberals . hieronymi
nor can it really serve to unlock the full potential of the audiovisual industry to create jobs and , of course , to produce a critical mass of cultural content . posti
from a structural point of view , greater investment was necessary in the audiovisual sector to create fresh job opportunities for young unemployed europeans and to stem the european union brain drain to third countries , particularly the united states of america , where greater investment leads not only to better working conditions but also greater job opportunities . lavoro
finally , considering development of investment in the european cinema industry to be extremely important , the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy calls upon the member states to pursue a policy of making sums reinvested for the creation of new jobs tax-deductible , and stresses the importance of establishing a guarantee fund as one of the measures necessary for the development of the independent audiovisual industry which encourages new talent and develops a cultural content of european tradition . posti
by 2005 , the audiovisual sector should have been responsible for creating over 300 000 highly qualified jobs . posti
mr president , as you know , the commission sets great store by the european parliament ' s opinion , especially with the culture council coming up on 20-21 july , because it is my job to let the ministers know the views of the european parliament . compito
there have been estimates that in the next two years we will require half a million extra people in it jobs . posti
i would appeal to the commission and to the council if they were here - they ignore the petitions committee , as well as ignoring parliament - to give the resources that are necessary for these bodies to do their job . compito
ladies and gentlemen , finally , i would like once again to congratulate the ombudsman , mr söderman , on the work which he is doing , on the significant increase in his actions and his work , on his cooperation , although he sometimes makes criticisms , but that is his job and his role , and we in the commission understand that . opera
by way of example , i must tell you that in some countries , not even a minimum period of recuperation is allowed for the mother , which the experts say should be around 45 days for a normal birth for a woman working in a normal job . lavoro
in our opinion , this report should also embrace the right to return back to work to the same or an equivalent job after maternity leave . funzione
employers will need to demonstrate that any dismissal or change of job is not linked to pregnancy . lavoro
we know that many lose their jobs when they become pregnant . licenziate
society must care for working women in particular by ensuring that they remain in their jobs . lavoro
the incorporation of women into the workplace is a reality which cannot be reversed and women cannot be put in a situation of having to chose between having children and keeping their job because of the complications which a pregnancy may entail . lavoro
but we also confirm our concern to help more women into jobs rather than putting up further barriers to female employment . lavoro
the journalists were prevented from doing their job and were beaten up , thrown to the ground and arrested . funzioni
it is vital to replace the thousands of jobs destroyed by the floods . posti
for example , it is not true that competition has reduced prices and created jobs in great britain . occupati
in the 4-5 years since electricity was privatised , prices have increased substantially , jobs have been lost and there is no longer a national , long-term electricity development programme . cinque
elsewhere , the same report admits that jobs have been lost as a result of liberalisation , but considers that new jobs will be created in non-productive sectors , on the stock exchange , in advertising , in financial services and so forth ma
we wish to point out and highlight the risks inherent in a strict prohibition on dismissal , especially under the present , extended regime of generalised atypical employment contracts and the indirect exclusion of pregnant women from jobs , a regime in which we need not just to maintain and consolidate but to increase maternity leave , define the maternity allowance more clearly and apply strict and more substantive controls on night work by pregnant and breastfeeding working women . gestanti
i applaud the view expressed by the commissioner that we all share the task of selling this historic challenge but i deplore the fact that someone as pre-eminent as commissioner verheugen , at least according to a number of newspapers today , should say the member states should not leave the commission to do the dirty job alone . lavoro
nor can we accept amendment no 35 or part of amendment no 40 on the expansion of decentralised cooperation so long as we do not have the necessary human resources to do the job in a responsible and effective way , but forms of decentralised cooperation will be pursued where possible within existing regional cooperation programmes . lavoro
enough staff to do the job is one of the key principles underlying the commission 's efforts to reform its external assistance services . lavoro
and i believe that this would allow the person to do their job even more successfully . lavoro
we endorse the legislative proposal as a stopgap measure until the end of 2001 , because we do not deny that , according to the figures published , 34 000 firms have been involved as partners , creating over 1 300 joint ventures and 42 000 jobs . posti
mr president , as somebody keen on helping countries to create jobs and transfer technology , i have to say that the ecip programme is extremely good and , in principle , that was the objective . posti
i feel very strongly that such investment projects should be very carefully thought out with input from industry and bankers so that maximum jobs are created where they are needed and where there is wide coverage and public accountability and transparency . posti
according to the external evaluation it has been subjected to , the ecip has demonstrated a significant multiplier effect , creating jobs and joint ventures . posti
wealth creation and the generation of jobs by means of companies financed through community funds must benefit those populations in need . posti
as with other programmes , the commission has not looked into the consequences of a possible end to this programme , the implications for the continuity of actions already undertaken or for the situation affecting partner businesses and jobs . posti
more than 1 300 new companies have been set up , generating 42 000 jobs , and investment flows to the tune of eur 3 500 million have been created . posti
they are typical of the problems we face , namely insufficient resources to do the job wedded to overly restrictive practices and procedures . lavoro
i wish we could act more rapidly , but to do the job properly we need a bit more time . lavoro
mr president , the rapporteur , mr imbeni , has done an excellent job . lavoro
echo does not have the necessary human resources to do the job of a planning headquarters . compito
i understand very well what a great job all councillors do . lavoro
experience has shown that these delegations are not always up to their real job , which is to implement community programmes and agreements and monitor them on the ground . mandato
it would appear that this job has now taken second place to other considerations , with commission representatives too busy trying to obtain officially the usurped title of ambassador to oversee the proper implementation of the programmes which they are responsible for applying . missione
what will be the content of their jobs in ten years ' time if the eu continues on its present course ? ministri
but parliament has already made it clear in its guidelines that the issue of job creation is very close to our hearts , and that one of our first priorities in internal policy is to fight unemployment in europe . incentivo
accordingly , not only did the council declare , in the course of the conciliation procedure , that it was willing to support our job creation initiative through suitable instruments for small and medium-sized enterprises , we have also agreed to come to an understanding , in the course of the budgetary procedure , on an amount within the meaning of number 33 of the interinstitutional agreement , which we intend to use to achieve our goal . posti
for the benefit of colleagues i should perhaps explain that a quango is a recently-coined english word short for " quasi non-governmental organisation " , in other words , a new piece of bureaucracy , more money spent , more jobs for the boys , more patronage for their bosses . posti
however , in terms of the social dialogue at european level , both sides of industry in europe are already heavily involved in two aspects of community action : coordination of economic policies , and the effort to implement the european strategy for jobs . occupazione
as regards the efforts to strengthen the european strategy for jobs , when the employment guidelines are revised in 2001 , both sides of industry , including those at national level , will be invited to play a more important role in their definition , and in implementing and evaluating the guidelines which fall within their scope . occupazione
clearly this agreement is extremely important to the countries of the south ; after all , the southern fisheries agreements are directly responsible for 13 000 jobs in spain and portugal , among others . posti
and i should like to congratulate mr wilson on the job he has done in presenting a report under the difficult circumstances in which this debate has taken place . riuscito
they have therefore shifted the responsibility over to brussels , which is now forced to do their dirty work behind closed doors that is the real job of europe today . funzione
i know you are well aware how crucial it is for europe to lead in the two important spheres of third generation mobile telephones and digital television and i hope that you will continue your efforts to keep that lead , which is so crucial to jobs , employment and prosperity in the european union . posti
mr president , i would like to take up what mary read had to say in her intervention , when she discussed the impact on jobs and employment . posti
it has brought about rapid advances in technology , which , at the end of the day , will lead to an increase in jobs , even high-quality jobs in the major sectors . lavoro
the socialists are of the view that such issues are too important for the future of medicine , biology and human society , and because they are so important , this parliament should carry out a more thorough job than a resolution adopted at top speed . lavoro
the aviation sector is responsible for some jobs but it should not be forgotten that making aviation pay its way in terms of taxation will create thousands of jobs in other sectors . posti
i would like to assist honourable members by pointing out the following information : air transport is responsible for generating 25 million direct jobs world-wide . posti
in the united kingdom alone aviation is responsible for supporting nearly 500 000 jobs . posti
at the same time , it provides the basis for jobs and businesses in many parts of the european union . posti
it is our job to set a broad legislative framework in the public interest . compito
we are living in a europe that is increasingly closer to its citizens and therefore we cannot omit to concern ourselves with employment , as employment , together with health , is one of the main concerns of the citizens and , i dare say , especially of those who are unemployed because they have lost their job or perhaps never had one . perduto
we should ask the question whether those who are working in the hidden economy , working on the black market or , to use the most common term , carrying out undeclared work , really have an adequate job ? lavoro
in germany , for example , work is being lost due to illegal employment and , for every ten thousand jobs , dm 240 million is lost in taxes and social security contributions . posti
jobs cannot be safeguarded in this way . nor can new ones be created . NULL
i happen to believe that the performance on the pitch which we are discussing , in other words the job performance , is no longer proportionate to current remuneration levels . lavorative
if fifa had done its job , the commission would not have needed to get involved in this . fifa
so i think that everyone has a job to do here . lavoro
it should be our job to give sport a new role in a changed society , with new and modern technical and medical facilities , and in this way to preserve its values . compito
this means a way of sharing out the world markets that gives priority to the more profitable areas and leads to unfair pricing , quite apart from job losses and job insecurity for hundreds of thousands of workers . posti
unless this is achieved , unless the slide towards a form of apartheid in fiji , where indo-fijians who comprise nearly half the population are rapidly becoming second-class citizens , driven from their homes and jobs , is stopped , then we should demand support for sanctions against the current government . posti
these competitors need the same land , the same jobs and the same houses , whilst everything is in short supply . professioni
obviously , education for the integration of immigrants is not the same as training for new qualifications , training for a first job or retraining , or many other types . impiego
from the point of view of people trying to do the job , these challenges , at very short notice and with very little explanation of how applications are to be made and what criteria are to be applied , can do at least as much harm as good . intraprendono
i appeal to the commission to look favourably on a research programme into the use and development of aptitude tests to identify at an early stage - 12 or 13 years old at the latest - what a young person is going to be good at , no matter what that profession , occupation or job may be . lavoro
the person responsible for the safety of the site is obliged to carry out a risk assessment and to ensure that checks on safety equipment used by everyone with access to the site , regardless of their job , employment status or length of service , have been carried out . funzione
when meps have to rack their brains over matters such as the physical constitution of europeans , in order to establish standards for the average size of tractor seat , or the conditions under which panicled tomatoes - the austrian word is rispenparadeiser - can enter the market , this shows an mep ' s job description , but also the raison d ' être of the european institutions , in a poor light , to say nothing of the fact that such detailed provisions and over-regulation can become counter-productive . operato
rapidly increasing exports of non-annex 1 processed products alone represent 25 % of total exports of products from the food and agricultural sector as a whole , and 2.5 million jobs , widely distributed among the different countries of europe , depend upon this single sector . posti
the cuts are damaging to eu industry and they will destroy the competitive advantage of our agri-foodstuffs sector and they will destroy jobs . posti
to conclude , i should simply like to thank mr souchet for the tremendous job he has done , which we greatly appreciate . lavoro
in many heavily agricultural regions , jobs are already thin on the ground , so it is precisely those companies that should be able to cope with this type of regulation and should , in that sense , be given more attention . caratterizzate
as we know , the parties of the extreme right build themselves up by exploiting social problems , job insecurity and unemployment .  
in europe , we must make massive investments in education , prevention and combating job insecurity , and we must reaffirm the fact that non-european residents have the same rights as european residents .  
mr president , i requested the floor before just to say that mrs ludford has done a very good job as rapporteur for this report , which has been discussed in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs in more than one meeting . eccellente
we are convinced that it is not at eu level that legislation on , for example , how ladders are to be used in jobs above ground- or floor-level is best enacted . lavori
how scaffolding is to be erected and jobs carried out must be decided in the light of national conditions . nazionale
e-commerce offers the member states of the european union hitherto undreamed-of possibilities in terms of creating jobs for the professionally qualified . posti
the things that force workers increasingly to accept just any old job are this economy of yours , unemployment , and poverty . lavoro
unfortunately , the european parliament report under discussion goes in completely the wrong direction ; it basically backs employers and calls for even more neo-liberal measures on the job market , ostensibly in order to wipe out undeclared work . lavoro
mr president , risk capital is essential for job creation , since between 80 % and 90 % of funds raised from venture capital goes towards hiring people . posti
although progress has been made , it is also less focused on the high growth and job creation sectors of information technology , biotechnology and healthcare . lavoro
this is particularly necessary given that efficient risk capital markets play a very important role in creating jobs on the one hand , and on the other , in increasing productivity , in financing rapidly growing companies and in creating new businesses . posti
the report indicates that 66 % of all jobs in the community are in smes and that 80 % to 90 % of funding secured through venture capital is used to hire staff . occupazione
we must use all the financial instruments at our disposal to rapidly develop the market and to increase the volume of risk capital investment in the eu , so that risk capital is put to use in a way that genuinely creates jobs , thus benefiting all stakeholders . occupazionali
investing in new business start-ups will also create jobs . posti
mr president , i welcome this report on risk capital , because i agree that it represents an opportunity to obtain essential funding for research , development , production and market penetration for new products , which in turn can , of course , create more jobs . posti
if the european union wishes to establish itself as the most economically dynamic region in the world , as was decided at the lisbon summit , it must ensure that investments , particularly in smes , which create jobs and which support growth sectors , are given the necessary funding . posti
but the job has been done and i should like at this stage - with your permission - to thank very much the head of our delegation , mr méndez de vigo , for his personal commitment . opera
are free education and free access to a job centre fundamental rights on the same footing as the right to life or human dignity ? collocamento
i believe that we must not forget , quite simply , that some member states - it is not my job to name them - have already had to overcome considerable resistance and reluctance in getting this text accepted , which is why i am being , if not prudent , then at least patient , as i believe is necessary . delatore
at lisbon the special european council stated that " efficient risk capital markets play a major role in innovative high growth smes and the creation of new and sustainable jobs " . posti
will there be waves of immigrants and what impact will this have on job markets ? lavoro
our job here today is to speed up the process whereby we can begin to discuss these issues . il
it is our job to continue to support latvia with the integration of the russian population . compito
thirdly : supplementary measures , such as training people , social protection and hence social stability , and an active job market policy are also extremely important . lavoro
for the job market and employment policy , that means that member states bordering candidate countries need flexible , intelligent transitional arrangements in the first stage for the free movement of workers , especially border commuters , but only until such time as the difference in the standard of living in the candidate countries has improved to the point at which no migrationary movements or unrest are expected . lavoro
even in countries such as lithuania , where there is an economic upturn , it is not women , but men , who get to fill the jobs in the private sector . posti
for where are the millions of jobs promised by the maastricht treaty ? posti
now is the time to do the job and it must be done with every fibre of our being . impiegando
my job was to consider the framework directive on employment and occupation , which will lead to major changes in company practice . incaricato
job applicants who come from socially disadvantaged families or urban backgrounds or who are disabled are often not accepted . personale
article 9 of the draft directive states that persons who consider themselves discriminated against , whether as unsuccessful job applicants or as dismissed workers , can seek legal remedy . leso
the committee on employment and social affairs voted by a large majority in favour of the compromise under which different treatment does not represent discrimination in cases where religion and belief are major requirements for the performance of a job . professione
they have done an excellent job . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , both rapporteurs have done an excellent job , for which i want to thank them here on behalf of my group . lavoro
employers will now have to be clear and transparent in all aspects of their employment policy and practice and able to justify the choices they make on the basis of the real job requirements . lavoro
it is important that , while we recognise the desire of organisations based on a particular religion or belief to employ people who share their views , it is also right that this desire should not become a reason to deny employment to people who are perfectly qualified to carry out a job which is not directly connected to that belief and who conduct themselves appropriately while at work . compito
there are very few jobs where having a particular belief system is an essential qualification . lavorative
how is it possible to think that a job applicant , rejected in such circumstances , has the same resources as a firm , especially a large undertaking , to defend himself and prove that he has indeed been a victim of discrimination ? lavoro
it might simply mean lowering a light switch by a metre but , for the wheelchair user it makes the difference between a job or no job . lavoro
i would like to clarify that the valuation of the economic impact in smes is not just the work or job of a civil servant . compito
it is important , however , that institutions which do not employ an internal auditor take the job of internal audit seriously . revisore
here too the commission faced the new director with a fait accompli by simply transferring the entire team of the former uclaf task force to olaf , even though it was clear that some of the officials were totally unqualified for the job . compito
it is our job to do something , and indeed we have already tried to introduce this kind of protection of minors with our first " television without frontiers " directive . dovere
we do not intend to replace anyone who is doing a good job at national level , but we do want to introduce common criteria and minimum requirements at community level and propose rules that help people effectively to implement measures to protect minors in their country . dovere
so what we are doing today is just a small part of the job that society as a whole has to perform . lavoro
that is why we should do both , do our job as politicians and urge society to do its bit . compito
but , all other things being equal , i think it is the job of parents to prevent their children from seeing that sort of thing at home . compito
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is our declared aim to make europe into the most competitive and dynamic knowledge society in the world , an economic area that is able to achieve sustained economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
in order to achieve full employment , therefore , we need to have positive policies directed at women , which will consist both of creating jobs and of preparing women for the new jobs - information society , new technologies - in which they can play an entirely equal role to men . lavoro
some problem areas : women often have two jobs , unemployment is higher among women , childcare has deteriorated , there are too few women in decision-making positions , violence against women is on the increase in many candidate countries and several candidate countries are at the centre of the increasing trade in women . lavoro
it would appear that it is getting harder for young families to take advantage of the rights that have been guaranteed them by law , as competition in the job market has become so fierce . professionale
in this area therefore , the council , especially its men , has a tremendously important job to do in leading europe in the fight against the mafia that trades in women , for this slave trade is not something that responsible politicians can push aside , shrug off or ignore . compito
women are forced into temporary work , they are far more exposed to insecure jobs and unemployment , and on average they are paid 30 % less than men . impieghi
it is manifestly clear from the justification for the amendment that the purpose is also to interfere in provisions on age that apply in member states , which , in any case , are fully justified for reasons of psychological development , and they do not have any kind of impact in the job market . professionale
with regard to disability , the principle of equal treatment entails the identification and removal of barriers in the way of persons with disabilities who , with reasonable accommodation , are able to perform the essential functions of a job . lavoro
moreover , women are often in ' flexible ' jobs ; temporary contracts and low salaries are typical in sectors where women employees are in a majority . posti
women are also over-represented in ' typically female ' occupations but under-represented in jobs with responsibility and in the professions . posti
we do not consider that everything is a mess in greece ; there are some very good ships and the overwhelming majority of greek seamen are very good at their job . lavoro
in other words , in the present case , if the right inspections were carried out and the right certificates issued for the ship , if the life-jackets were in the right places , if the crew was doing its job . dovere
it is the commission ' s job to monitor the practical application of this legal framework within its remit as set out in the treaty . compito
the committee on women ' s rights maintains that the social agenda must focus all its ideas and projects on the qualitative and quantitative participation in the job market of women of all ages and from all social strata and must therefore give priority to any measures which facilitate access to work , the sort of measures to which we refer in our opinion , such as making it easier to combine professional and family lives or other personal choices . lavoro
it is a false line of reasoning to set quantity off against quality , and lisbon clearly established a twofold objective : more jobs and better jobs . occupazione
existing directives must be simplified and adapted to technical progress , but practical proposals must also be made on emerging risks or dangerous jobs . posti
implementing the ambitions for society declared in lisbon calls for an effort on the part of the community , an action plan to create jobs in services , especially those related to the information society . posti
these three examples intended to combat poverty , support the development of activities for job creation , social liaison and quality of life , and to improve employees ' rights , should harness the support of a parliament that is anxious to propagate the dream of a europe of the citizens , although these same citizens currently all too often feel that europe is a machine commercialising all human activity . occupazione
otherwise , the commission will have to propose legislative instruments and the council will have to approve the measures needed , specifically by amending macroeconomic policies and the stability pact , in order to give credibility to our fight against poverty and social exclusion and to our efforts to defend good quality jobs with respectable salaries and to advocate reforms that give employees dignity . posti
it is going to enable women to continue in their jobs without neglecting their family obligations . lavoro
neither can we forget what the e-europe initiative means for new jobs , new technologies and the information society , where i think women have an important role to play . posti
these are new jobs where people can work from home with regulations that help to reconcile working life with family life . posti
i think that what we are endeavouring to achieve through the employment strategy , by strengthening and enriching it as we progress - because the entire social agenda is a process of dynamic change - is to support competitiveness and entrepreneurship in the european union and flexibility on the job market , alongside security , mobility and new working models , and to support and analyse new social partnership models and the impact of competitiveness and major restructuring on employment and the social state . lavoro
clearly we have a fairly complete legislative system in europe , but changes on the job market , changes in the economy , changes in the environment due to globalisation and the information society are throwing up new requirements . lavoro
first we have to keep our heads , which means that amid all the emotion and horror it is not our job to castigate one side or the other . anatema
that is not the case today , a fact which mr duhamel ' s report does an excellent job of bringing out . magistrale
it also ensures that greater inward investment can take place into this region in an effort to bolster job opportunities for young people growing up in such areas . lavoro
i welcome the recent statement that radical changes are now being implemented by ida ireland in terms of attracting more jobs to the objective 1 region in ireland . lavoro
ida ireland has been reorganising that focus so as to win half of all new jobs from greenfield projects in the objective 1 region over the coming three years . posti
i believe the regional state aid guidelines which have been put in place to help job creation in the objective 1 region can be implemented in their entirety and will redress regional imbalances which exist in ireland and elsewhere . posti
anyone who maintains that part of its job would be to block mergers or halt globalisation , does so for purely polemical reasons . fa
the cheapest jobs , ladies and gentlemen , are those that do not need to be created because they have not been lost . posti
it is better to support activities that already generate jobs than to have to invest vast amounts later in creating new industries . occupazione
i urge the house to see that the ombudsman has adequate staff to do his job properly and the petitions committee has adequate tools to do its job properly . lavoro
they have both done an excellent job for us and i know it is not easy to coordinate the position of others , having been a rapporteur myself . lavoro
support for smes also aims at reducing unemployment , as it is they that create new jobs most effectively . posti
we need more entrepreneurs in europe , who , in their turn , will create more jobs . addetti
who is responsible for alternative jobs in the eu ? posti
i would ask that we be given the flexibility to achieve that possibility , to achieve the jobs , to achieve the employment and to be able to put the people of northern ireland back to work again , back to work in real politics rather than looking into other reasons as to why they may want to disagree with each other . posti
this is what mrs paciotti has done , and i really think our rapporteur has done a truly remarkable job . lavoro
mr president , the rapporteur , mrs sudre , has done a good job on her report on the outermost regions . lavoro
i think that she has done a magnificent job and also that she has shown imagination , calm and a capacity to reach agreements and compromises in order to present a document to this parliament and to the commission which i think can be useful and effective . lavoro
mr president , mr bowis has done an extraordinary job as rapporteur on this major and complicated issue . magistralmente
the best case scenario is that it will work alongside the environmental agency , which does an excellent information job , but which freely admits that the environmental situation in europe has not improved . lavoro
mr president , i too have the pleasure first of all of commending the commission for its white paper on food safety , which is a good proposal , and mr bowis too for having done an excellent job of improving and fine tuning this proposal . lavoro
but a mine is impervious to peace agreements and continues , inexorably , to do its job . funzione
even though 139 states have now signed the ottawa convention , mines are still doing their job of destruction . distruttrice
it is not acceptable or ethical that we are providing jobs or making money with things that kill , maim and injure people . posti
there is nothing to force big firms to create jobs and they can even carry on shedding jobs when they make big profits . lavoro
so , while we voted to endorse the elementary social rights , in abstaining , we have rejected the general policy of complicity with the brutal practices of big business , which , throughout europe , is making workers redundant , holding wages in check , creating more widespread job insecurity and weakening social protection . generalizza
in the five years to come , we will have to create quality jobs , anticipate and manage the adjustments to the new social environment , draw on the opportunities offered by a knowledge-based economy , modernise and improve social protection , promote social inclusion , encourage gender equality , reinforce fundamental rights and combat discrimination . posti
they have done an excellent job . lavoro
we can , and must , adopt effective and innovative solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and at the same time protect our society and our jobs . posti
one is the issue of an eu-wide carbon tax , which i reject both because it encroaches on prerogatives on taxation and because it would drive jobs offshore to non-eu jurisdictions , in my view , and be damaging to our economies . posti
a sector as important in economic , social and strategic terms as this one , particularly for portugal , with considerable scope for job creation and for supporting the rural development of huge areas of the countries of southern europe , deserves special attention , which it is not receiving from the commission . occupazione
our friend and colleague , mr jové peres , has produced an excellent report , which deals with a subject that is both extremely serious and extremely symbolic . it is serious not only because of the numbers involved - almost two million families , or 500 000 jobs are , as we have already heard , affected - but also because , behind the failure of the 1996 reform , there are nevertheless women , men and rural regions which , mr fischler , the european commission has deliberately condemned . posti
madam president , our rapporteur did an excellent job . job
what is the use of integrated coastal zone management , which we will be discussing shortly , when what structurally weak coastal regions need is a new kind of self-image and above all modern jobs ? posti
our rapporteur , mr clegg , has done a good job , making the commission 's proposal clearer and more specific and setting out the necessary conditions for that rapid conclusion of the legislative process which so many of us hope for and for which we too will vote tomorrow . bene
considerable sums have already been awarded to the bosses in this sector , allowing them to diversify into juicy new sectors , while many workers - whose jobs have been eliminated - are still unemployed . lavoro
smes are the major source of job creation , in terms of both quality and quantity , and they play a crucial role in social cohesion and regional planning . posti
here we should not only be helping businesses with a traditional structure , but also public-private partnerships and cooperatives which are increasingly contributing , among other things , to improving stability and creating jobs . posti
in many of the member states , people who set up their own businesses , rather than being viewed as having created at least one job - their own - are sometimes held to be delinquents , profiteers , thieves or tax evaders . lavoro
we need to help to establish a situation in this country which will induce people to stay there , to ensure that security is guaranteed , that there are jobs there and that the people simply do not look for a way out . posti
there are jobs in greece , for example , which , if the albanian immigrants leave , will remain undone , mainly in the agricultural sector . lavori
let us make use of bilateral agreements to define jobs , periods of residency , places of residency , pay , hours , working and national insurance conditions clearly and legally , so that immigrants can prove their strength and help to improve our economies and build friendship and cooperation between peoples , rather than nationalist , cold-war aspirations . lavorative
we agreed that the new form of cooperation thereby established must take account of the interests of both parties and we took note of the fact that morocco considered the potential spin-offs of a new partnership in terms of jobs to be an important element of our cooperation . occupazione
at least 40 000 direct or indirect jobs in the european union depend on this agreement , in areas with no possibility of conversion . posti
the 30 000 jobs directly or indirectly dependent on this agreement may seem few in terms of the european union as a whole , but because they are concentrated in small fishing communities , mainly on the spanish and portuguese coasts , where there is no tradition or potential for economic conversion , the loss of these jobs would spell disaster . NULL
spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which europe and north africa and spain and morocco have suffered during the course of history . verificatisi
as a spanish and andalusian mep , i assert the rights of thousands of andalusian and spanish families to maintain and defend their jobs , which have been endangered for almost a year , and for us also to defend these jobs here in parliament . posti
the tenet of these judgments is unequivocal : the rights of the persons affected to the free movement of labour and the right not to be discriminated against on grounds of nationality had been violated in that italy did not offer the lettori the same terms of employment and job security as italian nationals lecturing at a similar level in universities . lavoro
the injustice is about two people doing the same job , working side by side , but on different pay and under different conditions . mansioni
the commission did its job in bringing the infringement procedure before the european court of justice and the italian state changed the law . lavoro
we have done our job and , in my opinion , our work should be concluded irrespective of the council ' s position . lavoro
the convention did a grand job . lavoro
an extraordinarily fine job has been done . lavoro
i hope that mr martin , who did such a fine job in helping at this convention , will be persuading his colleagues that the time has come not merely to adopt this charter but to make it part of our law , binding upon those who govern us , not merely a proclamation but a binding part of the treaties .  
the charter must become european law if it really is to do its job . funzione
but we do need a constitutional text for europe as quickly as possible , a text for our citizens containing clear , comprehensible statements on europe , telling them what rights they have , where the union has taken over responsibility , what powers the member states should exercise , including in the future , and how europe intends to do its job , with every guarantee that the rule of law will protect their human rights . compiti
article 15 states that " everyone has the right to engage in work " but does not recognise the right to a paid job , lavoro
- ( da ) even if we support the fight against money laundering and can therefore also endorse the need to equip the relevant authorities with the right tools for the job , we cannot vote in favour of mr marinho ' s report . marinho
i am in complete agreement with commission patten that , in order to do a proper practical job , the appropriations must be made available . concreto
i therefore propose , that not only should we leave these people in peace to get on with their job with the gusto and enthusiasm which they have shown so far , not only should we refrain from upsetting the modus operandi of the agency , although we should , of course , make it responsible for the federal republic of yugoslavia and anywhere else it is needed , but we should also ask them to pass their know-how on to other committees whose work , as we all know , is so abysmal , so inefficient and brings in lavoro
i think that it is our job here in parliament to follow up on what the european side generously included in the conclusions , namely cooperation between the european parliament and the parliaments of the countries in asia , following the first asem conference held in strasbourg a few years ago . NULL
but faster transposition into community law of the rules adopted within the regional organisations does not exempt the council and parliament from doing their job of steering the community fisheries policy . funzioni
the commission should concentrate on its own job , which is to monitor and coordinate the implementation of controls in the regional fisheries organisations by the member states . compito
your work is crucial to our job because you are the experts and we then sort out the political problems . risolvere
but i find that the work of the court of auditors has not been done sufficiently well to help us to do our job . dovere
if you the court will not do your job of naming and shaming , then we will have to do it for you . lavoro
i am very happy about that , as the job i had as a new member having come directly to the second reading was not easy . compito
increasing numbers of people are witnessing a drastic reduction in their standard of living through badly paid jobs , unemployment , job insecurity and exclusion . they no longer have the means to take care of themselves properly , or indeed to gain access to the most basic forms of healthcare . lavori
the best way to achieve these objectives is for the state to leave the private sector to get on with its job . lavoro
whilst there are considerable differences between the various member states , the most serious situation is definitely that of portugal , with around 24 % of the population living below the poverty line due primarily to low salaries , insecure and badly paid jobs and pensions and benefits so low that they do not enable workers and their families or the elderly to live with a minimum of dignity . lavori
this is not just a subject for discussion in the committee on employment and social affairs , it is also of concern to us in the committee on economic and monetary affairs , because these 65 million people are not only excluded from access to financial and other resources , because they are not only excluded from social and cultural rights , but because they are also prevented from using their talents to help shape our society and because they are prevented from developing their own talents , gaining additional qualifications and skills and working in jobs they are suited professioni
that is your job , mr president-in-office . compito
in conclusion , i just want to thank commissioner byrne , who i think is doing a good job on this issue . lavoro
today ' s worlds , the society of globalisation and the world economy , the society of information and technological development , may also have a not very positive influence and create , or help to create , new forms of poverty , on account of the intrinsic difficulties in this kind of society in opening up access to employment - to me this is the fundamental route to social integration and inclusion - and because of the need to improve employment and obtain higher-quality jobs . lavoro
growth will take place under conditions inherited from the crisis : a lot of jobs are being created , but there have never been so many insecure jobs , temporary jobs and imposed part-time work . posti
according to the report , this may be true of women with two jobs who therefore work both outside and inside the home . lavoro
it may be true of people with mental difficulties and of large groups of people who do not have a good enough knowledge of the language in order to get jobs . lavoro
if we want there to be more jobs , we must have the courage to liberalise the labour market . posti
however , it also provides us with an historical opportunity to give renewable energy sources , which constantly regenerate themselves - that is wind , hydro , solar and biomass - their proper place in future energy supply . this is for a variety of reasons - environmental reasons , social reasons , because they create jobs , for peace policy reasons , because this energy source has sparked off wars throughout the century , and , lastly , because they also represent a great economic opportunity for the industrialised nations . guerreggiamo
looking at this issue we see only interests , whether they be in the field of securing supplies , protecting the environment , combating the greenhouse effect or creating jobs . posti
mr president , first of all i should like to congratulate mrs rothe on the excellent job she has done with this report and , what is more , on the spirit of consensus she has demonstrated . lavoro
mr president , it is usual to begin a speech by saying thank you for a job well done . lavoro
mrs smet has done a wonderful job and of course we are going to support it . lavoro
we need a legal framework that recognises domestic work , which is given many different names , as a fully fledged job in all member states , and which provides for the implementation of appropriate labour law provisions . titolo
the fact is that there are thousands of women who have been doing all these jobs for years without insurance cover or pension rights .  
many women have been able to obtain a permanent job through this work . lavoro
it may be the job of the council and the commission to uphold such restrictions , but i think it is not in the interests of parliament or the public . forse
moreover , although unemployment is still the main factor behind poverty and exclusion , job insecurity and low pay are nonetheless obstacles to full integration into society .  
the ' working poor ' , most of them women , working part-time , for a pittance and in the most insecure jobs , join the trail of poverty so loftily ignored in the official speeches about economic recovery . ingrossano
quality jobs , health care , housing and education are indeed basic rights , which , if they were binding upon employers and states , would be able to offer protection against social exclusion . NULL
it is the small and medium-sized businesses that create most new jobs and protect existing ones . posti
the hope was also expressed that all other european bodies and institutions will follow the commission 's example and grant job applicants access to their own , corrected test papers . seguano
it is a byword throughout the union that it is difficult to get into jobs unless you are well connected . lavoro
mr president , the job of the european ombudsman was established in the maastricht treaty at the same time as the concept of citizenship of the union was introduced . compiti
the fact that applicants for community institution jobs should see their marked scripts shows that institutions are confident in the way they run their application and selection procedures . incarichi
as a result , there might be job losses in smes . posti
madam president , first of all , i should like to say to the commission that it has done its job well . lavoro
telecom italia is therefore a company which raises its prices and cuts jobs . posti
the officials working in the commission and parliament must be top quality , aware of this and paid accordingly . they must work but they must also receive all the guarantees and prerogatives appropriate to their job . mortificazioni
we would ask that amendments nos 20 and 23 be taken as additions , as in paragraph 10 it would be utter folly to delete the involvement in drawing up the job goals and the personnel development role of the appraisal system . lavorativi
we must bear in mind that the community administration is based on certain principles , which are well established in continental administration , such as the principle of a job for life and stable employment . pubblica
let us give him the political responsibility to do the job . lavoro
we must send out a clear signal to unsafe flag states , to shipowners , including those from the eu who use these flag states , to shippers who can then get cheaper prices , and to classification societies that are not doing their job properly . compito
in short , this job is different from others and entails many more sacrifices than other jobs . lavoro
too many young people are at risk of their first contact with the labour market being a job in the black economy . lavoro
i am willing to consider establishing a derogation for this purpose , lasting three years or so . during this time , companies would be able to make the necessary production and marketing modifications , so that jobs are not needlessly transferred to countries outside the european union . manodopera
i have studied carefully what the commissioner said to my colleague mr hume : " no massive job losses in this sector . posti
if this directive is adopted , 300 jobs will go . posti
gallaher 's will transfer its business to its russian factory and the ceilings will be ignored , but we will have exported 300 jobs . posti
the job losses in gallaher 's will affect workers about 47 years old on average . posti
in northern ireland , if you lose your job at 47 there is not much chance of getting another job . altro
mr president , whilst one cannot but laud the good intentions of members who support this directive , i should point out that the prohibition on the manufacture of tobacco above eu limits will have a significant effect on jobs in my region . occupazione
so , instead of exporting cigarettes we will be exporting jobs - 4 000 of them in my region alone . posti
a community which subsidises this tobacco-growing and then makes it unlawful to sell it , whilst destroying jobs and the lives of ordinary people who rely on revenue from goods which are not even sold in the community , cannot gain the respect of ordinary people . posti
this legal basis , too , is completely worthless in my opinion , and that is why the unions , companies and colleagues here are right to refer to job losses . occupazionali
ten thousand jobs because of the export ban alone , 8 000 of which are in the united kingdom , are at stake . posti
we need to know because thousands of jobs are at stake in darlington , nottingham , southampton and belfast . posti
those jobs could be destroyed very quickly by our misunderstanding and our vote . posti
the arguments which have been presented about possible job losses have been carefully weighed against the certainty that if we act otherwise we would be exporting a product not considered good enough for community citizens . posti
i might also mention that the figures put forward for potential job losses were already an issue when the original directives now being recast were proposed over ten years ago . posti
if we implement the action lines described in the charter on smes and help smes to apply new technologies , we shall , i think , have found a way of creating jobs . occupazione
meeting parliament half way would not have come amiss here and would have saved us some work , although i have no objection to the work because what i want for the future is an efficient european court of justice which can do its job and , more importantly , clear the backlog of translation work . compiti
i should also like to thank mrs schreyer , who has continued to help us with her highly constructive approach and , of course , my friend jutta haug , who has done an excellent job , not forgetting joan colom i naval and markus ferber . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , i should like to begin by congratulating our colleague , the general rapporteur jutta haug , on the way in which she has done her job , which has contributed immensely to the constructive atmosphere in which our work has been carried out in committee and in parliament in general . lavoro
i would also particularly like to thank mr wynn , who , i believe is seeing out his first full year as chairman of the committee on budgets during a budgetary procedure , and i think he has made an outstanding job of it . lavoro
which is why safeguarding and regenerating the environment is a job which has to be done at european community level . compito
now , at the end of this century , at the end of the 1990s , europe is speaking with one voice , europe is the biggest civil reconstructor in the balkans , bigger than the united states , and is doing a good job ; through its budget and its policy it really did help to make peaceful revolution possible in serbia . lavoro
foreign states are becoming more important to us and we hope that , with the new posts provided , the commission will do the job which we expect it to do . compito
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to begin by congratulating mrs maij-weggen on the excellent job she has done . lavoro
if eu money does not arrive on time , people lose their jobs . lavoro
we cannot close our eyes to reality : when there is a takeover there is staff restructuring , redundancies and so on , in short , measures which affect jobs . occupazione
mr president , first i want to welcome the work mr lehne has done and the fact that he took up this whole job again . lavoro
i will have a hard job persuading the people in my country , but i am firmly convinced that the harmonisation of the right of resale , on the basis of the ep 's proposals , will bring benefits to all concerned . opera
but london , the centre of the art market in europe , will disproportionately suffer if much of the trade goes off-shore to geneva or the united states , unilaterally exporting british jobs with it , unless an international regime is put into place to eliminate global market distortion . posti
i wish to inform the house of the news of the closure of a car factory in luton in the united kingdom , with the loss of many thousands of jobs . posti
in response to mr ferber and his contention that postal companies do not have an obligation to create jobs , i agree with him , but believe that we have a responsibility to create an environment where companies like postal companies can deliver a good , efficient , universal postal service and to ensure that the jobs thereby provided are good-quality jobs . posti
there will be job losses . posti
i am sorry , mr ferber , i am concerned about job losses and the effect they will have . posti
we must remember that the postal services and , in general , logistics must in the coming years be one of the fundamental bases for the development of the new economy and that , if we adopt defensive tactics to protect the status quo , defending the major interests of monopolies and unions , then thousands of jobs will be threatened . posti
whether the new providers create jobs and the number and quality of such jobs cannot be a matter of indifference to us , nor can the number and nature of the jobs that are to be preserved by the traditional providers of postal services . essere
account ought also to be taken of indicators to the contrary , such as the liberalisation of postal services in sweden , and of subsidiary aspects such as the quality of post office jobs and the symbolic value of the post office . posti
the effects of the first directive have not been made public , for the consequences are obvious : job losses and poorer working conditions , public services of varying quality throughout europe , especially in rural areas and working class districts . occupazione
the monopoly of postal services would cause them to ossify and lose volume which would lead to losses of jobs . posti
i conclude by congratulating the rapporteur , mr dary , on the excellent job he has done . lavoro
when these companies in my member state , in my constituency , were confronted with 100 % import tariffs by the us , at one point it could have led to the closure of the cashmere industry in the borders of scotland , with a potential loss of 4000 jobs . posti
the decision made will cost jobs in northern ireland . posti
we have no right to dictate to others what they do in their countries outside the eu , nor is it wise to export jobs from the eu to third countries where they will simply produce and sell the products and take over our existing markets . posti
above all , i am concerned by the very real risk to jobs of over 1 000 people employed at the bat factory in southampton . southampton
so this move will not lead to healthier cigarettes being smoked - but simply to export jobs from europe . posti
so i voted for freedom - jobs . posti
the amendments that mr zimmerling has tabled will deal a death blow to the vitality to the european art market , with loss of jobs and , i fear , very few living artists benefiting from this resale right . posti
i see my job as a member of the european parliament as not just to look after those banana producers within the european union but all the people in europe . funzioni
jobs are being lost within the european union because of 100 % tariffs on products . posti
finally , such measures would ruin the competitiveness of the european industry vis-à-vis the rest of the world and would also cause massive job losses . posti
for example , in vaasa , the city i mentioned , 550 jobs have been lost in the last two years in the travel and tourism industry alone , which may have been the result of stopping duty-free sales . posti
seeing that the americans are not yet out of our sight , europe can meet this challenge by focusing on this sector : let us not forget the potential for job creation and economic growth in such a huge and rapidly developing sector , provided we create the right environment for growth . posti
commissioner liikanen , by the year 2003 we shall probably have 1.7 million job vacancies in the information society in europe which cannot be filled , and i believe that this in itself makes it essential that we devote the utmost attention to the question of digital content . posti
so there is a huge gap that we must close as soon as possible , because we shall not only create jobs by installing transmitters , by the way we link them together and by the way we develop software ; we shall also have to become prolific producers of digital content . posti
the programme therefore presents us with two opportunities : firstly it can help us to secure existing jobs and to create new ones , and secondly it offers us a unique opportunity to exploit to the full that cultural diversity which our language barriers have always prevented us from sharing and to ensure that it benefits everyone . posti
we cannot sanction job losses and further office closures , even if this is carried out in " a gradual and controlled way " . NULL
however , i repudiate the insinuations made by those who advocate forced liberalisation with no regard for the loss of people 's quality of life and jobs , who seek to present me and the honourable members who share my view as acting on behalf of the post-office lobby which is intent on preserving its monopoly . posti
we can only be delighted at such an initiative knowing as we do that the value of european digital content represents 5 % of the european gdp and provides four million jobs . posti
but could it have been any other way when we see dossiers such as the tobin tax , tax havens , maritime safety or even the fight against unemployment and job insecurity unable to progress beyond being declarations of intent or virtual projects , which have neither the resources nor the agenda to be implemented ? lavoro
i particularly agree with his consideration that regional policy instruments should be directed towards sustainability , strengthening economic and social cohesion and , above all , creating skilled , economically viable , lasting jobs . posti
as we all know , unemployment in the european union is concentrated in the least economically and technologically developed regions , especially objective 1 areas , and it is necessary that innovative measures should not just simply be technological in nature but that they should also be governed by an explicit desire for economic development and job creation . occupazionale
in this context , the erdf must also continue to perform its function of supporting the construction of modern infrastructure and the creation of businesses as necessary conditions for the development of the new economy and , indeed , the job creation associated with it . posti
at least 10 000 jobs are at stake , with the united kingdom poised to bear the brunt of the cuts . NULL
and i do not believe that we are exaggerating because the different workers ' groups have been claiming that over recent years thousands and thousands of jobs have been lost as a result of the restructuring of the shipbuilding industry . posti
i believe that there are various countries such as spain , germany , italy , greece and portugal which , within the council , and despite the final decision , have asked that aid be continued , and we feel that this aid should be continued in one way or another if we do not wish , once again , to lose thousands of jobs in shipbuilding . posti
for my part , i am against all forms of subsidy for private firms and in favour of governments using the money saved to create jobs directly , especially in the public services and , more to the point , without generating private profit . posti
but in order to achieve that , so that the process may consolidate the shipbuilding industry and its jobs and calm the fears of the families which depend on it , aid will still be necessary beyond 31 december 2000 , because the market situation is not one of equality , but of unfairness and of dumping . posti
i therefore call for the defence of the sector , combining the objectives demanded by the european union with the survival of the industry , making it stronger , more dynamic and more competitive , thereby creating jobs and wealth . posti
one cannot help but see all this as some sort of strange put-up job and i should like to say to tunisia that , even if europe appears to be turning its back on it , france shall continue to treat it as one of its main partners . macchinazione
unfair competition could help destroy good shipbuilding environments and lead to the loss of know-how and jobs ; in the long term it could result in a monopoly situation , which would not be beneficial to world trade . posti
this means , then , that we have to take account of how the job market works for different people . lavoro
how do we support older people so that they can remain in the job market for longer ? lavoro
i am very pleased with the emphasis in the report on reviewing the tax and benefit schemes to provide incentives to take up job offers : this is an initiative that is welcome . posti
the shortage of employees in a growing economy puts pressure on older people to stay in their jobs for longer . continuino
they are harassed at work , with the result that , in the end , they give in and allegedly retire from their job voluntarily . lavoro
they accepted payments - the whole of society was therefore involved - and older workers retired , but younger workers were not taken on and many jobs were shed . posti
as it happens , it concerns the policy of a large food processing company which has recently achieved financial results described by the president of the company himself as excellent , and which , at the same time , decided to shed 3 000 jobs and to close several sites in various member states of the european union . posti
after that , at 6.30 p.m. , there is the vote on this report , which affects the jobs of four million employees in europe and competition in this industry and other related industries . lavoro
in my opinion , if we have to debate a report like this one , which affects the jobs of four million people , at 5.30 p.m. , then the plan for thursday ' s sitting has run up against very big problems as a result of the friday sittings being discontinued . costringe
the desire for quality monitoring in education has opened up the door to this large european community and to the job market of this european community . quality monitoring has thus increasingly become a common area of concern . lavoro
the primary purpose of education is not to prepare people for the job market but to prepare them for a life which is fulfilling in every way . lavoro
we only have to look at what happens to those who are thrown out of work or who are excluded from the job market . lavoro
ladies and gentlemen , together with the ministers for education , we are making these proposals on quality analysis to enable us to give this opportunity to all young people , because if they receive a high quality education then it is likely that they will be able to do well in society and be able to find a job . lavoro
control without referring back to errors detected previously is a job half-done . lavoro
once again , i thank the rapporteur and congratulate her on a job well done . ottimo
i have to say that the commission is doing a truly creditable job on this in sarajevo and bosnia and herzegovina in general . lavoro
some 9 000 people from cross-community groups have been involved in these projects for creating jobs in northern ireland and some 5 000 people have been involved in the cross-border projects . lavoro
it has done an outstanding job and i welcome the positive response in the report to it . NULL
the fund has committed in excess of £ 400 million which has triggered an investment of £ 1.2 billion creating 38 000 jobs for 150 projects right across the border countries and northern ireland . posti
we are simply doing our job . lavoro
the next item is the report ( a5-0335 / 2000 ) by mr bushill-matthews , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the report from the commission to the european parliament and the council : growth and employment initiative - measures on financial assistance for innovative and job creating small- and medium sized enterprises ( smes ) - as at 31 december 1999 [ com ( 2000 ) 266 - c5-0507 / 2000 - 2000 / 2245 ( cos ) ] . posti
we need clarification on which of the three facilities - start-up capital , guarantees , or joint ventures - have achieved the best results , in which states and which sectors companies were set up , whether the small enterprises had access to foreign capital too , or whether statements originating from sme circles are correct , according to which , more than 50 000 new jobs were created simply by means of interest subsidies to the value of eur 100 million , which age groups are especially required , and to what extent women were involved . posti
small businesses are important not just for jobs but also for trade in this european union . occupazione
they are particularly important in terms of job creation amongst disadvantaged groups in the labour market . posti
we will be supporting all of the amendments to the effect that bank guarantees behind venture capital are still far too strict , far too conservative and actually prevent entrepreneurs from creating jobs in the uk and in other european countries . posti
that being the case , in fact nobody but the eib knows which smes are receiving support for precisely which projects , and how many jobs are being created in the process . posti
rumour has it that essentially , the asap serves to strengthen the european risk capital market for information and communication , genetic engineering and starting up new businesses , and that the job creation aspect is not actually examined in greater detail or assessed . lavoro
i therefore find the assessment presented here of the effects of the programme on actual job creation particularly interesting . posti
whoever undertakes a free initiative creates at least one job - his own - and often employs family members and other people as well . lavoro
we must take on board the fact that the era when people stayed in the same job all their lives has passed , that we must change our perception of employment and that the sector of small and medium-sized industry and craft trades will provide increasingly realistic job opportunities for our young people and for the future european citizens . reinventarsi
support and venture capital while a company is being set up are enormously important for the creation of jobs , as , according to certain studies , smes use as much as 80 % to 90 % of venture capital market resources in taking on staff . posti
the commission should submit proposals on project management , develop best practice methods , introduce benchmarks , on the basis of which it will be possible to examine how much time elapses between the first application and the successful creation of jobs . it also needs to monitor payment flows , and finally , promote the entire strategy in the public arena . posti
when it comes to pr , one idea would be to have a ' young entrepreneur of the year ' prize , awarded to the entrepreneur who has created the most jobs in absolute terms and in percentage figures . posti
luxembourg firms are fighting against additional expenditure and additional costs , and so jobs are at risk . lavoro
those who look for a job over the border within the european internal market need legal certainty in a united europe , particularly in the sphere of social legislation . lavoro
they receive no compensation , on the other hand , for the loss of their job , i.e. the loss of their future wages , even though there are attempts to guarantee that creditors will receive compensation for the sums they are owed , in other words their capital , the source of their future income . lavoro
they are the ones that should be compensated first and foremost for the loss of their jobs . lavoro
the same goes for funding and support of the arts and craft industry , a sector which creates many jobs , as long as it is not suffocated by unrealistic pernickety regulations , as has been possible for market traders . posti
i said : " it is such an enjoyable job ! capitato
· in addition to the aforementioned , it is clear from all the eu programmes on smes that big business is keen to ' offload ' ( on to smes ) the jobs which it is forced to abolish as it increases its exploitation of the working classes , helped by technological progress . posti
sadly our own environment agency does not appear to be up to the job yet . compito
i am going to focus , naturally , on mine , the one for which i am the rapporteur , but first i should like to congratulate mr poignant and mr gallagher and also mr cunha on the magnificent job they have done . lavoro
the activities of the sector usually generate a great many jobs both up and downstream , making many regions dependent on fisheries , with no easy alternatives to turn to in times of crisis . posti
the cfp is in need of very far-reaching changes that will provide solutions for a fishing industry which , unlike the rules which govern it and even despite them , has managed to survive and has done everything it can to evolve and continue to provide coastal regions with wealth and jobs . occupazione
mr president , the socio-economic importance of the fishing industry is well known , not only for the jobs that it creates directly and indirectly , but also for the economic development of many fishing regions and communities , including the small coastal fishing sector that ensures the european union ' s supply of fresh fish and the preservation of its traditions and cultures . occupazione
as a result , eu fishing fleets are shrinking and many thousands of jobs are being lost at sea and on shore . posti
as far as the group of the greens is concerned , i would remind you that we are in favour of a fisheries policy that respects the natural balance , in favour of developing offshore and inshore fishing , which creates jobs , and in favour of selective fishing , which takes account of available stocks . posti
mr president , commissioner , i would like to start by congratulating mr varela on his far-sighted report , which was accepted by the entire committee , and mr cunha , who has also done an excellent job . lavoro
first , the report shows a certain tendency towards more protection from international competition on the grounds that fisheries provide a great many jobs in certain coastal areas . occupazionale
despite all that , at the end of the day , this money , which is supposed to assist the local people , will , even so , be better employed over there than the money given to major employers over here who are shedding jobs . licenzia
the second priority concerns jobs . occupazione
the swedish finance minister represents the european union externally for general economic policy questions , while when it comes to the euro , to the euro currency , this job goes to the belgian finance minister . compito
in my view that is not an issue for a parliament to discuss and i can only say to mr simpson and my other colleagues : let the airlines regulate that ; it is not the job of members . compito
mr president , on monday afternoon , parliament proposed that the committee on employment and social affairs should look into the situation of the workers of the european corporation , danone , threatened with the loss of 3000 jobs in the biscuit sector , 1700 of which are in france . posti
that is not a job for governments - it is a job for the parties . compito
i do not want to have my job because i am a woman , but because i am qualified for it , and i believe that many women feel the same way . lavoro
finally , i find it absurd to demand that only women be trained to take on leading roles and to take decisions when many men , who already have such roles and jobs , would greatly benefit from such training . posti
i doubt whether simply demanding quotas and percentages is the right way to achieve greater representation , and it should surely not be this parliament ' s job to call for 40 % representation in all political fields at national and international level . compito
instead , it has an important job to do , safeguarding the competitiveness of forest-based industries . compiti
although this would have a corresponding impact on jobs in the industry , it would make sense environmentally speaking . posti
the first is the economic situation : as long as women are the primary victims of an economic system which forces them into part-time work , secondary income and insecure jobs , to expect them to get involved in political life will remain a pious hope . impieghi
but we call on the council and the commission finally to move from patch-up jobs to a systematic , strategic policy in this area and to present an overall , unified vision through which we can move step by step . tampone
our report specifically lays down some guidelines to achieving more high quality jobs , improved social integration and equal opportunities . posti
for now , i just want to say that we call for a more active , more substantial role to be played by the european governments , giving the high representative the power to develop a policy which is not in conflict with or an alternative to the policy of the united states , but is much more substantial than the strategy currently employed by europe with regard to the partners , whose job , i regret to say , we cannot do for them . riesce
the legislative consultation between parliament and the council resulted in a satisfactory package that meant the job of developing rail transport could be tackled with vigour .  
in france alone , the beef and dairy industries account for 400 000 jobs . lavoro
the same applies to railway workers , who protest and campaign against deregulation and privatisation and their ravaging effects on jobs and working conditions . occupazione
during the programme it was stated that the employment agency did not offer serious jobs and charged excessive commissions for searching for jobs , which , furthermore , were very unpromising . posti
it struck me , mr van dam , that you said that people must be invested in too , both people who exercise control ashore , the port state control and other types of control , and the people on the ships who have to know their job , because i think that that is an important element in the promotion of safety at sea . mestiere
we believe that the committee on maritime safety must not simply be a committee which does a reasonable job from an administrative point of view , but that it must incorporate the feelings of non-governmental organisations , of environmental protection organisations and of unions so that all these views may be represented . lavoro
the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job , and the parliamentary committee have proposed a number of amendments to parliament in line with the european commission 's initial idea which highlight the need to include the prevention of pollution from ships and shipboard living conditions , which are , of course , closely bound up with safety at sea . NULL
however , we also understand that the inactivity of a section of a fleet over a long period means the loss of jobs and markets and many difficulties for the future of that fleet . posti
there has been talk of two and a half million jobs created last year and we have heard president prodi say that two thirds of these went to women : i believe that what president prodi has shown us is an excellent result , which should however also be evaluated on the level , dear president , of territorial distribution within europe . posti
i know that you are working on this with conviction , and this conviction with which the commission is working is having an influence on , for example , the internal job situation , on the employees of the commission , who are worried by job cuts and a reorganisation which could have repercussions for the job situation of parliament employees . riverberarsi
we expect this to be understood not just as the job of the council and the high representative of the cfsp ; we also expect an important , creative initiative on the part of the commission . compito
but you would not want to use it to apply for another job , because you would not get it . lavoro
i also believe that a government needs at times to be pedantic , at times tedious : we try to be both as little as possible but it is part of the job . mestiere
corus has just announced total job losses of 6 000 in the uk - nearly 3 000 in my own constituency in wales . posti
there is speculation that danone , a profitable company , is to shed 3 000 jobs in europe . posti
we must not do anything to harm the job prospects of young people in britain . occupazionali
the labour government is at the forefront of providing jobs for our young people and also measures to protect them at work . posti
in the context of public services coordinated throughout europe , which are guarantors of jobs and safety , or in the context of a market which has been sacrificed to competition and profit ? posti
mr president , there is no justification for large companies making part of their workforce redundant on the pretext of mergers or restructuring , when just a small fraction of their profits would be enough to safeguard the jobs that have been lost . posti
apart from a complete ban on job losses upon large companies which are making a profit , all other action is mere posturing . lavoro
we recently saw over 5 000 jobs lost in a single month as the result of takeovers . posti
and we need to calculate how many jobs are saved every time , because unless they restructure , some sectors risk disappearing altogether in the future . posti
the strategy on employment and the availability of money from the social fund mean that problems of mass redundancies can be dealt with at national level , by retraining workers , through special structures to support their reintegration into the job market or by helping them start up their own companies .  
it was a tough job and he had to walk on eggshells to do it , but i feel he has managed to strike a better balance with the aid of his compromise amendments . compito
mr president , i too would like to congratulate the rapporteur on having the wisdom of solomon , the patience of job and the tenacity of myself . giobbe
copying will also cost jobs . occupazione
according to current estimates , one hundred thousand jobs have been lost in the european union owing to the copying of cds . posti
mr bowe has done a magnificent job and brought a very complicated procedure to a close . lavoro
mr president , i should like to thank mrs emilia franziska müller for her patience with me for making her job a lot more difficult than it might otherwise have been . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , i would also like to join in congratulating the rapporteur , who i think has done an excellent job , and the rest of the members of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , who have also worked hard . lavoro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this morning president prodi reported that over a million new jobs were created in europe last year , and that two-thirds of these were for women . posti
in the field of information technology alone - the information society - we will be unable to fill around a million jobs by 2004 because of inadequate training . information
thus , based on the need to support and develop the european employment strategy , the commission is proposing a series of measures , which include analysis , research and cooperation between member states on employment , which will be very helpful for achieving the new strategic objective established in lisbon , which is to make europe the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , with more and better jobs and with greater social cohesion . posti
there may be a need to coordinate the recording of statistics or to consolidate and update the eurostat comparison methods - i can see that - but i do not feel that we need to be spending money on further studies and analyses , on information exchange , on pilot projects which , when all is said and done , artificially create jobs subsidised by european , state or local public finances and will continue to do so in the future , but which will serve no practical purpose . posti
in my country , italy , thanks to a few reforms - extremely minor reforms opposed by the trade unions - liberalising the labour market , we created hundreds of thousands of new jobs last year , mainly in the disadvantaged areas of the south , for women and young people , but we did this through structural measures , which is what is needed , and not , i regret to say , thanks to new , enormously expensive studies . lavoro
as a european parliament we need to get involved on a more consistent basis in the employment week in brussels in november , whilst here in strasbourg we should at long last find time to devote a whole day to a debate on the creation of jobs of the future and the implementation of national action plans . posti
as part of this , proper attention needs to be paid to the achievements of the social partners and the experiences of employees hit by unemployment and assisted by job creation measures . occupazionali
mr president , a job - work - is the most important means of preventing exclusion . occupazione
equality of opportunity must mean that all jobs , all services that are available , are open to all equally . posti
equality of education means that people must have the skills that are required for the jobs that are going to be available . lavori
we need to look more towards giving the skills and training to young people , middle-aged people , elderly people and those living in urban and rural areas to guarantee that they have equality of access to that training and new jobs . posti
this central idea logically leads to a political approach which says that economic reform , social involvement , social cohesion and job creation go hand in hand . occupazione
last year in lisbon , the european union , as mr bullmann has pointed out , set itself a goal which meant achieving over the next decade the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , allowing us to achieve sustainable economic growth with the creation of more jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
in any case , the synthesis report highlights the good performance of the economy , the growth achieved last year and that expected next year , and the creation of 2.5 million jobs , which is , without any doubt , a fundamental point . posti
in addition to the objective already mentioned of achieving a knowledge-based society with better jobs , i believe it is important to achieve a stable environment allowing us to achieve the objectives of price stability and healthy public finances in the medium term . posti
when i say quality , i mean especially a fiscal policy aimed more towards creating jobs , supporting research and innovation , and increasing investment in human resources . occupazione
my last comment refers to job creation and a rise in the activity rate : we must remember that two thirds of the difference between the gross domestic product levels of the united states and the european union is due precisely to the different use of the work factor . occupazione
also fundamental are elements like education and training , business incentives and also public investment , essential for job quality . occupazione
the strategic goal of the european union economy is to turn itself into the most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world capable of sustainable growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
having a job means the chance of providing for oneself and , in the long term , is the best way to achieve a society in which everyone can feel they are taking part . lavoro
i would like to stress that mr bullmann has done a good job , but the report has become too wide in its scope and the large number of proposals has meant a loss of focus . lavoro
europe needs a policy in which jobs are created and citizens can choose their own future . occupazione
the national statistical offices simply do not have the resources or manpower for the job . compito
nevertheless , 2.6 million new jobs have been created and the positive economic trends have been confirmed by good economic data , even though the pace has slowed down . posti
we need to protect these industries which create jobs and boost our economy - not just locally , but in the european domain . posti
eur 55 million are to be spent and not a single job created . lavoro
jobs , jobs , jobs . lavoro
in britain , our labour government is leading the way towards job creation and full employment . posti
not only has youth unemployment been halved under labour , but the government is now introducing vocational training for our young people to benefit from new skills in a high-tech and evolving job market . lavoro
the very title of this report arouses distrust because , generally speaking , incentives for employment are actually about granting employers aid , tax relief or tax advantages for job creation , when , in fact , they do not create any . lavoro
my first point concerns job creation , particularly in smes and the social sectors , whilst my second point is about transparency and supervision of the eib ' s activities . promozione
it seems as if the reasoning prevails that economic growth will automatically create jobs and so there is no need to treat it as a separate issue , let alone consider the quality and sustainability of the jobs . occupazione
at the same time the eu still has difficulty matching the us with regard to job creation , research and development and population growth . posti
all union policies have to respond to this aim , helping improve competitiveness in the most backward regions and helping create more jobs and more skilled ones . posti
not only the ones i have just mentioned , but also others such as the statement on labour market reform , where it says , and i quote : " it is high time for labour market reforms that promote mobility and make it worthwhile for the unemployed to take up job offers " . lavoro
some say that they should fill the jobs which require the highest qualifications , whilst others believe they should fill those functions which require the lowest qualifications . sostengono
setting up a system like that to benefit as many working men and women as possible will overcome the resistance developing in various sectors , because the temporary nature of jobs - and that is a very real factor in our labour market - deters companies from investing in human resources . occupazione
yet , with four million new jobs in four years , mostly highly qualified and ict jobs , the signs are good . posti
we have what it takes to shape the future and create jobs , but we need to dismantle bureaucratic , legal and tax obstacles and facilitate access to risk capital . posti
he is correct when he says that , in the future , more qualitative indicators need to be established which , for instance , take account of the variety of jobs and the minimum consultation rights of workers in their organisation , or environmentally-friendly technologies . posti
finally , truly fair treatment would entail equal access to public sector jobs , and equal wages and social rights , as well as to european citizenship based on residence and not on nationality , with , consequently , the right to vote and the eligibility of immigrants that are third-country nationals . impiego
mr president , i understand you are performing your job and i shall therefore try to follow your instructions . compito
our job in the new few months , as a parliament , will be to report on the commission 's opinions in a way that reminds all member states that their national interest must not override our global and humanitarian obligations . NULL
mr president , as mrs plooij-van gorsel has said , research has consistently been identified as the key to improving economic growth , creating new jobs , a cleaner environment and better health . posti
i hope that the rapporteur - who has done an excellent job , although the time frames and the deadline for tabling amendments were a question of " blink and you 've missed it " - will , together with commissioner busquin , accept one of my requests , which is aimed specifically at avoiding the brain drain from europe to the united states of america and other competitive countries . lavoro
cotton is the chief plant-based textile fibre which is a natural and healthier product than the synthetic fibres with which it competes , it provides jobs for hundreds of thousands of farmers and it may even attract young farmers to remain in the countryside , which is being depopulated . occupazione
in making such decisions , account should be taken of the number of jobs dependent on these areas . posti
the production of nuts - hazelnuts , walnuts , peanuts and almonds - and locust beans may provide jobs for thousands of producers and help to stop many areas from being depopulated , especially in the mediterranean . lavoro
continual industrial restructuring is vital for a healthy economy , for the replacement of yesterday 's unwanted jobs with the fresh jobs needed for the future . posti
because of our desire to see more jobs not less , uk conservatives have voted against this resolution . posti
in portugal , as in a number of countries in the european union , industrial restructuring has often brought large-scale redundancies , greater job instability and huge economic and social costs , particularly for the countries and regions that are directly involved , thereby endangering their economic and social cohesion . precarizzazione
when as much , and even more , can be produced while reducing the required work and time input necessary , there is no reason for the gains of such modernisation to be appropriated by employers and for millions of people to lose their jobs . ammodernamenti
it is , of course , that much more repugnant when journalists are in danger of being executed just for doing their job . doveri
while other countries are battling unemployment , ireland has made exemplary progress in this regard with the creation of new jobs . posti
the biggest threat to ireland at the moment is wage inflation fuelled by 75,000 job vacancies . posti
the institutions of this unique model , the institutions of the european union , have played a fundamental role in this process and it is amazing to see - and this is one of the things which has made the greatest impression on me since i have been here in brussels - the extent to which the people who work in the institutions view their jobs as completely different from any other job ; there is an unmistakable atmosphere of being part of the historic project of european integration . lavoro
such people need to have a modern working environment and progressive career prospects in order to enable them to do a good job even better , with more explicit recognition of their capabilities . lavoro
i believe there is also a job here for commissioner monti . compito
this has been a difficult and complex task and the three rapporteurs have certainly done a very good job in the circumstances . lavoro
recently , female immigrants have also been important for maintaining jobs , for bolstering the active population , given the ageing of the population in certain member states , and for future prospects . posti
these women must be aware of the state of the job market , the legal requirements , what their living conditions will be and what they must provide in order to work legally in the country they are heading for . lavoro
of course , the commissioner does not have an easy job : first commissioner fischler wants to give the wrong food aid again , then member states grant mr lamy insufficient support when he wants to give extra aid to 48 countries . facile
commissioner nielson and his team have done a great job and mr gemelli ' s report - an excellent report - reinforces those new proposals . lavoro
at present , the commission is keen to get down to work and do the job it was instructed to do . lavoro
so i think we should get on with the job and prepare meaningful global negotiations from july onwards . lavoro
we are determined to get on with the job and make as much progress as possible . lavoro
the company sintel , which is a subsidiary of telefónica , is in a very serious situation in which its 2 000 workers are currently shut in or camped out in the open air in particularly harsh conditions , demanding a fair solution in relation to their jobs . posti
in europe at present , we have around 16 million smes with a workforce of less than 250 persons ; these smes generate 60 % of gnp and provide 60 % of jobs . posti
well , i know of an info-point which is doing a great job , but which cannot survive on the money from the european commission , which never arrives until the end of the year or the following year . benissimo
in a constituency where we have lost 10 000 shipbuilding jobs in the last ten years , i welcome the measures that you have outlined tonight but hope that we can move faster and further in the coming months . posti
therefore , and while these korean violations continue , as well as condemning the situation to international bodies such as the wto , the oecd and the imf , we ask the council and the commission to either once again extend or implement state aid linked to contracts , or to urgently establish other adequate mechanisms , in order to slow down our continuous loss of jobs and in legitimate defence of our shipbuilding industry . posti
mr president , the european commission has done a good job . lavoro
i believe that on this occasion parliament has done its job . lavoro
the commission has also demonstrated its will and done its job . impegno
furthermore , it has major implications for the european taxpayer , for jobs in the food and drink manufacturers and for consumers . occupazione
my specific question , commissioner , which probably already has an answer , is this : given that the lisbon agreements talked about full employment , is it not awful to use public funds to create jobs in this way while continually losing jobs through company restructuring , privatisations and mergers ? occupazione
the problem in asturias , where there have been retirements and early retirements , is that young people today have no prospects because more than 30 000 jobs have been lost . posti
after every merger or restructuring in the industrial field we must see not only the number of jobs lost , but also the number of jobs saved . posti
mrs kinnock , as you know , most of these job losses at corus in wales affect the plant at newport and the sheet steel factory which are , respectively , in the objective 2 region , east wales , and the objective 1 region , west wales and the valleys . posti
commissioner , thank you for the enormous support and commitment you have made to wales at a very difficult time with the job losses in the steel industry . posti
amendments to the common position threaten the future of some of these stations and the jobs of the miners who supply the coal . lavoro
i want to begin by thanking mrs myller , who has done a magnificent job , as well as my fellow meps in the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , who have contributed to our now having a proposal which is looking really good . assiduo
this is not a job for parliament . compito
i thank mr miller for the work he has done on basically sorting out the finer details of it although , as he said , it is not really a job we should be doing . spettare
if we extrapolate from these figures , we find that consistent implementation of this programme could create about a million jobs in the european union . posti
in school i was told that it was parliament ' s job to control and the government ' s job to react . governare
having a job and being able to earn a living creates a feeling of participation , security and dignity , while unemployment leads to uncertainty , exclusion and xenophobia . lavoro
this project , which i see many countries almost do not want to be involved with , could generate more than 100 000 high-level scientific jobs . posti
women must , of course , be given the same job opportunities , working conditions and pension schemes as men , and we must make it easier for both sexes to reconcile work and family life , especially if we want to encourage people to have children . lavorativa
madam president , madam president-in-office of the council , president prodi , the target the union set itself a year ago in lisbon to become the world ' s most competitive and dynamic economic area , which could achieve both sustainable growth and create new and better jobs , and greater social cohesion , hardly lacks ambition . posti
has the us economy grown as a result of restrictions there , over-taxation , legislation introduced with the apparent aim of giving protection , artificially preserving unproductive jobs , restricting competition or seeking to increase federal bureaucracy ? posti
if confidence goes , the strong economy goes too , and who will then give us guarantees of better jobs , better education and greater social cohesion ? posti
at the same time , real unemployment is hidden by labour market policy and temporary mass training initiatives which do not lead to quality jobs . occupazione
instead of devoting myself to meaningless compromises and fine words , i intend to continue to criticise the european model , which has so far not been able to create many new jobs but instead sentences far too many people to long-term unemployment , social exclusion , poverty and marginalisation . posti
on the one hand , we talk of the new opportunities offered by information and communications technologies and of the millions of jobs which they can create . posti
we talk of already having bottlenecks on the specialist job markets , but we seem unable to implement a specific integration policy to help the unemployed - and there are well over 14 million in the european union - make their own contribution to the working population . specializzato
i know that the balance spoken of here is in jeopardy , which is why i call on you , madam president-in-office , to summon up the strength and courage in the swedish presidency to put the integrated policy of economic reform , social cohesion and job promotion which we welcomed into practice . occupazione
we are also seeing significant numbers of working poor , those who have jobs but cannot afford to live on their wages . lavoro
i always like hearing about people who are good at their job . mestiere
i , too , think that the committee of wise men , chaired by baron lamfalussy , has done an exceptionally thorough job . pregio
another positive factor is that the rate of unemployment is falling and we have created 2.5 million new jobs in the european union over recent years . posti
the social partners ' agenda needs to include maintaining jobs for older people , creating more jobs and giving employees a share in company profits . posti
i would like to direct two questions to commissioner patten , who is doing an excellent job for the eu as regards foreign policy . lavoro
the main aims of the eu parties involved are to ensure that the globalisation of the management of the internet will also continue during the term of the new american administration , and make the job of the gac more effective in the debate on political questions .  
those of you that are experts on the subject will clearly want to refer to the commission 's own text and the commission has provided an extremely helpful and clear explanatory statement for those of us who are not , unlike lord inglewood , distinguished lawyers - which is why he has been able to make such a good job of scrutinising this text on behalf of parliament . giureconsulti
in view of the work that has been done , our job here is just to ensure that there are no political issues arising out of what is largely a set of technical amendments . compito
new industries have appeared , become commonplace , and have provided a better quality of life , higher standards of living , new and better jobs and better working conditions . impieghi
we look to the member states to get on with the job of implementing the outstanding directives and providing the positive environment for their biotech industries to develop and prosper . lavoro
it highlights in a factual and non-alarmist manner the enormous potential of the european biotechnology industry for assisting economic growth , for encouraging job creation and improving the competitiveness of our industries . posti
to sum up , i feel that the purvis report can be considered a valuable contribution to that complex , diverse mosaic which is the european research area , which , together with mr busquin and mr liikanen , we are doing an excellent job of establishing in europe and which will make us competitive and enable us to take up this world challenge . competivi
mr president , mr purvis has done a good job as several speakers have already said . bene
it is not acceptable for insurance companies to refuse cover on the basis of genetic profiling or for manufacturing companies to recruit those with a low propensity to cancer for dirty jobs . lavori
undertakings , and with them jobs , are leaving europe . posti
lisbon set far-reaching goals for the next decade - to create the world 's leading knowledge-based economy by 2010 , to create 20 million new jobs across europe by 2010 and to promote economic and social reform which combine competitiveness and social cohesion , investing in people and raising skill levels . posti
first and foremost , jobs is our top priority . lavoro
we aim to establish a business-led skills taskforce and a jobs database to overcome the skills shortage . occupazione
women who almost float along , who are kept apart by curtains on public transport , who are obliged to give up their jobs ... time and time again they are kept apart , and time and time again they are humiliated , abused and sold short . lavoro
most of our colleagues are fully familiar with the problems faced by the assistants , which range from job insecurity to the difficulties of legal establishment on belgian territory , where many of them live .  
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteur , dagmar roth-behrendt , who has done an excellent and thorough job . esauriente
the industry comprises more than 21 000 firms providing 530 000 jobs , with a turnover in excess of eur 72 billion . posti
when mr sacconi was appointed rapporteur i knew that he would do an excellent job , and i was right . lavoro
what i find completely irresponsible is the panic-mongering about jobs . posti
as a legislator , our job is to ensure that the environment and public health are protected . NULL
it really is not up to us to repeat industry 's panic-inducing arguments about jobs . posti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i particularly welcome the tabling of a green paper on pvc , but i have to say straight away that this green paper disappointed me , because it opens the door to panic , not to panic about jobs , but panic about pvc as a material . posti
i also believe that it is important for the social dimension , the impact on jobs , to be integrated into the reflection process alongside the ecological and economic aspects . posti
my fifth point is that we must be committed to achieving the objectives laid down at the lisbon european council , specifically the objectives of making a real contribution to creating more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
we need to recognise that this is where the future of new european jobs lies . occupazione
mr president , i would like to thank the two rapporteurs , mrs buitenweg and mr costa neves , for the remarkable job they have done in getting these guidelines together in such a short space of time . lavoro
for us , it is a case of safeguarding jobs in europe and creating new and attractive jobs . lavoro
you know , it is tiresome to read nothing but critical comments and critical articles in the press , given the tremendous , fundamental job done in this house , which is precisely why what we have tried to do in this report is to help increase the transparency , acknowledgement and the understanding of what happens and what we do in this chamber of democracy . fastidioso
before closing , may i thank all my fellow members and all those who helped draft this report , because i think that we have done a fine job and i hope that it will be used as an example at all levels . lavoro
i want to get the message across that , in voting in favour of this report tomorrow , we acknowledge that cedefop is now operating as we would like it to operate , we acknowledge the positive aspects of how it is operating and performing and we confirm the fast job done in completing the cedefop building , which was finished ahead of schedule and with savings of eur 2 million . cedefop
i ask the commissioner today , who has been doing an extremely good job , to consider increasing the level of sampling as an initial step . lavoro
it is not only the farmers who are affected ; it has an impact on everyone in these rural areas , including tourism and thousands of jobs . posti
it is our role to assist people in taking things forward but it is not our job to take the responsibility off their shoulders . compito
it is a difficult job but one which i hope they will be able to do even better . compito
moreover , let us not forget that the quest to achieve full employment in the union does not mean concentrating solely on job creation but involves providing better jobs for all people , including those with disabilities . posti
i therefore welcome the fact that the commission has emphasised the importance of this sector and its enormous potential for both job creation and reducing costs . posti
for us it is absolutely crucial that there should be a balance between job creation , competitiveness and social cohesion . occupazione
the ink was not even dry on the final declaration by the fifteen , in which you reiterated , and i quote , ' the goal of full employment ' , and in which you welcomed the initiatives taken by businesses to promote corporate social responsibility , when suddenly , like a bombshell , came the announcements that 1 780 jobs were being axed by danone and that marks & spencer were closing all their stores outside the united kingdom . posti
however , the council should be clear on one thing : jobs can only be created if economic reforms are implemented consistently . posti
the successes of the year 2000 , with record growth , healthy finances , the lowest inflation and interest rates and 2.5 million new jobs , should not be underestimated . posti
and the eu summit rightly took account of the importance of research , innovation and new technologies in creating jobs and prosperity . posti
i think we need to invest still more in people and better quality jobs . posti
in fact it is rather the reverse , such that the 14 - 15 million people who are unemployed face increasing competition for jobs by the addition of new groups at the same time as wage-related pressures increase . occupazione
it has been claimed that a cut in working hours would not result in new jobs but this does not apply to low-paid jobs where there is a very clear link between reduced working hours and more jobs . lavoro
should we not put them down to the fact that we were not really able to do our job there , that we failed to disarm the uck , that the fragmentation of responsibilities between numerous international organisations and within the european union itself is a fact of life and that the crisis has again taken hold because we failed in our duty ? compiti
the issue concerns quality at work , not just creating more jobs but creating jobs where health and safety are good , where employees have substantial influence and where opportunities for skills development and professional development are in place . posti
what do we know about ways of opposing these job cuts , which were supposed to be merely economic job cuts , and which are becoming financial job cuts ? licenziamenti
here too , we expect a great deal from the council and the commission , which has to provide us with indicators so as to , thanks to this open coordination , secure us not just more , but also better jobs . posti
the manpower is available , we just need to introduce effective training and ensure there is no discrimination in allocating the jobs . posti
technologically-minded young people in europe will find attractive new jobs through galileo . posti
we therefore consider that this work is a parliamentary job well done which will result in benefits for the citizens . lavoro
you have just done a great job in showing that this issue is certainly of a political nature . conferma
this is a point that has taken prominence in indonesia and in the jaffna area of sri lanka where the unhcr has been doing an excellent job in trying to rehabilitate and give support to people . lavoro
this is the bottleneck of the fight against these diseases , not whether we are adding eur 100 million from money which is already devoted to do this job . lavoro
on capacity building we need everybody who is able to do it , undp , world bank and ourselves : this is such a big job that we should not even think of doing everything ourselves . lavoro
first to mrs maij-weggen , it is not the role of the commission to coordinate the member states in the un general assembly , that is their job . compito
russia 's civil nuclear industry is also a major source of employment accounting for approximately 300 000 people in direct jobs . lavoro
the europe-wide use of the euro has already brought economic stability and a variety of other advantages . it has encouraged economic growth , increased consumption and investment and led to the creation of new jobs . occupazione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mrs roth-behrendt has done an extremely good job over a long period when it comes to combating bse , or tse . lavoro
because we must ensure when evaluating the state of public finances , which is also our job , when analysing the content of the convergence and stability programmes , that we identify the right trend , that we identify the right development , but that we do not lose sight during our discussions of the possibility of steering in the opposite direction . grado
we are subsidising low-paid jobs and when it comes to expenditure , we know that massive public investment is needed and that public money is essential to make this investment , but we do not want to suffer the consequences . impieghi
my colleague , michael cashman , has done a first-class job in preparing his report on public access to documents held by the eu institutions . lavoro
albanians should also be given better access to public sector jobs , in which they are currently under-represented . inadeguatamente
consequently , many jobs depend upon the safe dealing in that currency and we therefore support this initiative in protecting against counterfeiting . posti
it recommends more flexible markets , starting with the job market , and calls for trades unions to ensure there is ' harmony ' in collective bargaining , i.e. to accept flexible forms of work as the norm , the dismantling of their achievements and increased poverty with no conditions attached so that the european monopolies can earn more and be more competitive . lavoro
it is a policy of job insecurity and increasing unemployment and poverty among workers , a policy to disenfranchise the rural population and increase the profits of the ruling class in our country . insicurezza
jobs are also at stake . occupazione
overall , we are very satisfied with the result of the conciliation and feel that the rapporteur has done a good job . lavoro
i have been particularly upset at the cynical efforts of the tobacco industry to use the spectre of job losses to threaten this measure . posti
in the light of recent job losses across europe , retraining and education will be even more important in helping to adapt the skills of workers to enable them to find new jobs . posti
i would remind you that , under the broad economic guidelines for 2002 , adopted on 3 april , which are an important political instrument in budgetary matters , specific consideration is given to the e-learning initiative as an important stage in the process of achieving the strategic objective established by the lisbon european council . this objective was to create a knowledge-based economy capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
educational establishments are called on to become more responsive to fast changes on the job market . lavoro
it is equally important to make training and education in the information society available to all individuals throughout their lives to realise job opportunities and for personal development as well . occupazionali
mr alavanos and mr mauro have done a remarkable job , mr alavanos earlier , and now mr mauro . lavoro
in this difficult environment , the european central bank is doing an excellent job . lavoro
the social market economy , however , does not mean adhering to outdated structures or building resistance to change on the pretext of preserving social services and jobs . occupazione
i do not accept that staff should not be told about structural changes and job losses as early on as possible , but if there is any intention of evolving a directive from the marks & spencer case , one that would essentially slow down the conversion of companies , i am against it . posti
my job was to present parliament with the report on the economic guidelines for 2001 . compito
it would be worthwhile assessing the nature of these newly created jobs , which are most often insecure . posti
your social market economy , in other words , means wide-spread job insecurity and an increase in the number of workers who , even here in france , are paid frf 4 000 or 5 000 per month and much less in other european countries , whereas shareholders , who do nothing , take their share of the dividends from the massive profits made by these companies .  
you claim that you want to overcome , and i quote , ' the democratic deficit in european economic policy ' , but the first step you must take in order to overcome this deficit would be to deprive large employers of their divine right to get rid of all the people who work to improve their existence and you would do this by banning employers from making collective redundancies and forcing them to deduct from profits and from dividends , stored up by shareholders , whatever is necessary to safeguard all the jobs that are at risk . posti
currently , in a large number of countries - such as italy , for example - the pension contributions of workers , particularly young workers , are being used irresponsibly to finance the pensions of people who are 54 or 55 years old , who may well be doing two jobs , an illegal job or an undeclared job . lavoro
lip service is paid time and again to the principle of supporting small and medium-sized businesses , but the fact is that we give them far too little support , even though they are the engine of our economy and the guarantors of european jobs . posti
it is not for the eu to try to dictate health policy across the globe ; the only consequence of such a ban will be to export the jobs of those involved , notably 1000 jobs in southampton , 500 jobs in darlington and 200 in nottingham , while achieving nothing on the issue of health . posti
were the directive to enter into force and the ceilings also to apply to cigarettes intended for export , thousands of jobs would be lost in that structurally fragile region alone . posti
however , as i have already emphasised in my comments on the report at the first and second readings , the prohibition methods prescribed in the joint text entail the imposition of unreasonable obligations on the european tobacco industry with no thought for the jobs they will cost and no prospect of their paying dividends by inducing more people in the eu to give up smoking . posti
but if this sense of mission leads to the tobacco industry relocating its manufacturing plants to the countries for which its cigarettes are intended , all we shall have achieved will be the loss of european jobs . posti
the result would be a massive fall in exports of cigarettes from the eu and hence the loss of tens of thousands of jobs in the eu . posti
that is an unobjectionable aim in principle , but it is surely no mere oversight that makes the author omit the rest of this sentence as formulated at the lisbon summit , for it went on to speak of an economic area with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
that is why foremost priority must be attached to the creation of new jobs . posti
road deaths caused by drunk drivers , loss of jobs and ultimately family break-ups are but a few examples of the ravages of alcohol abuse . lavoro
its aim was to sever the link between aid and production levels in the relevant product markets while keeping the loss of income and jobs within reasonable bounds , an aim which was formulated at a time when the restructuring process seemed destined to run fairly smoothly . posti
basically between parliament and the council , although we shall perform our mediation duties , which is our job . compete
we were concerned enough when we heard the new president ' s advisor on security , mrs condoleezza rice , describe her vision of the new distribution of labour between americans and europeans for the maintenance of peace in the balkans , when she pointed out with as much perspicacity as elegance that it was not the gis ' job to take children to nursery school . compito
it is nevertheless crucial that we do not conceal the fact that many of the intolerant attitudes seen in our societies are caused by feelings of insecurity resulting from situations created by the collective redundancies of thousands of workers , by the increasing lack of job security and by the loss of rights . lavoro
mr president , i think that we have to make the best of a bad job , because we are fortunate enough to have quite a full house , which is quite rare for a wednesday afternoon . viso
mr president , i think there are many good points in the commission ' s report , and i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on a job well done . lavoro
mr president , first of all i should like to address my thanks to the commissioner , mrs diamantopoulou , and my heartfelt congratulations to the rapporteur for the excellent job he has done . lavoro
but we also need a flexible pension system which has one eye on social change and the need to adjust to the job market . lavoro
mr president , i thank mr peres for the work he has done and especially for his willingness to receive proposals and suggestions ; i thank the commission for having done such a thorough job ; and i thank the committee on agriculture for having unanimously approved the amendments tabled . lavoro
that is our job as representatives of the people . compito
my dear mrs schleicher , you have done an excellent job here and people will always remember your name with gratitude when this party statute is adopted . lavoro
the commission shares the overall view that mrs gebhardt presents regarding the eurojust report and would like to congratulate her on the excellent job she has done . lavoro
there will also be continued national support for local job creation programmes under the principle of subsidiarity . occupazione
i share mr corbett ' s view that if the rapporteurs had not done such a good job then parliament would in all probability have recommended voting against nice . lavoro
perhaps we need an entirely different approach , for example by establishing very clear issue programmes in the short term , alongside regular legislative programmes , in respect of which the commission is doing a sterling job . eccellente
there are many important points which i will not have time to address now , but i would like to point out that the committee has done a good job in deciding that the relevant strategies as well as the targets , funds and timetable should be drawn up as a framework directive , so that the matter can be handled in a democratic manner in parliament and by the council and so that we can enter the decision-making process and influence it . lavoro
there is no link made between new actions proposed and the resources available to do the job . attuarle
one example of this is the recruitment of over-qualified people for less high-powered jobs . funzioni
the right to return to work laid down in directive 76 / 207 / eec - and on this point we disagree with mrs hautala ' s report - must enable women , in order to protect their job following maternity leave , to take up an equivalent position in the event that their job changes or becomes defunct . lavoro
even in countries that have high employment rates , women are over represented in part-time jobs , in many cases not out of choice . posti
i am convinced that women cannot be truly free and equal to men until they have the same opportunities to get a job , are paid the same salary and gain true financial independence . lavoro
it should be highlighted that the amendments introduced give support to women regarding pregnancy and maternity , guaranteeing that they can return to their jobs and benefit from any improvements that may have taken place during their absence . mansioni
we have also introduced a woman 's right to return to her own job or an equivalent job under terms and conditions which are not less favourable to her after maternity leave . lavoro
according to the proposal , an employee or public sector worker is entitled to have their old job back after parental leave , or an equivalent job on terms which are at least as good . vedersene
the report also has an inescapable impact for employers , for example report writing and returning to the same job . mansioni
the committee on women ' s rights and equal opportunities has done a rigorous and comprehensive job , which substantially improves the commission ' s proposal . lavoro
but even in their own organisations , whether it be job centres or trade unions , they do not always receive the attention they really deserve . collocamento
eures job offers went from 43 000 at the start of 1998 to 166 000 at the beginning of 2000 . lavoro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr ribeiro e castro ' s very useful report mentions , in particular , the importance of transparency and the importance of reliable statistics on jobs . occupazione
since the beginning of the year , planned job cuts have been followed by more planned job cuts , at marks and spencer , who are relocating , and at danone , who are planning even further cuts . rilocalizza
two hundred thousand french people , worn down by the weight of taxation and the endless bureaucracy in their own country , did not wait for eures , but simply left the country , in order , finally to get a job and a better standard of living , at least that is what they were hoping for , in the united kingdom . lavorare
so , while it is certainly useful to have a network which enables those who wish to find a job in another country within the european union , our first priority must continue to be to make it possible for businesses to create jobs for their own people in their own countries . impiego
everyone praises its merits , but i do not believe that it should be regarded as an end in itself , or as a risky gamble on the future , and still less as a choice that is made by default because there are no job opportunities at home . lavoro
the small farmers of eastern europe must be able to be included in this redefinition of the cap ( jobs , regional planning , environmental considerations , solidarity with small farmers in the third world , productivism , a subsidies policy that encourages exports ) . occupazione
protecting women does not mean imposing increasingly rigid and restricting rules . it means , above all , subscribing to firm principles , at the same time authorising the flexibility made necessary by the constraints of the job . lavoro
the inclusion of positive action in favour of women , the distinctions made between direct and indirect discrimination , the definition of sexual harassment , and the claim that women , at the end of their maternity leave or after adopting or fostering a child , should have the right to go back to their own job in the same way as men do when they have been on leave , all these are intended to combat discrimination and to achieve greater equality between women and men in the workplace . lavoro
someone who loses his job there must take a job thousands of kilometres away , often an insecure job that pays worse than the previous one . disoccupato
it is not just that consumer confidence was lost when these three successive crises occurred ; we also watched as consumers restructured their consumer habits , we watched as numerous companies which never imagined they would be excluded from the market folded and we watched as several thousand people who were in no way to blame lost their jobs . posti
finally , the role of small and medium-sized enterprises in this area must be clearly and officially recognised , given that it is these enterprises that produce the high quality goods and create the jobs . posti
he has done a great job . lavoro
i commend this report and i commend the rapporteur for a job well done , not least because of the inter-party and inter-country cooperation and discussion throughout . lavoro
mr president , our rapporteur has done an excellent job and i should like to congratulate him on behalf of my group . lavoro
this is no job for auxiliary staff , and recent cutbacks in this domain must be reversed . ambito
initially i want to say that mrs paulsen has done a thorough and good job . lavoro
mr president , i should like to begin by thanking mr davies for the splendid and very expert job he has done on the report . lavoro
and we , whose job is to send a message not just to the nations of europe with ideological and political problems , but to the entire world , must act as a force for peace , as a force for cooperation , as a force for progress and as a force for democracy by strengthening the procedures which civilise the world without creating conflict , without there being any cause for conflict and without starting by using military conflict or considerations in order to bring about democratic results . popoli
finally , special attention must be paid , as the report notes , to arrangements governing relations between the external service and delegations and the european parliament , both as regards having systemised contacts , with reports and appearances by the heads of the delegations in parliament and its competent committees , and as regards some of the delegations taking on the job of providing assistance in connection with visits and missions by members of the european parliament to third countries . rappresentanze
the primary objective of the ' drugs ' arrangements is not to directly replace illegal coca crops , but to promote development for its own sake , to create jobs and to diversify industrial and agricultural production , an area in which these countries are falling behind to an extent which gives rise for concern and which is , in our opinion , one of the factors that encourages the expansion of the production and trafficking of drugs . posti
i believe that the decision taken yesterday provides exactly the answer you were looking for on the well-founded questions which you receive from employees who unlawfully lose their jobs . lavoro
if it could be implemented it would end the evils of global speculation that destroy so many jobs , communities and families , while promoting a good in the form of large amounts of aid and assistance to the third world . posti
so we believe this is the right package , but i commend the way that bill miller has sought to tighten up some aspects , particularly those relating to commission officials who may take the retirement package and then go on to take up other jobs . professionali
its rapporteur , mr harbour , has done a magnificent job , but i must not forget that he is a member of a political group whose positions seem more orientated towards defending the interests of companies than towards the operation of the market . lavoro
i believe she has done an excellent job on a difficult technical issue which has allowed the presentation of amendments which , as has been said , affect all the basic elements of the commission ' s proposal and introduce a series of criteria which we agree with . NULL
the single market is essential for jobs in the north west of britain . occupazione
apart from alcohol , i think fatigue is probably the biggest killer on our roads and it is also true to say that if i were employed as a truck driver , i would not want my job undermined by a self-employed driver who would be willing to work 18 hours a day . lavoro
and if my fellow members interpret this as being piraeus , then i am not to blame ; forgive me , but piraeus is to blame , with its impressive qualifications for the job . pireo
first , i should like to thank our rapporteurs , who have done an excellent job . lavoro
as far as mr esclopé 's report is concerned , i should like to say that he has done a good job in introducing international arrangements here , as it is an international problem which requires an international solution .  
it does not mention the fact that two of the main causes of incidents and accidents in airports and airlines are the widespread job insecurity and the number of staff being cut back . lavoro
in order to reduce the number of incidents or accidents in the air , we should begin with a huge recruitment drive for airports and airlines , and make jobs more secure . lavoro
mr president , following intensive negotiations and an excellent job by mr busk , we are now in a position to debate his report here in parliament . lavoro
now we have a proper proposal and , once again , parliament has done a good job . lavoro
i think that it is ridiculous to require in a directive that they study and have a qualification in order to do their job . mestiere
however , because it is such a small amount and because it only affects small farms , which basically do a good job in the countryside , you should reconsider . lavoro
returning to the subject in question , i think there are certain finer points that have to be taken into account with regard to the commission ' s initial proposal : the granting of aid without making it conditional on keeping up the activity runs the risk of deteriorating the economic fabric and creating a system of patronage in the sector , which over the last ten years has seen the loss of 30 % of holdings and over 25 % of jobs . occupazione
those jobs are our jobs - europe 's jobs - and our businesses . posti
the nut sector is of great social and environmental importance to the european union , and to the southern countries such as spain , italy , greece , portugal and france , because these countries have many small farms that create a great number of jobs and which also have a considerable and direct influence on the environment . posti
the sabena disaster just goes to show how thousands of jobs can be hit within the shortest period of time . posti
it has been a first presidency for sweden , and i believe both your government and state can feel a justifiable pride in a job well done . lavoro
finally , regarding company law on mergers and takeovers , the presidency has done a wonderful job in fashioning a difficult compromise . benissimo
we have done some preliminary work here , and it will now be the job of the belgian presidency to initiate this convention before laeken .  
it is a job for the top man , but in this case the top men have failed on two counts . occupare
it will have to declare its intentions in regard to jobs and the location of work . posti
mr president , the job parliament has here today is quite simple : to adopt or reject the compromise achieved in conciliation . compito
the ecb 's priority target of guaranteeing price stability is not , after all , an objective in its own right , but rather a key condition for economic growth and job creation . posti
mr president , given the time constraints and also the feeling in my group that the ecb has essentially been doing a good job in difficult circumstances , i would like to concentrate on some remaining structural issues concerning communications and accountability . bene
the euro has certainly not become a job machine or acted as a brake on inflation , which is precisely what was rashly promised to the public earlier on . occupazione
the next point that i consider important is that the euro is not a political project and , please excuse me , mr duisenberg , you cannot say that it is just a matter for the ecb - that is a point in your favour , you are doing your job well in this respect - and for the banks , nor is it just something for finance ministers . lavoro
because there is a degree of complacency with regard to all eu change , every effort must be made in the months remaining before 1 january to alert consumers to the importance of what is happening and , more importantly , to assure them that their interests are placed at the forefront by those whose job it is to manage this important change . compito
continuity of membership cannot be guaranteed if mobile workers change jobs or sector . lavoro
have you tried to quantify the potential for retaliation against european industry of other injured parties , and what that could mean in terms of lost jobs in europe ? posti
mr purvis , it is my job to handle the trade disputes that we are currently involved in . lavoro
mr karas has done a remarkable job with this proposal for a directive . lavoro
particularly in the case of occupational pension schemes , employees who take advantage of the freedom of movement of persons within the eu and make the european ideal a reality by switching jobs to other member states can lose out because of differences in taxation , including double taxation . lavoro
he has done a good job and clearly worked very hard on this . relazione
mr ettl did a very good job in coordinating with the other two institutions . operato
it is eminently sensible to promote renewable energy because it enables us to fulfil our environmental objectives , creates jobs and ensures security of supply . posti
the job of putting these decisions into practice , that is to say technical implementation , can be entrusted to the commission . NULL
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mrs niebler has done a brilliant job with this very difficult subject , which i had to deal with on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport . egregiamente
this in turn increases the danger that this type of takeover will result in large-scale job shedding . posti
but there are also signs of a decline in the rights that affect the day-to-day life of every individual in the european union itself . everyone , be he a european citizen or a foreign resident , has the essential right to a job , to acceptable wages , to a roof over his head . lavoro
incidentally , it is a noble task , not a dirty job , which europe should address , and if others do not join us until later , we should accept this with good grace . sopravviveremmo
we went on to see it rapidly reversed by the new labour government , anxious to preserve jobs in the mining industry . posti
this proposal could produce modest environmental benefits , but we must make sure that those modest environmental benefits do not come about at the expense at the loss of hundreds of jobs in many small enterprises across europe and the pricing of many european citizens off the waterways which they have enjoyed for many hundreds of years . posti
once again , i would like to thank the rapporteur for the excellent job which she has done and i hope that as a result our programmes in this very important sector will be both generous and better focused and managed . lavoro
i am grateful to the commissioner for his statement which settles an extremely important issue , giving the assurance that the staff of the agencies will not suffer from job insecurity or be of insufficient quality .  
mr president , first of all i should like to congratulate mr busk , because he has done an excellent job . lavoro
in view of the slow-down in the us economy and consequently the world economy , it is essential that we , as legislators , do all we can to facilitate business and job creation . posti
at a time when growth is giving us cause for concern , we should give thought to the content of this growth and the necessity to develop it , by encouraging job stability and skills . occupazione
every day we hear news of essential social importance which shocks us : all the delegations of a company are being closed in one or various countries ; the company is studying a massive reduction in jobs ; a merger is announced and the workers are wondering what will happen and how many will be fired or sent home , and these decisions are often taken for stock exchange reasons - to improve share prices - rather than for fundamental reasons . posti
i have spoken several times in this house about the recent loss of 3000 jobs in wales when the steel company corus announced massive redundancies . posti
yet it failed to tell the workers that they were about to get rid of 6000 jobs even when there was massive public speculation about these job losses . posti
if there is a need for qualifications or training to move to the next job the development process will identify that . mansioni
mr hänsch did a fine job of explaining how the enlargement process is one in which both the current and the future member states of the european union will benefit : everyone can benefit from this . cui
who in the west has any desire to pay subsidies to people in eastern europe whom we are forcing out of their jobs ? lavoro
so , what exactly is this ' partnership between employers and workers ' advocated by the report , where one of the partners has the right to take decisions which ruin the life of so many workers , even an entire region , and where the other partner has no rights , not even the right to safeguard his job ? lavoro
the resolution ' s proposals relating to redundancies are merely symbolic and have no meaning for the thousands of employees that have already lost their jobs . lavoro
for poland , 26 % of whose population lives in country areas , the restructuring of agriculture affects and involves many other sectors , starting with the need to create new jobs . posti
the present coalition has a job to finish , and the involvement of the hungarian minority remains every bit as important in this connection . lavoro
mr president , i think this is an excellent set of reports and that the committee on foreign affairs has done a good job . lavoro
it is clear from the opinions of our committee that women everywhere have difficulty accessing the job market and are under-represented at the centres of power . lavoro
the sector as a whole has already cost three heads of government their job . poltrona
agenda setting , defining political priorities year on year , is not just the job of the council and the commission , it is also the job of the european parliament . compito
given the need to exploit the results of eu-backed research and crucially to ensure downstream development and new job opportunities , can the commission outline how it intends to raise awareness of and equality of access to these funds in ireland and the other member states , and what has been the initial reaction to this joint research and innovation agreement ? lavoro
the european union showed a strong and unified position during the talks and the belgian presidency did a good job in coordinating our position . lavoro
much more discussion is needed with the united states , where the main fear is loss of jobs . posti
that would be your job in a government in which you are represented . compito
mr president , i have to say that i was slightly surprised that mr coelho , who did an excellent job in inspiring difficult debates and maintained a completely objective approach , was given so little speaking time . irti
i voted for the motion but i call upon the european union to provide more substantial financial and other aid to combat the lack of energy and the shortage of jobs in the state of lithuania . lavoro
measures are required to promote women ' s access to training and employment , improve the situation of women in the jobs market and help them to achieve a better balance between life and work . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , the italian radicals will vote for the report by mr evans , who has done an excellent job . lavoro
luckily , these duties are being carried out by the experienced mr söderman , with his usual degree of enthusiasm for the job . lavoro
mr president , i should like to thank the ombudsman for the splendid job he has done with a view to securing citizens ' rights in the eu system . dedica
thousands , mostly black agricultural labourers , are also robbed of their jobs and driven from their houses . lavoro
that does not necessarily follow - but i do not know when the job becomes vacant ! posto
however , as we are all aware , it is increasingly abused by economic migrants who pass through several safe but poor countries in order to reach rich countries to settle in , where it can lead to people-trafficking , prostitution and a black economy in jobs . lavoro
so let us say yes to hill and mountain farming , in the hills and mountains , but no to a european farming industry reduced by wto negotiations to a series of theme parks with peasants dressed up by mike moore to look like walt disney characters , whose job would be to entertain anglo-saxon tourists and conserve the landscape . disney
the possibility of financial speculation initiated by terrorists on stock markets throughout the world and the crisis experienced by many airlines which will lead to thousands of job cuts demand a raft of measures from the international community to protect the economy as well . posti
however , we should also stress that we are calling on the european commission to ensure that the principle of gender equality is duly taken into account and that statistics are kept - not just during programming but throughout the whole monitoring and intervention procedure - on the increase in female employment , the provision of quality , viable new jobs and the creation of infrastructures which allow family and working life to be reconciled . posti
i cannot help wondering about the contradiction between saying we want to give priority to employment , with reference in particular to the lisbon european council declarations , while at the same time paying so little attention to the small micro-enterprise and sme projects which , after all and as everyone knows , are the prime job creators . posti
the payment appropriations will , i think , be implemented in full and for the last two years - this was a job that began before my arrival - i have been working with the member states to ensure that they are taken up as fully as possible . lavoro
the other half of the wage gap , however , cannot be explained objectively and seems to suggest that there are hidden mechanisms of discrimination at play which lead to the undervaluing of female-dominated jobs and professions . funzioni
the key mechanism is the job evaluation system , by means of which different jobs are ranked according to importance , and according to that job ranking , are allocated their salary scales . job
in most cases , this job evaluation is done by the social partners , whether or not based on a system set up by an advisory office . job
discrimination in job evaluation is evident from the fact that too low a value is placed on characteristics associated with traditionally feminine jobs , including social skills , women ' s greater capacity to concentrate and greater dexterity . NULL
as they are awarded lower scores , valued less , these jobs are thus given too low a place in task hierarchies and payrolls , which means that the wage level for women is lower . mansioni
at the same time , the characteristics associated with traditionally masculine jobs , for example technical insight , physically demanding work or financial responsibility , are correspondingly over-valued . funzioni
in general , workers do not know how their job is classified . mansione
it is even open to question how much insight the social partners have into how jobs are classified within businesses . conoscano
moreover , women are generally not involved in job evaluation since they are not the negotiators with the social partners . job
secondly , the european union would do well to delve deeper into the issue of discrimination in job evaluation . job
if in a member state of the european union somebody suffering discrimination presents a case and wins it , if they work in the public sector , their greatest problem will be confronting the dirty looks of their colleagues , but if they work in the private sector , sooner or later it will lead to them leaving their job . lavoro
the conclusion is that not only do women have lower paid jobs but , as a result , they do not get the plum management positions either , their having access to which is one of the prerequisites for our being able to change the situation . lavori
it might also be added that boys have much better jobs and so earn more , too . lavori
but there are no social partners in the case of these jobs , which poses serious problems . posti
i appreciate that in some cases , it is difficult to establish an objective wage formation process or job evaluation procedure , but that does not take away from the need for more transparency and gender-neutrality . job
it is the jobs mainly held by women that society accepts should be the least well paid . le
europe must now acknowledge that it needs not only more working women but also the jobs that women do . professioni
mr president , i too want to begin by thanking mrs smet for the excellent job she has done and , in particular , for the high quality of her explanatory statement . lavoro
not only do women on average earn 28 % less than men for a job of equal value , often their jobs are also more precarious and unpleasant , an issue that is not raised often enough . lavoro
in recent years , we have increasingly started to talk about more job opportunities and better workplaces , that is , about the quality of working life . lavoro
women in particular are affected by atypical jobs , insecure employment , etc . atipici
it is of the utmost importance that the tens of thousands of jobs currently under threat in the aviation industry are saved . posti
it is our job to prove to the public that europe is also there to protect them , and that a european civil and criminal legal system is possible . compito
it is perfectly fair that an asylum seeker from , say , canada , will have a greater job convincing the authorities that asylum is justified , compared to someone coming for example from iraq . persuadere
an extra effort must therefore be made to ensure that it is the job and the responsibilities , and not the individual ' s gender , which decide how much he or she is paid . lavoro
when we last saw each other and he heard i was an mep for the pensioners ' party , elected to brussels by pensioners , and that i am the national secretary of this party in italy , he said to me , " as you are in politics , do you know that when we work and are over fifty they make it quite clear to us that they cannot wait for us to give up our jobs , and they make us feel we are a burden ? lavoro
well , i should like it to be considered harassment when older people are harassed for the sole reason that they have grown old in their jobs , a point which unfortunately is not mentioned in this document . lavoro
all this confirms that the schengen convention is a tool which is used to make it easier to carry out the job of pan-european suppression , make and monitor suspects and terrorise demonstrators . repressione
in a small peripheral country such as my own , the survival of a national airline is of vital importance to the economy and already in ireland over 700 jobs are threatened at aer lingus . posti
it is more than airlines : the european tourism industry is europe 's biggest industry , and the world travel and tourism council estimates at the present time that two million jobs could be lost in europe . posti
i appeal to you , madam president , to use your good offices to impress upon the commission the concern of this house about the impact of the atrocities of 11 september in europe where thousands , if not millions , of jobs are at risk . posti
it is extremely important , if this house is to demonstrate its relevance to the lives of the citizens of europe , that we should use our influence to save these jobs and to ensure that the commission does not apply rigid , ideologically-based guidelines in the current situation . posti
once again , the approach of profit , job cuts and investment has led to a lapse in safety and has caused an ecological and human disaster . posti
to bring down costs , expenditure on maintenance and storage was reduced , jobs were cut and with complete disregard for safety , work was given to sub-contractors who employed under-trained temporary staff . posti
the most effective lobby groups do their job , which is not to represent society at large - that is this elected parliament 's duty - but to represent their own vested interest . per
this is a job that elected politicians should do . compito
i understand i may have created concern because , when faced with such clear evidence of a process , parliament may say , ' but that is our job ! ' ruolo
this calls into question work permits attached to a particular job and company . posti
we therefore need to lay down a strategy for a sustainable immigration policy in which national and local institutions can play a major part in using objective criteria to identify occupational needs and the availability of jobs , accommodation , social services and training for all those who ask to come and live and work in our member states . posti
the rapporteur , mr evans , has made a fine job of this . eccellente
some regions , such as lorraine , have taken years to recover from the companies that were closed down and the jobs that were lost . posti
mr president , in principle our group agrees with the report by mr titley , who has done an excellent job in the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy . lavoro
i pay tribute also to my predecessor in this job for laying the seeds of this kind of good cooperation with the european humanitarian ngos . gettato
it is a pity that the eu as such is not represented in the un system , so that the commission and parliament are only observers , although the president-in-office did a very good job . lavoro
the jobs created are for the highly qualified and in a sector with a future , namely high technology . impieghi
the building-up of the infrastructure and the many potential applications could create up to 100 000 jobs in the next few years and result in high earnings in the market . posti
the galileo programme is all the more important because it guarantees that the high technology and the activity of our industries will be maintained in the future , since 150 000 jobs will be created . posti
we must also emphasise the invaluable contribution that a project of this scale would make to the creation of new jobs - more than one hundred thousand - and we are talking about highly qualified posts . posti
i would like to point out that we need to encourage women in their individual and collective efforts , such as setting up companies , and we need to encourage women 's non-governmental organisations to take an innovative approach to social activities which have a positive impact on social cohesion and job creation . posti
a change in the system could lead to a drop in investment in research and development of european products and the impact on jobs could be significant . occupazione
those who pretend they are defending the consumer are in fact protecting the parallel import circuits that pose a threat to quality , innovation and jobs by promoting counterfeits . occupazione
air transport infrastructure is a vital factor in industries ' choice of where to locate their plant , and therefore vital in terms of jobs too . occupazione
he also emphasises the need to take into consideration the needs of the smes , since they represent 60 million undertakings and 60 % of jobs in the european union . posti
job losses are mounting in the airline industry . occupazione
the jobs shed at many european airlines will never be filled again . posti
these job losses in turn affect nearly every aspect of an economy . posti
it is also clear that the european central bank and the various national euro changeover boards have done an excellent job in marketing the new euro economy . lavoro
in a european union that claims to be concerned with social problems , committed to the creation of jobs and the fight against social exclusion and poverty , maintaining monetary stability at any cost cannot continue to be considered as a priority , when we know that the consequences will be more unemployment , more salary restrictions and more poverty . occupazione
it is simply not true that inflation can create jobs . posti
mr president , i would first like to express my thanks to the rapporteur and my colleagues messrs harbour and beysen who , in the responsible committee , have done an excellent job of including and taking into account the views expressed by the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy on this matter . lavoro
that means that we are failing to realise the enormous potential for growth and establish a framework in which millions of new jobs can be created . posti
it was not my job to grant it by virtue of an agreement made in the corridors . concederlo
at the same time , the regulation is a legal rush job and a mockery of all the grand statements to the effect that the fight against terrorism should not be perceived as a war against islam or the arab world . pastrocchio
in terms of freezing salaries , widespread lack of job security , mass redundancies , savings on public services and attacks against social protection , capitalist europe has no need for institutional harmonisation in order to be united .  
a degree of commitment to solving social problems , job creation and combating social exclusion and poverty require no longer attaching priority to maintaining monetary stability at all costs , when we know that the consequences of this will be further unemployment , wage caps and more poverty . posti
the competition policy applied has resulted in large branches of european industry dismissing workers and losing important shares of the global market and hundreds of thousands of jobs . posti
the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs has caused unemployment to spiral . posti
it now appears that this committee itself practises discrimination on the grounds of age , in that it is impossible to apply for a job there unless you are younger than 45 . assunzione
it is reckoned that approximately eur 2.5 billion will be lost by the european aviation industry between now and the end of the year , and that some 20 000 jobs will be lost . posti
every single job lost in the european aviation industry as a result of the commission 's decision , will create an ever-widening pool of resentment towards europe , not towards national governments which may be pursuing their own agendas . NULL
i am delighted to have the support of mr von boetticher , who has done an excellent job . lavoro
however , we feel that the european council is continuing to do an appalling job , which , moreover , consists both of greatly increasing the number of databanks , and of greatly increasing the amount of data . lavoro
mr goebbels has done a sound job of work , something i want to emphasise here today . lavoro
i mention this because , during its twelve years in power , the fraga government has been constantly concerned about the issues and problems arising from the lack of employment in galicia , and for this reason , during the latest election campaign , it made a commitment to providing jobs for the young unemployed under the age of 30 consisting of a one-year contract for those who have been out of work or unemployed for six consecutive years . disoccupati
if we want to become a knowledge-based economy that is both competitive and dynamic , able to grow economically in a sustainable fashion , with more and better jobs and with greater social cohesion , so that we can once again meet the conditions necessary for full employment , we should encourage the coordination of employment policies between member states , upholding , of course , the right to make decisions that correspond to the particular circumstances of each member state , the exchange of good practices , including the aforementioned forms of participation for social partners and also local lavoro
it will provide galician youth with the chance to become integrated into the labour market , make it easier for them to gain the necessary training and experience , both in their quest for a first job as well as subsequently being able to keep that job or to move on to other jobs . impiego
this is three years too many , which have been punctuated by social catastrophes , with rapid liquidation of businesses and loss of jobs due to bankruptcy and genuine distortions in community social law on information and consultation of workers . posti
we also support amendments which clarify and widen the scope of the information that must be provided to employees ' representatives , and the amendment proposing the latter may request a decision ' s application be suspended , pending the outcome of new negotiations , where this decision has serious effects on jobs . occupazione
in my previous job as managing director of a large uk food manufacturing company , i was very proud to lead the first such company in the whole of the west midlands region to achievement of the coveted investors people award . NULL
mr president , first i would like to apologise : in my introduction i did not mention mrs jensen , and i would really like to congratulate her on an excellent job . lavoro
as far as mrs ghilardotti is concerned , we all know what a difficult job she had and she has . compito
we can see that the countries that perform best have created jobs on the basis of a solid financial policy and have got to grips with the necessary structural reforms earlier than others . posti
we must also ask ourselves the question : who , then , actually creates jobs ? posti
it is , far more , the small and medium-sized enterprises that create the most jobs . posti
the commission ' s focus on better jobs is very encouraging , for better jobs and better working conditions for women are among the prerequisites for having more women in paid employment . lavoro
precarious and low-paid jobs which require little in the way of qualifications and in which women are over-represented at present are hardly going to attract women . posti
in this economic slow-down , member states must prove that the lisbon objectives , being sustainable growth , full employment and quality of jobs , were not simply prescribed for periods of boom , but must also remain applicable now . posti
the unemployed must be made better qualified to obtain jobs . they must be given more incentives to get into employment . lavoro
that is the first pillar . secondly , entrepreneurship must be promoted so that we see more companies and jobs created , partly through the removal of constricting regulations and bureaucratic arrangements . posti
many points have been registered under the four pillars , and i believe we are coming to a point at which it is worth considering whether we are pinning too much on this process , for the more objectives we add to the process , the more we are also in danger of watering down the cooperation and perhaps losing sight of the real goals , namely those of creating more jobs and getting the unemployed into work . posti
the luxembourg procedure has been very focused upon improving the supply of labour , but this presupposes that there are job opportunities and that current economic policy is creating job opportunities and countering the trend towards economic recession . occupazione
every effort must be made to secure the maximum number of jobs . posti
one pillar of the employment strategy , the entrepreneurial spirit , calls for priority to be given to the creation and growth of smes , which have enormous potential for job creation , as we can see from the most recent data from eurostat , which shows that micro-enterprises with between one and nine workers made the greatest increase in terms of job creation in the european union . posti
the money needed to finance jobs must be deducted from the wealth accumulated by shareholders , past and present , and from the resources held by banks . posti
i would nevertheless like to tell commissioner diamantopoulou , who works so hard to help workers and to increase the number of jobs throughout europe , that , as representative of the pensioners ' party , i believe that , if we are to have more jobs , we must reduce the cost of labour : we must , therefore , reduce the cost of pension services and contributions while still increasing the size of pensions . posti
the call to increase the eu 's fund for job creation comes at a time when the eu is attempting to coordinate its employment strategies by the so-called open method of coordination . posti
moreover , the report also recognises the valid and worthwhile role that local and regional authorities can play in the process of job creation . occupazione
looking back historically , we are doing a better job every year and this is certainly due partly to the work done by the rapporteurs . meglio
i can fully understand why money must go into the reserve and i can fully understand why there is increasing concern about the way the agencies operate , but we need to give them the appropriate resources to do their job and that particularly applies in the case of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy . compito
it is never an easy job to steer something through this house , as i know , and i think that they should be warmly applauded . so
the job of general rapporteur is a tough and demanding one , but mr costa neves has managed well and my group supports his policy on the commission ' s budget . lavoro
i think that they have both done an excellent job . lavoro
distorted competition in markets leads to the loss of jobs and income . posti
this situation is leading to major difficulties in the economy and putting jobs at risk . posti
mr president , commissioner , this report on the implementation of innovative measures laid down in the european social fund , which has been so well produced by the rapporteur , mrs kratsa-tsagaropoulou , considers innovative measures and pilot projects on a european level relating to labour markets , professional employment and training , study , exchange of experience and also community dialogue , which is an extremely important instrument for the creation of jobs and social cohesion . posti
the priority objective of the european union , as laid down at the lisbon summit , is to turn the european union into the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic development , with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
this also covers the issue whereby a person must have the right to return to the same job , or at least a similar one , and with the same terms and conditions of employment , after a period of maternity leave , for example . posto
many necessary improvements have been made to the measures against sexual intimidation and in connection with adoption leave and a woman ' s right to return to her old job after maternity leave . lavoro
for precisely this reason , we need not just to ensure that a woman has the right to resume her job when maternity leave comes to an end but , in order to genuinely protect working mothers , we need to be able to provide them with more flexible legislation on parental leave , allowing fathers to benefit from paternity leave too so that they can attend to the child during its first few months of life . lavoro
the new directive certainly responds to the change in the situation which has taken place over the last twenty-five years as regards women 's employment and vocational training and replaces an outdated legislative framework which has done what it can to combat discrimination against women , serious infringements of the principle of equality , higher unemployment rates , the exclusion of women from numerous professions and the general division of the job market along gender lines . lavoro
however , i feel that the directive could be clearer in defining purely objective selection criteria for all jobs and should not leave loopholes for gender-based exceptions and exclusions . lavoro
furthermore , the formula whereby a woman on maternity leave should be entitled , after the end of her period of maternity leave , to return to her job or to an equivalent post must be taken on board . occupazione
we also need to think about small and medium-sized enterprises so that they too accept women looking for jobs . lavoro
now as before , the lisbon way is the right one , relying as it does on growth that is supported by investment and creates jobs and , above all , on mutual support in economic , employment and social policy . occupazionali
the pursuit of the second wave of the feminist movement in the 60s and 70s was strongly focused on enabling women to get on in paid jobs . lavori
on average , women were not as highly trained as men , and even if they were , due to male domination , they often got the jobs with the lowest status and the lowest income . incarichi
highly trained women were right to claim access to jobs from which , in those days , they were almost automatically excluded . posti
cleaning offices or stacking shelves in supermarkets are not demanding jobs , and , in many cases , not to be preferred to the role of housewife . occupazioni
most women now have a paid job , while men do not work fewer hours to look after and raise the children . lavoro
as for subsidised job schemes , not only have they been completely ineffectual in combating unemployment , the money has generally gone straight into the employers ' pockets and workers have been replaced by the subsidised unemployed , resulting in constant infringements of collective agreements . posti
whilst the report recognises that full employment can be achieved through further structural reforms of the labour market , it also calls for increased investment in training , especially for job seekers . lavoro
this would , in any case , enable the european council to be freed from arbitration and from policy coordination , so that it can fully devote itself to its real job of providing political impetus and defining guidelines for the european union . compito
it has been raised by other members , such as mrs malmström , who has done an excellent job on the issue of transparency , as , of course , has mrs maij-weggen , but what i want to say to the council is that european citizens are not just interested in what the council decides ; they are far more interested in why it decides what it does . lavoro
in the midst of all this , however , commissioner lamy has found time to do a good and adequate job of briefing the parliamentary delegation that is leaving for doha . informata
i agree with you , mrs pack , that the european agency for reconstruction in kosovo has done a good job and i think that everyone would recognise that . lavoro
the prospects for new jobs are very limited because those who are made redundant are often older , unqualified workers . ricollocamento
according to china online , an estimated 30 % of the agricultural labour force is surplus to requirements , meaning that 120 million farmers will have to look for jobs in the cities . occupazione
the chinese government itself , which does not exactly exaggerate the difficulties , estimates that , because of cheaper grain imports , 9.7 million farmers will lose their jobs within seven years of beijing joining the wto . 7
substantial sums have already been handed out to the bosses in this sector , allowing them to move over to lucrative new sectors , while many of the workers whose jobs have been abolished are still unemployed . posti
this report proposes the integration of social security assistance into the budget of the european union ; but there is a need to guarantee , as a minimum , that all the workers affected by future job losses will receive the whole of their salary up to the age of retirement . soppressioni
it is trying to impose standards on member states in which the protection of jobs , the environment and public services is subordinated to freedom of trade and the protection of big multinational companies . lavoro
i therefore hope , that the house approves the commission proposal and that when the ministers for agriculture meet in council , they do their job properly , and accept the positions of this house . lavoro
while , therefore , we share the environmental concern to protect the alpine environment of the val d ' aosta , we must not fail to take into account the economic interests - including jobs - that the tunnel implies , particularly for the valley itself and also for italy as a whole . posti
international fisheries agreements are trade agreements as the council of the european union acknowledged , even though they are dedicating more and more of their own funds to cooperation , yet they are of fundamental importance to cover the deficit in the supply of fish in the european union and for jobs in europe ' s objective 1 regions that we must also treat as a priority . occupazione
its negative effects are well-known and , coupled with the blocking of aid for new construction , it bolsters the second-hand market and dissuades young people from going into jobs connected with fishing . mestieri
mr president , commissioner , let us forget magps and perfect the quota system ; then we will be doing a good job . lavoro
the fisheries agreements are exceedingly important to certain regions of europe in which , in addition to jobs in the sector itself , there is a range of additional businesses dependent upon fisheries . occupazione
in this case , the community fleet , industry and market are ensured a stable supply of a raw material , tuna , of which we have a considerable deficit , by means of our own fleet , which means that many community jobs will be retained , not only in the extractive sector , but also in the activities dependent on it . posti
madam president , after listening to the explanation given by mr watson , whom i would like to wish a long presidency of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , for he does this job so well , my group withdraws its proposal and adopts the one tabled by mr watson . egregiamente
finally , mrs maij-weggen has done an excellent job on this and now is the time for the commission to ensure that the treaty is respected and that the regulations flowing therefrom are brought before parliament . lavoro
at present , members , committees and parliament itself cannot do their jobs properly because of excessive secrecy . riservatezza
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the commission ' s job has been greatly simplified in this debate , because it needs only to fully agree with the speech by mr marinho , whom i should like to congratulate on his excellent report . compito
this proposal alone defends the interests of consumers without doing away with european jobs on a massive scale . posti
here again the commission has played right into the hands of those who want to drive jobs out of the eu and who pretend that , just because the eu is imposing a ban on sending uces within its territory , such a ban will be respected by people in japan , the philippines , the usa or anywhere else . occupazione
it makes much more economic sense to have a trade in meat than a trade in live animals , because jobs are then created within the eu . occupazione
commissioner , once more in this parliament we are giving in to the temptation to tell the commission exactly what it should be presenting us with , in great detail , in the next proposals for a directive they submit to us , to the extent that we are practically doing their job for them . lavoro
but it is the commission 's job to step up pressure on the member states , and we will be glad to help out . compito
in our view , the current economic situation and the numerous job losses that have been announced in recent weeks , coupled with the fact that , even during a period of strong growth , we have had an average unemployment rate of 8 % in recent years , highlight the absolute need to develop services of general interest . lavoro
but the law of profitability is not more rational where consumer products , such as food , clothing , medicines or even jobs are concerned - it is , undoubtedly , more harmful still . posti
we all know , however , that in sectors that have already been liberalised , the expected gains in productivity have not been met ; that the erosion of public services has caused standards of quality of service and of safety to fall ; that , for employees , the ' gradual and controlled ' opening up to market forces has led to staff cuts and greater job insecurity , and has caused inequalities in regional development .  
we need efficient public transport , at the service of the citizens , which contributes to rebalancing the transport systems and preventing a future situation of gridlock within the european transport system , which would damage our productive , economic and competitive capacity , job creation and above all the quality of life of our citizens . posti
i know that he has had a difficult job , but his shadow does not always have an easy time of it either . compito
but the greater good is the objective of competitiveness , and the growth and jobs which it creates . posti
this discussion about ports is also about jobs , attractive business propositions and public profile , and i want to take part in it , we need to define transparency rules for the calculation of costs and the use of public funds by ports , in order to establish fair competition within ports and between them . occupazione
competing pilotage and towage services are at the expense of safety , working conditions and job security . occupazione
mr president , here we are , all worried about our dependence on imported fuels and energy , worried about the future of our economy and our jobs , and yet we have mr fitzsimons and mr kronberger bemoaning and belittling one of the main potential sources for meeting that problem , the nuclear energy solution . posti
i would say - and mr chichester 's excellent report bears this out - that unless we diversify our sources of supply of energy , especially by promoting indigenous supplies of energy , we will be in trouble with our economy and our jobs in the future . posti
the chemical industry is the third largest processing industry in europe , and , according to the commission 's figures , provides 4.7 million jobs in almost 40 000 firms , most of them small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
it is our opinion that only a balanced system can ensure the production of high-value products within the european union , the safeguarding of jobs in it , and the improved protection of people and the environment . occupazionale
in the debate that took place while the report was coming to fruition , many objections expressed the fear that stricter regulations would put jobs and economic development at risk . occupazione
that is an anxiety which must , of course , be taken entirely seriously but , at the same time , it is necessary to raise one ' s sights and look beyond jobs and the economy . occupazione
economic growth and access to jobs can never be invoked to prevent necessary requirements concerning the use of chemicals , work on achieving sustainable development and a high level of protection of public health and of employees . occupazione
what is the use of jobs and a sound economy if we poison our countryside and destroy what is essential for future generations ? lavoro
that means rigorous management of risk , without damaging unnecessarily the many small- and medium-sized firms that make up the chemical industry which has its risks but also brings jobs , benefits and safety for our citizens . posti
mr president , as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs on the caudron report , i should like to offer the rapporteur our committee ' s congratulations and thanks for the job he has done , which was not a simple one . lavoro
we would also point out that multipurpose ports such as piraeus , which support and serve the shipbuilding and repair industry , can only do their job efficiently if they remain in the public sector . efficacemente
the necessary restructuring of industry came to a halt , and no new jobs were created . posti
subject : age discrimination does the council propose to change its current policy of discriminating against job applicants aged 45 and over in the light of the european ombudsman 's current investigation into whether such age discrimination amounts to maladministration ? lavoro
i should like to ask the president-in-office of the council what measures are being taken to treat all job applications equally ? assunzione
of these 400 who live in sesimbra , 150 are already over 55 years old , which means they can be moved into early retirement , since at this age it is difficult to retrain them for a different job .  
at stake are jobs and the way the people of europe perceive the eu . lavoro
i also hope that this house will approve the proposal by the committee on fisheries and that the council will do the job it has to do . dovere
there is an economic tool at european level - i refer to the european social fund - which can be used in three ways : first through the european employment strategy , for training and retraining employees made redundant or , often , in order to help them maintain their skills , which they risk losing on such a specialised job market . lavoro
it is true to say that since the attacks on the usa in september the aviation industry has suffered catastrophic consequences , not least on passenger confidence , but in addition for the tens of thousands of jobs which have already been lost worldwide and in particular across europe . posti
in short , the situation is a disgrace , not least because job losses outlined two months ago by many businesses are already escalating due to the lack of help . posti
in this way , i feel we will also be able to meet the needs of the trade unions and workers very well , aware that this is the right way to ensure that there genuinely will be jobs in the long term . lavoro
the real response to the employment problem is therefore , of course , to relaunch growth and general policies of social solidarity and job creation . posti
this motion for a european parliament resolution refers to a host of necessary measures , for example compensation for the closure of airspace and airports , financial support or guarantees from the member states to compensate for insurance cover being withdrawn , proposals on providing financial support to the european air transport sector so as to establish a level playing field with the united states and strategies to safeguard or create jobs . posti
it is clear today that , in the current situation , the issue has reached dramatic , critical proportions , with the loss of at least 30 thousand jobs in europe and 180 thousand jobs worldwide . posti
it is preparing itself to take draconian measures , with a further 1 000 job cuts on top of the 2 500 already announced . posti
in belgium , the small- and medium-sized enterprises expect one redundancy per job lost at sabena . lavoro
mr president , faced with the social catastrophe which the collapse of sabena represents for belgium , i should like to add a little humanity to this sitting , by dedicating my first words to all those who , from one day to the next , found themselves , to put it bluntly , deprived of their jobs . lavoro
since the american aid is considerable , i believe that there should be compensatory aid in the air transport sector , but that it should also be made conditional upon maintaining jobs . occupazionali
there can be no doubt that this situation is here to stay and , the more capital is concentrated , the more the workers and consumers will be expected to pick up the tab in the form of job losses and more and more expensive tickets . pagheranno
restoring public confidence means getting security screening right and improving the quality of staff , training , job procedures , pay and conditions . lavoro
mr president , the international transport agency anticipates that a total of 200 000 people will lose their jobs in the airline industry worldwide in the wake of the attacks . posti
at the same time , however , the member states have given new commitments , with the definition , in nice , of the objectives of the fight against poverty , and in stockholm , where they committed themselves to promoting sustainable development and quality jobs , confirming their desire to thereby contribute to reducing the risk of poverty and social exclusion . occupazione
in the previous debate we talked about the virtues of the market in terms of sustaining airlines , yet we talk less of the 12 000 jobs at sabena . posti
similarly , we very often deal with water in our jobs and households .  
of course this is about environmental safety , but it is also about competitive and innovative jobs in the chemical industry . posti
madam president , my congratulations to the rapporteur on a job well done , together with my thanks for his help in ensuring that the amendments needed to the overall endeavour were accepted . lavoro
access to the job market depends on education and we need to focus on this . lavoro
but let me tell you that i think you are doing a very good job , and i would like to say that this belgian presidency has maintained an excellent attitude towards the european parliament , one that has been based upon collaboration , participation , listening and , in short , the desire to work together . lavoro
it is our conviction that secure jobs , favourable working conditions and appropriate workers ' rights do not diminish productivity and economic growth and hence the creation of jobs , but , on the contrary , promote them . posti
we want a strategy for more and better jobs . posti
quality of work involves job satisfaction , which improves employees ' motivation , and health and safety at work improve as well . lavoro
moreover , quality of work involves equal treatment of both sexes , the reconciliation of work and family life , and measures to keep older people in the job market . lavoro
the adaptability of enterprises and their capacity to deal with structural change will be particularly important in creating new and better jobs , and minimum standards across europe are needed to ensure that employees are involved in this , informed and consulted in due time , and thereby enabled to adjust to change . lavoro
creating jobs is not enough : they must not be precarious , employees must be able to live with dignity and must be paid on time , unlike the current situation in portugal , which , despite the low official rate of unemployment , still has the lowest salaries in the european union , and where job insecurity is growing worse , the number of companies that are behind in paying their employees is increasing and it is becoming more and more difficult to develop areas that are reaching crisis point . posti
around 200 000 directly-related jobs have already been lost worldwide , 30 000 in the eu alone , and this is just the tip of the iceberg . posti
indeed , it is the first time that the european union has managed , in talking with one voice , to do a reasonable job in the balkans , in macedonia , something which we would have liked to have seen a long time ago . riesce
i have been in this job for just over two years and what i am going to say does not suggest that all that has happened is because there has been a new commission - i am not suggesting that at all . tema
i approached the report - a daunting task , and i do not know if i have been up to the job you asked me to do - guided by a principle which , to me , is absolutely fundamental : i did not consider going beyond the point where progress came up against the sanctity of human life , where it started to conflict with respect for human dignity . compito
mr president , i would like to join in the congratulations being expressed : our colleague , mr fiori , has done a tremendous job which has led to a mature and sound outcome . lavoro
then the retraining and the job security of staff can be paid for , in the short term , from new tax income , without granting further subsidies to companies . riqualificazione
such actions are generally those of salaried employees - of workers , not bin ladens - who , threatened by privatisation , organise themselves to defend their conditions of work , their jobs and , indeed , the tools with which they work . posti
the basis of the proposal is to punish as an act of terrorism anything aimed at threatening ' and seriously altering or destroying the political , economic , or social structures of a country ' , that is to say any questioning of injustice and the established order such as the occupation by the homeless of empty housing or by the unemployed of job centres or of organisations managing unemployment insurance payments or , indeed , european demonstrations against organisations such as the imf , wto or the world bank . impiego
it is your job , commissioner , to invite the member states to send only the cream of the cream . compito
it is also your job , the commission 's job , to convey to the member states that supervision and control are the most basic tasks of the member states , something you have criminally neglected in recent years . compito
i commend the rapporteur , mr whitehead , and the shadow rapporteur , mr bowis , for a job well done throughout the discussion in the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy . lavoro
it is our job to respond and ensure that our legislative framework in the eu can deliver competition and consumer benefits . compito
what effects can we expect to see on jobs ? occupazione
i am sure it would be good for jobs , good for growth , good for equal access for all . occupazione
report on financial assistance for innovative and job creating smes occupazione
interest-rate subsidies paid out amount to over eur 93 million rather than the eur 100 million that had been envisaged , yet , all the same , 54 000 new jobs were created where 33 000 had been expected . posti
what about the quality of jobs in innovative fields ? posti
but the report does not deal adequately with the crucial issue of whether jobs were actually created by these financial instruments . occupazione
the stated intention of the sme guarantee facility is to stimulate job creation by supporting the investment activities of smes within the eu through increased availability of loan finance . posti
the estimate for job creation is an average 1.3 new jobs per sme over 2 years which is described as substantial . occupazione
to prove that member states and the european institutions are no strangers to a bit of hypocrisy , this increased financial assistance is proposed in the name of job creation . occupazione
public money should go to public services , to health , education , and public transport , which could and should create many more useful jobs for everyone than these start-ups , which swallow up money without showing how they are of use to society . posti
it is absurd that as part of the agreement , the eu should pay money to the governments of those countries in order to help the fishermen to find other jobs .  
in the last few years , smes and micro-companies have been responsible for creating the largest number of new jobs . posti
i would like to stress , firstly , the need for the commission to indicate clearly in future the degree to which forecasts of job creation actually materialise . occupazione
with the signs of a slump in the economy becoming more and more marked , smes and jobs are the first to go and the generally limited and short-term jobs linked to the occasional subsidy do nothing to counteract this . posti
thus , in the final analysis , no one apart from the european investment bank , knows which sme is being supported and what funding plans and jobs will result . posti
the highly important specific weight of smes in the economy of each country is being ignored , despite its having been proven that they represent the backbone of the business sector in europe and are the only enterprises to have created any jobs over recent years . posti
it is a good job that it was proposed because it has ' saved our bacon ' for the last three years . fortuna
i would like you to know that hopefully , between the vote on thursday and the not-too-distant future , we can all be in a position where we can see the commission 's proposals coming to fruition and we can get on with the job of making europe the place that the citizens expect it to be and not associated with the great mystique that it represents for too many of them right now . applicarci
mr dover , please think of the many jobs involved , as mr prodi has done . posti
it is they , of course , who have provided us with these documents for today ' s debate , and i believe they have done an outstanding job . lavoro
the ec treaty would merely deal with the appointment , the dismissal and the responsibilities of the european public prosecutor and the main elements of his or her job specification . destituzione
the commission will launch a policy dialogue with the mediterranean partners on employment policy , sharing eu experience on ways of combating unemployment and of creating new jobs . posti
does the commissioner know , for example , that in italy , in order to get a pension , many women are forced to sign on at the job centre as if they were looking for a job , thus altering the unemployment figures ? collocamento
so what we need today is resolve as much as method , in order not to disappoint public opinion ' s legitimate expectations as also the men and women whose job it is to protect our freedom , guarantee our security and ensure that justice becomes more accessible . lavorino
i find it irresponsible that if a parliament wants to give its committee on citizens ' freedoms the resources to do its job , it does not to give it the staff needed to assist the colleagues who are responsible for the committee ' s reports . lavoro
as is well known , these fishing agreements with third countries account for 25 % of the supply of the community market and represent around 50 000 jobs . posti
in order to help the local economy and create jobs in the country itself , we have agreed that demersal fish trawlers must now land a larger proportion of their catches in mauritania . posti
i do not believe that it is the european union 's job to fund the promotion of chinese , argentinean or mexican honey : these are honeys which do not guarantee traceability in any shape or form , which are not subject to quality control , which do not comply with our standards and which are often nothing but flavoured glucose syrups . votata
from now on , women will acquire equal opportunities in access to jobs , medical care and the right to vote on a par with men . posti
i recognise that improving the situation of disadvantaged regions and areas through research investment is part of the process of building up skills and human capital , which will help bring jobs to such regions . posti
i must stress , however , that to achieve this result it would be important to set up a single european internet site that gathered together all job requests and offers from all 15 states in the union . lavoro
the delegates in laeken palace did not hear the stentorian voice of the hundreds of thousands of demonstrators from all over europe : the voice of the poor , of the unemployed , of the people with no job security and of the victims of soul-destroying exploitation who actually create our wealth . stentorea
mr president , apart from the fact that it is only partially present in this house , i believe we must acknowledge that the belgian presidency has not disappointed and that it has been up to the job of dealing with these clearly very difficult circumstances . altezza
i am the president of the european sme-union , and it is therefore a matter of concern to me that i should point out over and over again that our primary goals should include the safeguarding of existing jobs and the creation of new ones . lavoro
at the end of the day , it is the small and medium-sized enterprises that provide two-thirds of all jobs , pay 80 % of all taxes and train 85 % of young workers . posti
i strongly believe that members of this parliament do an excellent job carrying out our legislative , budgetary and control functions . lavoro
on the other hand , there is a sector , and i would draw your attention to this , where these two categories are more than amply represented , and that is the cleaning staff , the people whose job is to look after our comfort . confort
do not panic : the right people are on the job and hopefully we will have no more problems . occupando
we need the economic growth that will generate jobs and a better quality of life . occupazione
if there is no change , we will end up with less growth and less jobs . occupazione
more needs to be done to remove the obstacles that still prevent people from finding employment or which make it difficult for them to keep their jobs . mantenerlo
education , training and research really are the keys to economic renewal , sustainable growth and job creation . posti
we believe that europe is not going to improve its economic cohesion and development by means of policies of liberalisation and privatisation , by means of employment deregulation which endangers jobs and by reducing levels of social protection and by tax reforms which make fiscal systems less sufficient and less progressive . precariato
mr aznar , i know that you have a difficult job , that the international context , in political and economic terms , is complicated and furthermore , as has been said , that the belgian presidency has set a very high standard . compito
this parliament had insisted on these two measures in the watson report - and i would like to congratulate him on his election and also on his words - and i believe we have done a positive job with the council and the commission in implementing it . lavoro
the lisbon policy mix of mutually supportive economic reform , full employment , social cohesion and sustainable development needs to be reinforced through concrete measures that increase the potential for growth and job creation . posti
i do not have a problem with it in general terms , but specifically with regard to the fact that , in the region in which i live , more than 30 000 jobs have been lost as a direct result of restructuring . posti
in view of the unsatisfactory text produced by the commission , the rapporteur has done a good job , but further action must not be limited to contributions to discussion . lavoro
independence means our own strength , autonomous structures and jobs geared to the future . posti
these are the kinds of reports which we passed on to the then chairman with great pleasure , and i wish you every success in your next job in this transport environment . lasciavamo
we talk about the problem of unemployment , then we pass directives that destroy jobs . posti
it was no easy task and i think that mrs miguélez has done a brilliant job . lavoro
the operators know that conserving fish stocks is the best way to preserve their jobs and they are therefore on our side . ricchezza
without a sound scientific basis , it is rash to want to cut back on industrial fishing , something which would have major consequences for jobs in the fisheries sector . posti
in the final analysis , the decisive factor for us is that , in future , the job will require not only a driving licence , but also specialised knowledge of the areas of service provision , health protection , safety and logistics . professione
if drivers had enjoyed extensive education , this was not deemed relevant to this job . lavoro
650 scots , mostly women , face the prospect tonight of losing their jobs and their livelihoods . lavoro
i ask the president of parliament to write to levi strauss to ask why it is shedding so many european jobs and why it has not properly consulted its workforce . posti
the industry , in discussion with met institutes and the social partners , should intensify its efforts to develop career paths , training and job content that take account of opportunities available in the wider maritime sector , following time employed at sea . professionali
at that time , seafarers were fortunate individuals with extremely high wages ; jobs as crewmembers of both passenger and cargo ships and even oil tankers were sought after . posti
eighteen million small and medium-sized enterprises in europe create 75 % of european jobs and pay 80 % of the taxes . posti
with regard to this document , i would like to say that sailors and seafarers ' chief complaint about their job is that it is not stable and that when they arrive in port - as we all know , after a day ashore they cannot wait to get back on board - they have to wait months and months , sometimes years there . lavoro
eight thousand british jobs are being put at risk as a result of this state of affairs , including in my own area of the east of england . posti
i therefore also welcome the conclusion that it comes to , namely the checks before long-term resident status is granted , such as the requirement for legal residence over a period of five years and checks being made as to whether the person in question has sufficient funds available for himself and for the family that can expect him to provide for them , or the requirement that he has a job and has social and retirement insurance . lavoro
this fits in with the pursuit of a socio-economically ambitious europe , as expressed in the lisbon objectives , a dynamic and competitive economy with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
mr president , i should also like to warmly congratulate the rapporteur for a job well done and for his efforts to obtain consensus , which were not altogether successful in my case , as i continued to insist that we deal with a lower surface area than it was possible to agree on . lavoro
small and medium-sized enterprises at present account for more than 60 per cent of eu jobs . posti
moreover , i was sure she would do a good job , for mrs ghilardotti was chairman of the regional council of lombardy , the largest region in italy , when i was a regional councillor , and this document will certainly help workers to take part in the life of the undertaking they depend on for a living . lombardia
it will not , of course , stop job losses but it will prevent situations from arising where employees read that they are being made redundant in the newspaper . licenziamenti
it will also enable preparations for large-scale job losses to be made if they are inevitable . lavoro
the six-year exemption unfortunately shows that the uk government has learned nothing from that experience and workers in wales will continue to be amongst the most vulnerable in europe to job losses . licenziamenti
this discrimination affects people who , mainly in the 1960s , were attracted as ' guest workers ' from turkey or morocco to come and fill the most unpleasant and worst paid jobs . lavori
i would also point out that in some very poor areas with a high level of delinquency , such as the province of caserta , tobacco succeeds in literally keeping3 000 workers off the breadline , and these jobs would be placed in extreme jeopardy . lavorative
it must be said that if the accountants of enron had been one-hundredth as diligent as the imf is , month by month , in looking at how our money is spent in the palestinian territories , a lot more people would still have jobs and pensions to look forward to . lavoro
we all know that sort of destruction of infrastructure , health and education services , people 's livelihood and jobs destroys hope and any prospect of political stability and security . posti
in the last few months , with the reconstruction agency starting to do as good a job in fyrom as elsewhere in the region , we have already repaired 400 houses , there will be 300 more repaired by april ; electricity has been restored in aracinovo ; water and electricity are restored in kumanovo . bene
he will work in the enterprise directorate-general and his job will be to act as liaison officer on issues such as opportunities for smes to acquire funding and exploit innovation as well as matters to do with competitiveness , better regulation , implementation of the internal market process , participation in eu programmes and how best to enhance consultation procedures . funge
i believe that new jobs have been created precisely by these initiatives , which also involve very substantial investments . anche
naturally , the job market was reformed and training and proactive employment policy structures and mechanisms were created during the course of the second community support framework . secondo
here too , in comparison with other countries , unemployment is very high among the young in greece , 29 % , mainly because the various types of part-time employment found in numerous countries , including the country you referred to , are counted as full-time jobs . posti
has anyone ever - not last year or the year before , because that would be impossible - but let us say five years ago ; has anyone ever actually counted how many jobs have been created over a period of time from funds budgeted for job creation , just to give us a snapshot of exactly how efficient it is . posti
mr president , may i assure the honourable member that the european commission shares her concerns about the impact of undeclared work , the impact of losses on the public purse , the impact on the job market and the impact on the pension system . lavoro
because undeclared work impacts not just on pension schemes , it also impacts on free competition and , of course , protection for workers , because we are hardly talking high-powered jobs here . posti
he will do an excellent job and he will want to engage with others who are working alongside him in an enthusiastic and transparent way . NULL
for that reason , reductions in state aid and effective monitoring strengthen the competitiveness of the european economy and thus boost economic growth and the creation of jobs . posti
it is clear , however , that new and permanent jobs will not be created by trying to maintain dilapidated structures . posti
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to thank mr olsson for his good and critical report , which does a thorough job of highlighting some difficult points . esita
in a free market , the person who manages to produce in the cheapest manner wins the competitive battle , even if this is at the expense of jobs , the environment , animal welfare and public health . lavoro
mr president , i must congratulate mr ìusotto on his report , which is a job extremely well done . musotto
last year 9 500 jobs were lost in the manufacturing sector in the region alone . sola
one hundred and forty jobs are at stake in madeira and the azores and 40 000 in the french overseas departments . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the cane-sugar rum sector provides almost 40 000 jobs in three of the four french overseas departments . rum
by allowing producers in these departments to supply only the french market with a limited quantity of ' traditional ' rum for a seven-year period , we are giving these businesses the means to fight against stiff competition from some third countries and , in doing so , we are protecting the future of thousands of jobs . posti
and , at the heart of these measures , there must be measures for women and for involving women in education , the job market and social and economic life . lavoro
it is the commission 's job , following the forum held during the belgian presidency , to prepare a specific regional programme during 2002 containing measures on the job market , women 's networks and easier access for women to financing by developing initiatives which also relate to training . azioni
the worst affected are the young people who come from these sections of the population , who do not have employment opportunities , or in some cases find insecure jobs , without any opportunity to improve their working conditions . impieghi
thirdly , i should like to mention the forthcoming action plan on skills and mobility in the european union which the commission , by which i mean president prodi and i , are due to announce next week , the aim of which is to achieve a real european job market based on mobility and a minimum level of common skills at european level . lavoro
we must favour creating a proper business environment where employment can be created , and where proper and real jobs can be maintained within the european union . occupazione
indeed , i wonder whether , in the meantime , a predefined model and predefined frameworks exist , within which the responsibilities laid down by the agenda for the many parties involved can be exercised ; whether there is evidence of even embryonic good quality work and what its particular characteristics are ; whether the job placement systems and systems providing information on opportunities are successfully fulfilling their role and whether school and training courses are starting to be rationalised . collocamento
the production of rum has a major impact on the economy of the french overseas departments as 40 000 jobs are involved . posti
in order to preserve this traditional agricultural activity , which generates jobs at every stage of cane-sugar-rum production , the current system sets a minimum level for imports from the fod into france which is strictly limited and supervised in order to compete with the ever-increasing sales of rum from third countries , which are not subject to the same production specifications . posti
the recent demonstrations by primary school teachers and parents in the nantes region against the closure of classes and for the creation of jobs and a limit on class sizes are an illustration of this . sedi
i should like to use the last part of my intervention to comment on what is to become of traditional arrangements following the emergence of new forms of work , where the principle of flexibility and traditional job security are being turned into employability . lavoro
if we are to replace traditional job security with employability , we need a new approach to working time arrangements because new problems are emerging , such as how to turn part-time employment into full-time employment , what to do about weekly rests and the ban on working on public holidays , how far to adjust working time arrangements where paid work is turned into self-employment , how to control the application of specific working time arrangements in the case of teleworking , what new balance must be struck between home life and work and , finally of course , lavoro
the effects of the restrictions are very damaging to free movement and employment : thousands of jobs are at risk . posti
it goes without saying that , under this american operation , paramilitary teams will be shipped in after the bombings have spread death and destruction in order to finish off the job . carneficina
i would draw to the attention of all colleagues that if there are freedoms which are vitally important to the exercise of public representative office , especially in a parliament of this kind , freedom to communicate with other citizens and the citizens of other countries , and freedom to move as one chooses , is critically important , as part of doing the job . lavoro
the more we lift the tax burden from small and medium-sized enterprises and liberate them from bureaucracy as well , the more they will be able to invest and also create jobs . posti
they want to sell us the accelerated liberalisation of the markets , transport , electricity and gas , although they know that this will result in our being less capable of supplying services to combat poverty , to provide social protection ; it will bring about less territorial cohesion and fewer high-quality jobs , as all the studies have shown . posti
secondly , though , it is irresponsible for enterprises to take steps to rationalise - in other words , cut jobs - out of hand , and unjustifiably defend this by reference to the events of 11 september . posti
the new phase in the employment strategy must place more emphasis on the structural barriers to job creation , on the tax regimes and social welfare systems , and enable closer cooperation between the national services that are tackling unemployment . occupazione
that will in turn lead to basic conditions being created for new companies and new jobs , as well as to increased prosperity . posti
think of what is happening in germany , where , contrary to all common sense , the trade unions are demanding pay rises which would threaten thousands of jobs and increase inflation at a time when the largest member state of the european union is already causing us enough concern over its compliance or non-compliance with the stability pact . posti
in particular , as we look to move forward and create a new environment for the creation of new jobs and new opportunities for people within the european union , we believe that going back over old policies which have failed and rejuvenating them under a new name will not work . posti
there has been empirical evidence to prove that reducing business taxation , reducing the cost of labour , increases employment opportunities , increases real jobs with real incomes and also can lead to greater social benefits because of increased taxation delivery . posti
i agree , for i feel that we will not be able to satisfy the need for secure pensions paid regularly and on time if we do not create more jobs and reduce labour costs . lavoro
mr president , i should like to thank mr ferber for a job extremely well done , for his patience and good will and for his willingness to work with all sides of the european parliament and with the council and the commission . eccellente
i must say that these proposals cause me , as they do my fellow member , mrs flautre , a great deal of concern as to the effects they might have on working conditions , jobs and the quality of services provided with equal access for all , in other words , on the very future of public services . occupazione
in 2002 , 12 800 employees are due to retire , approximately 2 000 workers need to be recruited , which equates to 10 000 job cuts . posti
mr president , as well as congratulating the rapporteur on his excellent work now and , particularly , at first reading , we must congratulate the european institutions in general , who have succeeded in doing a good job on this issue . lavoro
it is important that we say here and now that the mere fact that we strongly approve of the principles of protecting data and that we want to move forward , and also the fact that this needs to be done quickly , does not absolve us from the job of scrutinising this proposal properly . compito
are we really going to ask the staff to tick a political affiliation box before they are appointed to a new job ? crocetta
as far as the workers are concerned , we have seen significant job losses : 300 000 have already been lost in this sector in europe . tagli
speaking as someone who has lived close to london heathrow , the busiest international airport in the world , for 30 years , and acknowledging the prosperity and jobs which flow from a successful industry , i find it extremely disappointing that perhaps some members would prefer to score party political points rather than take on board the broader picture of what is required . occupazione
it is very telling that in the week eu leaders are in barcelona , calling for eu businesses to become more competitive , and on the very day that the uk prime minister , mr blair , is spinning the line that he is so much against red tape , his socialist meps continue to pursue the same old agenda , regardless of the impact on jobs . occupazione
i urge them , even at this late stage , to vote against these amendments , to vote for jobs , to vote for reform and to vote for barcelona . posti
if we merely have , if you like , the stick approach and no carrots , then i am afraid we are going to find it more difficult to reach these standards and , at the same time , increase suffering in some of the very small enterprises in the uk county hardest hit by job losses , when we are actually spending considerable sums of money trying to create jobs there . lavoro
please answer me , but give me an answer that talks about alternative jobs and practicalities and do not try to silence us with rabble-rousing talk , or some nonsense about alternative crops . posti
at least 32 % of the total amount of aid must be allocated to social measures such as retraining for fishermen who have lost their jobs or part-financing of early retirement schemes . lavoro
it is mrs roth-behrendt 's doctor whose job it is to tell her what she should be careful of . compito
please consider that the final vote tomorrow puts 200 000 jobs across europe at risk . posti
three million jobs there depend directly on this investment , and one out of every twelve american workers is paid by a european company . NULL
it would simply be a futile effort by the americans to preserve unviable jobs in steel . posti
firstly , the rapporteur , mrs müller , who has done her job very gallantly , has been subjected to unacceptable harassment and threats . lavoro
to make matters worse , the massive job losses which will be the direct result of the measures being recommended will compound the violence which is already doing serious damage to european society . misure
it is the only position which safeguards jobs : by adopting this directive alone , members are opening the way for 450 000 jobs to be cut in this sector in europe , including 50 000 in france . posti
this has , both directly and indirectly , led to thousands of job losses in both our countries . lavoro
however , what matters is that we should also use barcelona to launch a diplomatic offensive in order to make it clear to the united states that protectionist measures of this kind only lead to major disruption in free trade and with it , to a huge upset in the creation of jobs . occupazione
it is exactly the opposite signal from the one we need : we all want to create more jobs globally . posti
over the past few years , the european steel industry has had great success in carrying out restructuring , but this has involved enormous job losses , making this a very painful process . posti
a company such as corus in the netherlands and in england will be hit extremely hard , for this latter scenario will lead to a huge number of job losses . lavoro
romania is home to sidex , closely connected to ispat , the firm controlled by lakshmi mittal , which gave tony blair and the labour party gbp 125 000 for their general election campaign and then lobbied president bush harder than anyone else to impose 30 % tariffs that would protect his united states and romanian steel interests at a potentially deadly cost to british plants and jobs . posti
those measures must be implemented in respect of all non-eu sources of steel in the form of quotas based on 1998 import levels if we are to do a proper job in protecting our own industry . extracomunitarie
finally , with regard to the unemployed worker , who during their last job resided in the territory of a member state other than the competent state , the main objective is to incorporate them as best as possible into the labour markets .  
in a nutshell , that means that we either have to rationalise , which is in the economic interest of individual companies , but not in our macroeconomic interest , as it of course involves job losses , or else we can increase turnover . economico
i believe that the rapporteurs and the committee on economic and monetary affairs have done a good job in achieving a fine balance between the various requirements at issue , and i therefore think that parliament should approve the proposals adopted in committee by a large majority . lavorato
the commission communication therefore makes provision for measures designed to create alternative jobs and profitable economic activity under rural development plans to support producers switching to other crops . posti
are you in fact guaranteeing jobs ? posti
first , it provides almost 100 000 jobs throughout europe . occupati
what good is the cleanest water to us , if there are no jobs left in coastal regions ? posti
we must accept that tobacco will then be imported from third countries , where we cannot do anything about tobacco growing , while jobs are being lost in the eu . posti
more important was the terror which preceded this , the obstructions put in place by the ruling elite in order to prevent the opposition from meeting , the monopoly of the state channels , the prevention of journalists from doing their job , the obstacles placed in the way of observers , the incidents of torture and the abductions , including even the abduction of important union leaders . the list goes on . lavoro
it is true that echo has pulled out of moldavia because echo 's job is to provide emergency aid , not resolve structural problems . missione
are they capable of doing a proper job ? lavoro
the debate we are holding today must result in a resolution that urges the commission , the council and the spanish government to do their job and to do it well . lavoro
issues such as job creation and creating the conditions to enable people to stay competitive on the labour market were high on our agenda , together with environmental issues . lavoro
i can say quite frankly that i would prefer to have the satisfaction of full employment and twenty million jobs in europe than full subsidisation . posti
second , there is a need to recognise that labour market reforms have to be geared towards the creation of better-quality jobs , with a clear emphasis on the requirement for substantial investment in people and their potentials . posti
at a time of collapsing fish stocks , diminishing fleets , lost jobs , decommissioning , tie-ups and lay-offs , such an initiative could not come too soon and is to be greatly welcomed . posti
regrettably , the european council once again attached the greatest importance to structural reforms of the labour market based on greater flexibility , greater job insecurity and wage moderation . lavoro
according to the left , we must ensure that together we produce what we want to consume , whereby we distribute jobs and income as fairly as possible and protect people from high stress levels at work and long working hours . lavoro
it is also of significance that the position with regard to ownership of the power station was unclear , which meant that it could not be privatised , and that it was of enormous importance in terms of safeguarding jobs . posti
but that job is made very difficult by these wholly unrealistic budgets . compito
we share his concern that the regulations are overly complex and make our job , as a parliament , of scrutinising the budget very difficult . deriva
this period , when there were some administrators who did not do their job properly , when many investigations were carried out , when documentary proof was requested and that which was available was surrendered seems like a long time ago . documentarie
it is the commission 's job to drive that forward . compito
does not everyone realise that small firms throughout the european union need some extra time and assistance to cope with their full responsibilities and do this job properly ? compito
in essence , the resolution we are discussing today calls , for the most part , upon the russians to help the victims , to accept the setting-up of monitoring committees and groups and to assist and cooperate with those who work for humanitarian organisations and need permits , visas and protection in order to be able to do their jobs . permessi
unemployment figures , for example , or jobs that are directly threatened due to the abolition of customs barriers - namely , 500 000 in algeria - illustrate how far off-target we are and would even tend to illustrate that other options must be explored , such as that of cooperation between public services . posti
a single statistic suffices to indicate the gap between what is required and the current situation . the commission has correctly stated that 45 million new jobs need to be created in the coming decade just to retain the present levels of poverty and unemployment . posti
finally , it remains to be said that in the light of the huge social problems , to which various colleagues have already referred - above all unemployment among young people - it is going to be necessary to create many new jobs in the region . posti
at the same time , there are continuing protests by workers about the fact that at least 25 million jobs have disappeared in state-owned companies as a result of liberalisation and privatisation . posti
also from this perspective , unlike others , i am delighted that the barcelona european council of 15 and 16 march 2002 committed , on the one hand , to stepping up efforts to provide mature workers with greater possibilities of remaining in the job market , for example by means of flexible gradual retirement programmes and guaranteeing genuine access to education and life-long training , and , on the other , to gradually increasing the average retirement age in the european union by about five years by 2010 . lavoro
it is crucial that the member states of the european union undertake a speedy reform of their pension schemes , which will require changes in the organisation of labour , the creation of more and better jobs , specifically for older people , and a redrafting of demographic , birth and immigration policies . posti
if the post of eu liaison officer for senior citizens were to be created the rapporteur , our colleague , carlo fatuzzo , would be the most likely candidate for the job . relazione
a stimulating framework is required for us to promote high-growth industries such as information and biotechnologies and from that the jobs that must come . posti
the risk capital action plan is not in itself a master plan for increased growth or job creation , but it is the essential framework . posti
it is also small and medium-sized enterprises that can give rise to new job opportunities . lavoro
it is because firms with under 250 employees account for two-thirds of jobs that we in the political world must always bear in mind the need to ' think small first ' . posti
as has been said a number of times this evening in this parliament , risk capital provides a vital source of financing for new and innovative enterprises , and in that way it contributes significantly to economic growth and to the creation of jobs . posti
after all , all we want to do is to facilitate capital going to smes since we all know that smes play a very important part in creating jobs ; of course they also they play a very important part in the creation of high-tech industries , or rather , activities which may lead to high-tech industries . posti
it is easy to see that not only the regions shaped by private business and farming would suffer as a result of this , but that there would also be massive loss of jobs . posti
the police i met with are doing an excellent job and being assisted by new software technology designed again by a local company in my constituency , surf control . surf
the need to pay particular attention to compliance with labour law , which takes on crucial importance in this sector , specifically the fight against greater job insecurity and compliance with health and safety regulations in the workplace ; precarizzazione
after visiting israel a number of times , i visited many states in the arab world , and i have the impression that these countries will be able to live in security , freedom and democracy only if we really do manage to create jobs there . posti
above all , we must help with the privatisation of their economy and help give private enterprises a chance to use that to create jobs . posti
and now we are discussing the need to create 40 million jobs in north africa , and more than 150 million throughout the world . posti
presumably , they are meant to work through the israeli public , feeling the painful bite of loss of exports and jobs , pressurising the sharon government to stop its crazy policies . posti
i would hope that with the good cooperation of all three institutions this issue can be put to rest in the not too distant future , to make the council happy , to make ourselves happy and to make sure that the commission can get on with doing the job that it wants to do . compiti
we are pleased to see that the employment rate for women has risen , albeit only slightly , but we still notice that women 's jobs are , on the whole , part-time , unstable and offer less opportunity for promotion . posti
we have not been able to achieve equal pay for the same jobs . lavoro
we repeatedly call for increased participation of women in these jobs , a better balance between men and women , but we still notice a difficulty in achieving the presence of women in decision-making posts . femminile
i agree with the rapporteur that we need to step up efforts to compile gender-based statistics which reflect the real situation of women on the job market and in other sectors and to apply more efficient policies . lavoro
the fact is , the european job market is still fragmented along gender lines , women 's salaries are much lower than men 's , only 25 % of businesses belong to women and women are kept below the glass ceiling and out of responsible managerial and decision-making positions ; all examples of violations and discrimination against women . lavoro
mr president , i completely agree with the rapporteur , mrs torres marques , and with mr de clercq that , despite the crisis at international level and its repercussions on europe , the tourism sector is the most promising of all sectors when it comes to creating new jobs . lavoro
these actions should basically concentrate on vocational training , improving working conditions and applying policies to protect workers in seasonal , temporary and insecure jobs . precari
as a growth industry it can also create jobs in regions where it would be very hard to do so otherwise . posti
mr president , commissioner , mrs torres marques has done an excellent job ; i think , on balance , there are three messages which come out of this report . lavoro
top jobs are mainly held by men . posizioni
we need more effective economic policies which strengthen the competitiveness of the european economy , promote convergence , encourage productive investment , especially high-tech investment , and create jobs , if we are to allay fears caused by what is , unfortunately , an uncontrollable influx of immigrants , the criminality ascribed to them and persistent high unemployment , especially among the young . occupazione
all this creative accounting must stop ; the commission is already pressing for greater transparency and honesty in figures released by governments and stressing the urgent need to speed up the structural reforms needed , especially in pensions , the liberalisation of markets , especially the job and energy markets , and education standards , if the lisbon targets are to be met . lavoro
the lisbon objectives , which are to make the eu into the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economic area , facilitating sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater cohesion , represent the goal to which all of us - parliament , council and commission - give the highest priority and to which we have committed ourselves . posti
for this reason , since the amendment was adopted , i voted for the motion , not least in order to safeguard the jobs of notaries . lavoro
the only reason why we voted in favour of these amendments is because the obligation to ' set up an institution which guarantees that the workers concerned are paid outstanding claims ' is supposed to ensure , throughout the european union , that workers who have lost their jobs as a result of their employer going bankrupt will receive at least partial legal compensation payments . padrone
i welcome the way in which decisive steps are being taken to combat illegal immigration , whether by the introduction of the ' eurodac ' system or by joint patrols of the external borders by a eurocorps , doing the best job possible with the aid of satellites and radar . lavoro
we have done all that we could , in excellent cooperation with the commission , which is doing an admirable job , and with which we have had an excellent relationship . lavoro
this applies primarily to private investment needed to create production capacity and jobs which would make this sustainable growth possible in the longer term , but which would also promote technological progress and thus contribute in turn to increased demand . posti
the aim of the report is to achieve job flexibility . occupazione
the efforts to find the best , most productive labour processes must be matched by endeavours to improve the quality of jobs . lavoro
jobs must be developed to incorporate more creativity , to provide a better response to social requirements and to promote human dignity . NULL
we have a constitutional and moral responsibility to provide jobs for all our citizens . lavoro
mr president , i salute the rapporteurs , who have done a very good job : skilled , knowledgeable and well thought through . lavoro
jobs and traditional methods are at stake . posti
that is why we need to pay special attention to the needs of small businesses and to come up with suitable and practical legal arrangements for these companies , which offer people in europe so many jobs and training opportunities . lavoro
it is not my job to pass judgement on budgetary issues which , furthermore , i have no information about , but i can say that the commission will take account of what the honourable members have said , although this does not fall within the competence of the commissioner responsible for external relations . spetta
get the ministers to do their jobs properly and it will be done well without needing new structures . lavoro
i can see that the convention will have an enormous job to do in order to agree on all of them . lavoro
the conclusions of the recent european council summit in barcelona state that full employment in the european union is the core of the lisbon strategy and the essential goal of economic and social policies , which requires the creation of more and better jobs . posti
the council presidency also stresses in its programme that creating and improving jobs must figure among the priorities of every presidency . posti
nevertheless , official estimates in the eu put unemployment at 7.8 % , with spain being the member state with the highest rate of unemployment ( 12.9 % , according to figures published by eurostat in february 2002 ) and the least stable job situation , even though it has been experiencing a period of economic growth . 9
in the light of these figures , what initiatives will the council presidency take to ensure that national employment plans actually cut unemployment rates and promote quality jobs in all the member states ? posti
my reason for saying all of this , mr president-in-office of the council , is to persuade you that in the 45 remaining days of this presidency , the spanish presidency must really come up with a powerful initiative , because the problem is that the number of unemployed people in europe is on the increase and we are not creating the jobs that we said we would in lisbon and we cannot continue always saying the same thing , adopting a purely administrative approach , when faced with a problem of this scale . posti
mr aznar , the current council president , has said that there is nothing he can do , since multinationals have created many jobs and funded research , even though they create problems on other occasions . occupazione
with regard to the more specific issue of alleviating the negative effects of massive job cuts , in 1975 the council adopted the directive on collective redundancies , amended in 1992 and consolidated in 1998 , in which specific requirements with regard to information and consultation from company executives were laid down . licenziamenti
they are the driving force behind social and economic development in this whole area , which is located in a european objective 1 region with serious depopulation problems , where , in 2001 , 1 500 people have already lost their jobs . posti
the announcement of the closure - and it seems that today the company has put this right - was purely in business interests and would naturally mean that jobs would have to be relocated , which shows genuine contempt for workers ' rights , and furthermore the fictitious transfer of the trademark in order to keep producing these biscuits in a location other than the one it has been historically linked to . posti
i repeat , it is a huge privilege to take part in this debate and in particular - and i say it in his presence - it is a privilege to have taken part in a debate led by mr lamassoure , who has done such an extraordinary job of setting up the architecture but being willing to adjust the sculpture , to borrow a metaphor of his own this morning . opera
he has done a fantastic job , we are all greatly in his debt , and i hope my group will vote unanimously with him tomorrow . lavoro
developing food crops and fundamental public services , particularly in the areas of health , education and social protection , is the most likely way that poverty will be reduced because it will create jobs in rural areas . posti
it is encouraging that the environmental summit is in actual fact to take place and that both rapporteurs have done a very good job when it comes to expressing the european parliament 's misgivings , hopes , proposals and demands prior to the summit . lavoro
nevertheless , the traditional political parties continue to follow their own agenda , without questioning what they do , while sharing out the top jobs amongst themselves . posti
it also calls for worker flexibility and mobility and wants higher quality jobs , which is a contradiction . lavoro
there will only be more jobs if there is more investment , and higher quality if the jobs are not temporary , insecure and poorly paid , which the report unfortunately does not confirm . occupazione
in our opinion , it is possible to reconcile these two aspects 1 ) by extending the presidencies of all of the technical councils ( to say three years ) entrusting the task to the country best qualified for the job in each case , but also 2 ) by continuing the rotating presidency system for the european council and perhaps also for the new general coordination council , and - why not ? - with even more frequent changeovers ( every three months ) so as to take account of enlargement . affidandola
our job in the fisheries committee , as brian crowley has just said , is now to focus our attention on the common fisheries policy reform package . compito
the reform proposed by the commission will cause 28 000 job losses in an environment in which there is clear discrimination in allowing northern countries to take additional catches whilst denying this option to those of the south . posti
we have contributed to the current race between ever more efficient ships for fewer and fewer fish , with the result that income has declined , despite increasing prices for fish , and with the result that some 66 000 jobs have already been lost between 1991 and 1998 . posti
as far as we are concerned , it is vital that this money be spent on social measures in future because , according to our initial calculations , around 7 000 jobs a year could be scrapped due to restricted fishing efforts , in addition to the other jobs which will be lost this year anyway , one reason being the increasingly modern and less labour intensive techniques being used in the fisheries sector . posti
as i said , without reforms , 8 000 jobs a year have been lost over the last few years . posti
it is undeniable that some fishing-grounds are in a difficult situation , but it is surprising that the commission can find no solution other than to dismantle the fisheries sector and related jobs . posti
the commission proposals are far from seeking a balance between conservation of stocks , the efficiency of the fleet , maintaining jobs and economic activity in fishing regions . posti
instead of quite devastating industrial fishing practices , we , the greens , are calling for coastal fishing that is more capable of safeguarding jobs . posti
mr president , commissioner , i represent a country whose history revolves around fishing and the sea , and which still has a total of around 50 000 jobs in the fisheries sector as a whole . posti
if these distributors entered the market , it would spell disaster for small- and medium-sized businesses and it could lead to considerable job losses , and a loss of proximity to the consumer , except in the most profitable territorial areas . licenziamenti
apart from the distribution of motor vehicles itself , several hundreds of thousands of jobs throughout europe are at stake . posti
it affects all our guests and , as far as the industry is concerned , it affects a great many jobs and a great many small and medium-sized businesses , not just in the countries in which the cars are produced , but throughout europe . posti
it was said that we would cause 140 thousand job losses . disoccupati
it is also important to emphasise the multi-functional agriculture by which jobs can be created , and which also has many other beneficial effects on rural areas as a whole , on their environment , the economy and the maintenance of the cultivated landscape . posti
i think that public policies should refer to specific objectives , such as sustainable development , job creation and social criteria , and that under no circumstances should they be incompatible with that business-like , economic view of agriculture . posti
the sugar cane / sugar / rum industry provides almost 40 000 jobs in the french overseas departments ; the banana industry provides 65 000 jobs in the west indies and the canaries . posti
so the effect of the directive we are debating today could be that if i download information about right-wing radicalism from the internet now i could at some point in the future lose my job as a civil servant . lavoro
finally , mr president , i should like on behalf of my political group to give my full backing to the report by our rapporteur , mrs korhola , and to congratulate her on a job well done . lavoro
my fifth question is how many jobs have been put at risk in europe because of this distortion in competition . posti
sixth , how many jobs have already been lost because no wto measures have been introduced over the last two years and no accompanying protection measures have been taken ? posti
i confess that i am tired , but not too tired to fight for jobs in europe 's shipbuilding industry . posti
as a consequence , more and more maritime companies are closing down and the many job losses associated with this mean only one thing : the european shipbuilding industry is fighting for its life ! licenziamenti
i think that this is a good instrument for fulfilling the lisbon strategy : an economy that is as developed as possible , creating more and better jobs , which respects the environment and guarantees social cohesion . posti
it has been calculated that 20 % of distributors may disappear with associated job losses . posti
it would therefore be preferable , first of all , to consider the social implications , the purchasing power and the continuing security of the people who lose their old jobs . lavoro
it is also maintained that future reforms should , in the first place , be aimed at stopping the loss of jobs in agriculture , which is not our own view . occupazione
the european parliament has devoted particular attention to shipbuilding in the european union , given the problems faced by this sector since the 1994 oecd agreement was concluded and in view of the serious situation following the closure of many industrial installations and associated job losses . licenziamenti
those that incur the least costs and are therefore able to sell their products at the lowest prices can survive best , even if this is at the expense of democracy , jobs , the environment and animal welfare . lavoro
after all , we are not going to lose our jobs as meps if we do not turn up but some of the workers might . posto
but we are still open to dialogue with the rapporteur on this because we know what an excellent job he has done . lavoro
we must welcome the fact that the communication takes account of new dangers of exclusion as the result of new structural changes under way in the european union , the most important being , as it rightly points out , changes on the job market and the privatisation of public services . lavoro
lisbon , nice , stockholm and more recently the barcelona summit , are dates , places , cities , memories of summits which illustrate the social temperature of the european union , dates when the european union committed itself to creating a better and more developed economy , more and better jobs , sustained development and social cohesion . posti
however , the effects of this regulation need first to be evaluated , as the air transport market is both a highly sensitive area and one of great importance to the economy , making a rush job inappropriate . affrettato
we have , of course , always borne in mind that jobs are tied in with the manufacture of cosmetics and that these jobs deserve to be safeguarded . posti
that is an attempt to do two full-time jobs at once : it is no longer feasible , it is no longer tenable and it is right to phase it out . lavori
do we put a brave face on a bad job , rejoice in small improvements , thank the rapporteur for his good work and await the miracle that the convention will bring to pass in fifteen months ' time , changing everything and making it better ? viso
it is obviously very important that when parents , whether fathers or mothers , return to work from paternity , maternity or parental leave , they can actually be given a job equivalent to the one they did before and can also enjoy all the benefits they would have had while they were away from work . mansioni
i am pleased to note that , thanks to the treaty of amsterdam , the positive measures have been safeguarded : the right of women to return to the same job or an equivalent post after maternity leave is essential ; the right of men to the same job guarantee after a period of paternity leave is recognised , if such leave exists in the member state of which they are nationals , and this is also the case after adoption leave , if it exists in a member state . impiego
less densely-populated , rural or peripheral regions can therefore make good use of the possibility offered in this context to create jobs and to generate economic growth . posti
it also constitutes a breakthrough of massive dimensions that women may not suffer any disadvantage in employment in connection with pregnancy or motherhood , and that they are accorded the right to their former job or an equivalent post after maternity leave . reintegrate
i should nonetheless have preferred clearer wording concerning people 's right to return to the jobs they had before taking parental leave . ricopriva
however , i had to resign from the position of spokeswoman for the committee on budgets which had been entrusted to me ; this was not out of any refusal to do the job , but rather because the committee had resolved not to take up a position this evening , as we are dealing here with new methods of integration and coordination , which are not to be assessed ex ante . incarico
mr president , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office , the spanish presidency has done a good job so far , but the seville summit will be the deciding factor in our final judgment of it . lavoro
the second reason is the fact that this new directive prohibits discrimination against women on the grounds of pregnancy or maternity leave , and lays down the entitlement to return to the same job or an equivalent position at the end of maternity leave , or paternity or adoption leave , when those rights are recognised by member states . lavoro
they have done an impressive job , and a number of questions still remain . lavoro
environmental concerns and alternative jobs in rural areas must be funded from the second pillar of the common agricultural policy . posti
should the canaries depend almost exclusively on tourism-related activities for job and wealth creation ? occupazione
so one cannot speak in terms of rum production in the canary islands supposedly maintaining jobs ; there may well be a hundred jobs , but two families with an oligopoly of the canary islands market reap an immense profit from them . posti
we hope the council - and parliament - will be receptive towards this proposal , because amongst other things this tax is recognition of the canary islands ' fiscal regime , and it is also coherent with the economic diversification strategy drawn up by the european union for the outermost regions and prevents job losses . lavoro
the rapporteur says that jobs have been lost in cigarette factories in the canaries , but they have also been lost in cigarette factories across the european union . posti
that is why we are facing an 18 % cut in overall gross tonnage in the eu fleet , with the attendant massive impact that this will have on jobs in many economically challenged and remote peripheral areas of the community . occupazione
this is going to be very painful for all fishermen , because it will mean that there will be many reductions in the catch and many job losses . posti
if they are not excluded , we will be putting at risk thousands of jobs and an industry on which many coastal communities in the european union depend for their living , on no verified , irrefutable technical-scientific grounds . posti
small enterprises are a pillar of europe 's economy and a breeding ground for jobs that we should support and develop . posti
we need to bear in mind that small enterprises employing fewer than 50 people provide jobs for 65 million people in the european union . lavoro
they account for 99 % of all businesses and provide 53 % of jobs . posti
on the pretext of preserving fish stocks in eu waters , the commission wants to reducing fishing capacity with the loss of 28 000 direct jobs by 2006 . impieghi
the social part of this resolution at best rings hollow , and is limited to lifelong learning , whereas what europe 's workers would like to be assured of is a lifelong job , that is to say employment throughout their working life . posto
we have little or nothing to offer to those countries : no money , no immediate prospects of many jobs or anything else . occupazione
in any case , the rapporteur has done a good job . lavoro
europe 's economy and jobs are inevitably dependent on security of supply , so fiscal support is the right way ahead , as we can expect the production of fuels from biomass to completely replace the import of fuel oil as soon as a few decades hence . occupazione
this promotion can simultaneously create jobs in agriculture and plant engineering , leading in turn to higher tax yields and social security contributions . posti
all this enhances growth and creates jobs , as does the export of relevant products and processes to countries that are at present economically dependent on imported oil . posti
i would like to see the safeguards office getting all the resources it needs to continue to do its job to the fullest extent possible , particularly with accession countries coming in . lavoro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in my opinion , the rapporteur , mr turchi , and the committee on budgets have done an excellent job , adapting the commission 's proposal to make it a better response to our main problem , which has been the excessive backlog . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , i feel that the rapporteurs - mr turchi and the draftsman of the opinion - have done a good job of improving on the commission 's proposal . lavoro
anyone who knows me will know that this is not one of my usual ritual practices , but i do think mr podestà deserves thanks for taking over the task from our erstwhile colleague and general rapporteur for 2002 , carlos costa neves , and for taking over the job i started to do in 2001 , observing the implementation of the budget over the course of the year . lavoro
it is important to have energy , and we are in favour of liberalising energy , not simply privatising it , but we need to look after public services and job creation . occupazione
the level of red tape for small and medium-sized enterprises in europe is still a barrier to job creation . posti
isolation in europe would only bring economic uncertainty to our country , which has a high level of inward investment comprising hundreds of thousands of jobs . posti
we do not want to jeopardise what has been a successful job creation mechanism by sending out strong signals to investors that we do not want to remain at the heart of the european union and at the heart of the internal market . posti
mr aznar , i would like to start by congratulating the spanish presidency for , as vice-president responsible for conciliation , i have to say that we have done a good job : we have adopted many problematic instruments , and all credit is due to parliament , the council and the commission too for its active cooperation . lavoro
i am really enjoying my job , and you know why ? sai
i want , finally , to emphasise that the production of renewable raw materials will secure existing and new jobs in rural areas , including in the run-up to enlargement . posti
this is why more and more firms are realising that csr is no longer just a job for the marketing department . compito
that means that , in germany alone , 50 000 companies closed and over 100 000 workers lost their jobs . lavoro
i can understand that it may be good negotiating tactics not to be too precipitous in assessing the number of jobs , the amount of export income and the export volume we are losing . lavoro
mr president , my dear madam , i quite agree that jobs done by women are very important in the fisheries sector , and not just in processing . posti
i now hope that you will find the time to restore the dignity of the political body and allow it to do its job . funzioni
first and foremost , we need genuine coordination of economic policies so that the euro can foster growth and create jobs . posti
the commission and parliament are doing their jobs on enlargement ; it is now up to the council to deliver and to ensure that enlargement takes place . lavoro
according to mrs kauppi , the bank has done a sterling job once again , but opinions may differ on this . opinabile
on the pretext of adhering rigidly to the stability pact and fighting inflation , it calls for lower and lower wages and structural changes on the job market , the main objective being to introduce even more flexible working conditions . lavoro
my job was simply to bring all the strands together . compito
in addition , this system needs to be treated as a way of developing tourism and providing jobs . occupazione
in this way , an approximation of national health and safety provisions will facilitate the free movement of machinery without reducing the existing obligatory levels of protection , and the specific measures will increase the quality of jobs , provided that the machinery is used in the prescribed manner . posti
safe machinery and installations plus prevention - in other words , more awareness and a culture of prevention - will mean less possibility of risks becoming accidents and therefore better jobs in accordance with the strategy of the lisbon european council . occupazione
throughout the eu , thousands of jobs have been lost as a result of such restructuring . posti
the resulting job losses do not only affect the individual workers ; they also have an impact on economic and social cohesion in the region as a whole . lavoro
competition as we define it safeguards and creates jobs , leads to consumer-friendly prices , and fosters the urgently needed dynamic process of renewal . lavoro
however , one need only compile a catalogue of the mergers that have taken place , listing the job cuts and plant closures they have entailed , counting the thousands of workers consigned to the dole queue and the entire regions condemned to economic ruin , to demonstrate clearly that the interests of shareholders are diametrically opposed to those of the majority of society who work for their living . posti
the rapporteur , mr busk , has done an excellent job , as has mrs attwooll , in writing these reports . lavoro
for example , therefore , with regard to the objective set at the lisbon council of ensuring that 60 % of women are part of the active population by 2010 , it is reaffirmed that this target will only contribute to equality of opportunities for men and women if the majority have quality and properly paid jobs , stressing the importance of various forms and methods of training , and the establishment of a sufficient number of facilities for the care of children and dependent persons and by promoting diversification of the career choices open to girls . occupazione
this initiative proposes developing local labour markets in order to achieve high levels of efficiency and quality with regard to job creation and to deal with aspects such as gender equality , the social dimension , economic development , innovation and the information society , as i have stated in the opinion of the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities . posti
i feel that we really must continue , as we are doing with this communication , to call upon the member states to ensure through the european employment strategy and the launching of national plans that the local actors are listened to , for it is local officials who have to respond in person to the daily challenges represented by the new demands for job creation and use of mobility instruments and life-long training instruments , which are crucial to the achievement of this objective . occupazione
it is true that all work can be considered local , and although the european employment strategy has focused on the efforts made at national and european level , it is increasingly accepted that the objective of full employment cannot be achieved without greater involvement and participation at the levels closest to the job-seeker , in other words , at regional or local level , both from the point of view of the job and from that of the workers .  
mr president , commissioner , the commission has produced a fine communication and rapporteur has done an excellent job ! lavoro
at the nice european council , the european union endorsed a social agenda which promotes the concept of quality - in employment , in industrial relations , and in working conditions - as the driving force for a thriving and inclusive economy , with more and better jobs . occupazione
i believe that we are living in a global world , an information and technology society , and that what we want to achieve is a society with a dynamic , highly developed economy that creates more and better jobs . posti
ultimately , the mere fact of setting aside public sector jobs or the right to vote for nationals falls foul of this aberrant legislation . impieghi
the committee 's job would be to identify development investment , investment as offset investments in developing countries . compito
i urge commissioner byrne to think again on this issue and to lift the ban , which is affecting a significant number of jobs in the fish processing and livestock feed sector . posti
yet , we are not talking about staff who are attached to so-called privileges and who are unable to accept change : the very job of an air-controller involves constant development and change . mestiere
i would just like to say that the way the commission has proposed is a massive job creation programme for aeronautical engineers and technicians . posti
but it is going to create a number of jobs at the community airports where people will have to go and do spot-check inspections and ramp inspections . occupazione
it has been doing the job of coordinating air movements in 30 countries , half of them outside the eu , for 42 years . funzione
in upper austria alone , thousands of jobs have been affected or put at risk by the flood disaster . posti
dealing with this disaster in the short- , medium- and long-term is therefore the job of these regions , the national governments and the european union . compito
this is an attempt to make the reform a success and to ensure that the commission has the right people to do the jobs that we expect it to do . compiti
we have tried to fundamentally change the coherence of policies and the evaluation of their implementation , thereby contributing to progress in the increase in growth potential , the creation of more and better jobs , an improvement in social cohesion and sustainable development . occupazione
the second question concerns mr bouwman 's position on employment , which of course means more than just job numbers . lavoro
in his introduction commissioner solbes talked about sustainable growth , which is not the same as sustainable development - some growth can destroy the environment and jobs and is not particularly sustainable . posti
it is appropriate to permit government state aid for employment schemes in restricted circumstances , but the real way to tackle the 18 million unemployed in europe , to give people genuine job opportunities , is by labour market reform , by producing structural and economic reform and labour market flexibility , making it easier to hire people . lavoro
it is precisely because the private economy is failing to live up to its responsibility and create secure jobs that we need more aid to promote employment in the european union . posti
we still think the best way of creating jobs is to have a functioning internal market , to implement the stability and growth pact , to pursue the lisbon objectives and to introduce the four freedoms , a deregulated and more flexible employment market and an education system which encourages lifelong learning , diversification of skills and continuing learning . posti
if we are to see 70 % of the population of working age in employment by 2010 , this also requires helping older workers , giving people without good educational qualifications access to employment and getting disabled people into jobs , all of which means that supportive measures will be needed . posti
the essence of these objectives is the creation of a european social model to eliminate poverty and unemployment , create high-status jobs , encourage lifelong learning , modernise the social security system and do away with all forms of discrimination . posti
around two-thirds of the new jobs which it is estimated will be created between 2002 and 2010 will be filled by women , which is why i was especially pleased , commissioner , with your communication a short while ago about the new initiatives which you have taken on behalf of the commission to coordinate economic policy and employment policy . posti
despite the creation of around 3 million new jobs , it is still 7 % below the lisbon summit objective for 2010 and the number of unemployed still persists , at 14.5 million european citizens . posti
that is your job . compito
we in the commission have good reason to be proud of those , like our team in kabul , who do such a first-class job . lavoro
in 2000 , they accounted for a million jobs in nine member states and investments to the tune of over eur 40 billion . posti
state aid for employment is an important way of stimulating the job market and small and medium-sized enterprises . lavoro
however much the report ' welcomes ? greater transparency and legal certainty ' in the areas of aid , tax relief and benefits which are granted to employers on the pretext of encouraging them to create jobs , it does not question employers ' right to do what they want in their businesses . posti
nothing can prevent them , therefore , from pocketing the funding without creating a single job , which is what employers have routinely done for a long time . lavoro
it is far more a matter of responding to the changed situation in the labour market by rethinking employment policy , for example by using new working arrangements to guarantee full employment while simultaneously safeguarding quality jobs . posti
governments throughout the eu are tightening up their aliens policy and creating more and more obstacles to asylum-seekers , for example : tightening up family reunification provisions , with those concerned being required to deposit large amounts of money as a guarantee , an increase in the minimum age for marriage to 24 , expulsion of children born to parents who entered the country illegally , the obligation on immigrants to prove that they have a job to go to , and restrictions on the right of immigrants ' parents to come and live with their children . lavoro
the agency is doing a good and essential job . lavoro
it is doing an extraordinary job in channelling community assistance to the former republic of yugoslavia and former yugoslav republic of macedonia . canalizzare
these basic principles are complemented by the undertaking to provide all the citizens with a real job , a real house , adequate healthcare and prospects of social and other growth in addition to economic growth . lavoro
as i see it , controlling the enforcers should be a job for the commission . compito
this is about the right to work on one 's own personality development without necessarily focusing on the jobs . professioni
training is needed if people are to be able to shift from jobs that are no longer required - agricultural workers , lumberjacks or fishermen , for example - to jobs in an expanding service sector . professioni
secondly , i should like to emphasise training organisations or training on the job . lavoro
since we know that it will be difficult to get funding for in-school training , it is extremely important that we try to create the kinds of organisations and jobs that provide scope for continuous training , education and learning as part of the labour process . lavori
it is difficult to send people on courses , but it is perhaps easier , cheaper and better to make sure that people can learn on the job . lavoro
as the draftsperson of the opinion of the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities , i should like to point out that the only way of achieving a european policy on lifelong learning is to take serious account of the new order created by the mass , dynamic entry of women on to the job market . lavoro
women are currently the most dynamic force behind development because , as you know , two-thirds of the new jobs which it is estimated will be created over the next ten years will be filled by women . posti
an active lifelong learning policy needs to be designed with women 's needs in mind , which means involving women , improving their skills , widening their professional choices , removing glass ceilings , ensuring there is a balance between men and women in the sciences and new technologies and abolishing gender-based divisions of the job market . lavoro
it is not simply a matter of training for particular job skills , although people with a low educational base face a higher risk of unemployment and such inequalities of education need to be particularly targeted in the case of both women and men . professionali
in fact , i am constantly having to learn about new things in order to be able to continue to do my job . lavoro
the creation of eu citizens who are constantly on the move between member states in search of the most privileged jobs , leads to conflicts with their environment and to misfortune for themselves . posti
it is a way of exerting ideological and psychological pressure on the workers into blaming themselves for unemployment and accepting long-term unemployment and of destroying the link between education and job prospects . occupazionali
it is both a way of achieving self-improvement and of enhancing one 's job prospects . occupazionali
in my opinion , he has done a splendid job , above all because he has dared to go beyond the minimal standard laid down by the commission . lavoro
however , we all want to have safe and anti-allergenic cosmetics , to spare animals any unnecessary suffering , to maintain jobs , competitiveness and the expertise of our businesses . posti
it is unacceptable , first and foremost , that job cuts are not being made on a voluntary basis and that all those who so desire cannot benefit from being released from their duties . posti
and , if the institutions are planning to compensate for the lack of employees by increasing job insecurity and sub-contracting - which is often one and the same thing - this is no better . lavoro
all this is unacceptable in a context of unemployment and job insecurity . lavoro
i therefore call for this initiative to provide compensation for the victims of crimes to proceed and for public officials who do not do their job properly , especially the most influential , high-level politicians and administrators in our states , to receive heavy fines . dovere
it is the job of both our rapporteurs to assess those amendments . compito
this is about accountability and the proper functioning of democracy , where we as a parliament are taking our responsibility in the budgetary process , using the reserve on a judicious basis to get the information that we need to be able to carry out our job effectively . lavoro
we support the reform of the commission , but at the same time we insist on greater clarification in the areas of personal accountability and job descriptions . mansioni
at the moment my committee , which takes its job seriously in trying to scrutinise the budget , simply does not have the facts at its disposal to make a proper quantitative , as well as qualitative assessment , of what is happening to the budgets for transport and the structural funds . compito
it is in small and medium-sized enterprises in particular that jobs are created . occupazione
i feel that this is the only path we can take , the only path which , with due regard for budgetary rigour , will allow us to continue to do our job properly . lavoro
the common agricultural policy and quotas have created a huge , eur 25 billion trade deficit in the european union , jobs are being lost and unemployment is rising . posti
neither is it acceptable for you to answer that it is all far too expensive because converting jobs - in whatever sector - costs anything from eur 31 000 to eur 391 000 . posti
this proposed scrapping means the disappearance of 28 000 fishing jobs in europe , it has been rejected in general by the sector and this house has demanded further details from commissioner fischler as soon as possible . posti
ten million jobs have been created in europe , as the result both of economic growth in previous years and efficient reforms on numerous job markets . NULL
we have seen important structural changes in most member states , qualitative changes in employment policies and numerous countries have made progress in energising the job market , preventing long-term unemployment , introducing the most employment-friendly tax systems yet , gradually adapting education and training systems and introducing more flexible labour standards . lavoro
i fully endorse the three priorities which you have set : first , the need to increase the rate of employment in relation to the lisbon objectives , secondly , the question of the quality of work and , thirdly , the need to reduce inequalities on the job market , and here i would highlight the question of inequalities at numerous levels , the gaps on the job market , be they skills gaps , inequalities at regional level or inequalities between the two sexes . lavoro
will they relate specifically to the job market or more globally to all the basic factors which influence employment policies ? lavoro
nevertheless - and here is the rub - the jobs concerned are mainly part-time and lower qualified jobs . lavori
the member states must , by creating the appropriate conditions , by policy-making and by negotiating constructively with the social partners , create higher quality jobs , in particular in the full-time sector . posti
to create jobs , women also need to be encouraged to found firms or become self-employed through targeted support . occupazione
i agree with the rapporteur that job creation is a major challenge . posti
the social partners may well have a very useful role in some countries and in some cases but , given that the majority of employment growth is coming from smes whose employees are beholden neither to big business nor to big unions , it is hard to see how such a move would be positive for job creation . posti
certainly we must all put job creation at the top of our own agendas . posti
during the five years that it has been applied , unemployment has gone down , the number of jobs has increased and , for example , the active labour market policy , which was previously being conducted at a very low level in europe , has now been considerably improved , partly through lifelong learning . posti
mr president , commissioner , on the basis of the information concerning the implementation of employment guidelines , the report by the committee on employment and social affairs proposes several improvements , emphasising job creation and training . posti
alcatel has announced 23 000 job losses by the end of 2003 . lavoro
yes , the subject of employment is at the heart of citizens ' concerns and we must do all we can to combat unemployment effectively and create jobs , which to my mind means we must put an end to the dominance of the financial markets . posti
it is actually regrettable that we talk about creating 10 million jobs - in the knowledge that this largely depends on the economic climate - but cannot gauge accurately whether , and if so , how , this is related to policy . posti
i find it distressing that we have been talking about creating more jobs for years , yet far too little attention is being paid to the whole aspect of better-quality jobs . posti
statements you hear at a time like this are : ' so what are the jobs involved ? lavori
will i be required do the same job as i did before ? lavoro
no-one has yet mentioned that people create jobs . posti
however , when the role of the entrepreneur or business in creating jobs is taken away , then the reality of the employment-creation quandary is undermined . posti
when the overall aspects of the different economies within the european union and throughout the world are considered , those which have created the best and most numerous jobs are those which focus on five key issues . posti
secondly , where incentives are given to entrepreneurs and to businesses to invest in new jobs , in new infrastructure and in research and development , giving a longer-lasting guarantee to the creation of manufacturing in other service jobs . posti
that must be the underlying basis of our strategies with regard to the quality of jobs , work and employment opportunities available - the kinds of skills that we give to people . posti
if , by our discussions here tonight and our work over the next year each of us could get one single person into a quality job we could achieve a lifetime 's work because we have helped our fellow human beings to help themselves and they in turn can be the trainers , educators and ambassadors of the future . lavoro
since 1997 , around 10 million new jobs have been created . posti
although over the past five years , employment for women has increased by 4.3 % to 54.9 % - a very minor increase after all - the jobs involved are mainly part-time and without any real prospects . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the balance-sheet of five years of the european employment strategy demonstrates that major shortcomings remain in the creation of quality jobs with rights . lavori
most of the jobs created during these years have been precarious , part-time or very short-term , and which fail to guarantee that equal rights and opportunities will be complied with . posti
the continuance of the restrictive monetary policies of the stability pact , the cuts in public investment , the insistence on privatisation , specifically of public services , relegate social and job creation policies to second place , and this is the current situation . posti
account must , therefore , be taken of these issues if we are to achieve positive results in the creation of jobs with rights . posti
greece is preparing for local and regional elections and absolutely no-one has highlighted the part which local agencies can play in creating jobs . posti
everyone trumpets how important they are in keeping the place clean , creating green spaces , with the odd allusion to social policy for good measure ; but never that they can mobilise local forces and create jobs . posti
i think that here too , despite the increase in the number of jobs , the member states need to show serious commitment and consistency in adopting quantitative targets for making qualitative improvements to women 's jobs and creating new jobs . posti
thirdly , and this concerns the employment guidelines in particular , we should also consider whether we might establish a link with the guidelines in competition policy , that is in policy on state aids , where we of course have specific rules , so as to have exemptions to the ban on state aid when small and medium-sized enterprises are being promoted or jobs created . posti
everyone knows that the responsibility for unemployment lies principally with these large companies , which are not only failing to create the extra jobs they should , but are eliminating jobs purely for the benefit of shareholders . posti
furthermore , any employment strategy should commit the member states to taking the initiative in creating the hundreds of thousands of jobs lacking in all the member states of the european union , in hospitals , the public transport sector , the postal sector , or in education . posti
that is why several things must be done : we must call on the commission to analyse the causes of the weak economic growth in the union and to put forward proposals with a view to encouraging genuine and meaningful growth in order to increase the number of jobs . posti
regarding the substance , we should emphasise the development of local and regional labour markets in order to boost initiatives designed to attract productive investments and to encourage economic balance , social cohesion and job creation in the least-developed areas and regions . posti
the european union 's restructuring policy does not create jobs , it restricts them , especially full-time , stable jobs , while so-called growth deprives millions of people of the right to work or offers them a poor substitute in the form of part-time employment , with all the financial and social consequences that has for family life . posti
so celebrations are unjustified and do not reflect the real picture , which is that generalised , long-term unemployment - and we are talking decades here - is hovering around 10 % and is accompanied by generalised , temporary , short-term forms of employment , for which employers may even be subsidised , in order to artificially reduce the figures by making several unemployed persons share one job . lavoro
the criminal tribunals for the former yugoslavia and rwanda are actually doing an excellent job , but they are repeatedly discredited in propaganda as dispensing victor 's justice . lavoro
in this regard we must thank the rapporteur , mr callanan , for a job well done . lavoro
he has done an outstanding job in establishing the role and function of the ombudsman as the first person to hold this important post . essendo
mr president , may i too start by congratulating the european ombudsman on what is indeed a valuable job extremely well done , before commenting on the excellent report by my honourable friend , mr koukiadis , and drawing the house 's attention in particular to two points which , in my view , should be included in the treaties on the occasion of the convention . lavoro
enlargement is actually the solution to the problems which concern our voters - the concerns about crime and drugs , about the environment , about jobs and a better future for our children . occupazione
problems will arise in the current member states , which will undoubtedly be faced with a major , fresh wave of immigration , but also in the candidate countries when their highly trained people , engineers , doctors , nurses , construction workers and many more will almost certainly , for financial reasons , leave their countries to find a better paid job elsewhere in europe . lavoro
i would like to point out , incidentally , that these inspectors had previously done a better job than they are sometimes given credit for . lavoro
secondly , we all agree that the weapons inspectors must return to iraq and that they must have unfettered access to be able to do their job properly . lavoro
is , however , a conservative policy , in which everything is allowed to continue as before - with un inspectors degraded and humiliated and unable to do their jobs , while saddam hussein , the dictator and mass murderer who had five thousand kurds gassed in halabja , remains in power in baghdad - a route that will lead to democracy and human rights in iraq and the middle east ? lavoro
mr president , president-in-office of the council , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , mobility is an important factor in creating better jobs and in closing the skills gap in the european labour market . posti
with regard to the first of these , european citizens do not change jobs very frequently , although most member states have experienced an upward trend since 1995 . lavoro
more specifically , especially on the matters addressed by mrs bastos , there are already plans to set up a website containing information on job mobility by the end of the year , so that european citizens can obtain information on the european job market and a number of other areas to do with mobility . professionale
the commission is to pass a decision revising the eures system , so that it efficiently supports the mobility of european manpower , the objective being for eures to provide services and information both to job seekers and to companies looking to recruit at european level . occupazione
it is not enough to focus so firmly on job protection , trying to keep current jobs alive even when the market has moved on . posti
we need to focus on job creation , which means liberating enterprise . posti
as far as the joint european venture or jev is concerned , the commission agrees with mr bushill-matthews ' remarks that the programme had a limited impact as far as job creation is concerned and was not cost effective . posti
this directive will almost certainly cost tens of thousands of jobs in the netherlands and in germany and , in time , will undermine the present social system . posti
does consideration of how many jobs will be lost come into it at all ? posti
unlike mr pronk , i should like to point to the americans , who have no difficulty whatsoever in looking for another job within a one thousand kilometre radius . lavoro
i can understand that things are different for youth unemployment , but a number of other types of work , such as jobs for the elderly , cannot always be promoted . lavoratori
as employment statistics show , labour market reforms have not , unfortunately , been strong enough to create the sort of momentum which translates into new jobs , to the point that , even in countries such as greece which has growth of around 4 % , unemployment is still a problem . posti
this means that growth does not always bring jobs , mainly due to weaknesses and rigidity on the labour market , such as the difficulty young people and women have accessing the labour market , the mismatch between the demands of the labour market and the skills of graduates of our educational establishments and the survival in numerous areas of the union of anachronistic and outdated perceptions of work and the value of women 's work . NULL
the european union must become the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic growth , accompanied by more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
madam president , i would like to congratulate mrs bastos on this exhaustive report on a subject - mobility - which is so important , so crucial for a europe which is hoping to achieve greater competitiveness through the creation of new , higher-quality jobs . lavoro
if , indeed , we want a europe with more and higher-quality jobs , with greater social cohesion - in other words , if we want to achieve the ambitious but necessary lisbon objectives - it is essential that we continue to concentrate on eliminating once and for all those barriers which still exist , restricting the professional and geographical mobility of the european citizens and , indeed , limiting their potential . posti
i should also like to thank mr bushill-matthews for his observations to the effect that we must create jobs in practice . posti
when all is said and done , an increase in prosperity is conditional upon those who are unemployed obtaining jobs . lavoro
moreover , it is not acceptable that closures and relocations of firms should be brought into play to acquire emission allowances that are then sold at a profit , thus putting jobs at risk . posti
there are other improvements , to which mr lange has referred ; in order that the closure of a plant and the loss of jobs may not then be credited as a climate protection measure , we have adopted an amendment to the effect that emissions certificates will be withdrawn if a production site is closed down . posti
mr president , i would also like to begin by signing up to mr moreira da silva 's fan club and thank him for an excellent job . lavoro
the kyoto protocol strives for a mix in which the cost of eur 6 per tonne of co2 equivalent should apply , and if you do as you have proposed , the result will be factories being closed down and jobs being relocated . posti
then it will be a question of real companies and real people 's jobs , real families ' livelihoods and genuine climatic change . posti
i congratulate the rapporteur for the excellent job he has done in a very difficult area . lavoro
the rapporteur knows , as everybody does , that ' financial assistance ' to companies , innovative or not , does not create jobs . posti
nevertheless , although they create jobs , the financial support they are given is often inadequate . posti
lastly , the commission appears to be thinking only in terms of assistance for job creation , but a follow-up with post-job creation assistance must be guaranteed . posti
- ( pt ) we cannot overemphasise the importance of support instruments for small and medium-sized undertakings , which play a crucial role in job creation , in the impetus for investment and in the economic growth of the member states and the european union . posti
unfortunately , her efforts to make improvements are not appreciated by everyone , and she has been muscled out of her job . incarico
with a single currency , the euro , each member state 's growth and jobs will depend not only on what is now our common monetary policy but on their own fiscal policies too . occupazione
if the european institutions had tried to impose objectives that were no longer realistic , they would now be accused of endangering growth and jobs . occupazione
or is president prodi going to do so in order to address the aims of sustainable economic development , of more jobs with rights and of greater social inclusion ? posti
increased domestic demand will not be achieved by reducing wages , which diminishes purchasing power , or by increasing the tax burden on small businesses , which create more jobs and apprenticeships than anyone else , and it will not be brought about by taking so much of the tax burden off big businesses that they no longer pay anything at all . posti
a number of specific references have been made to the european central bank , but the european central bank is doing its job properly , you know . citata
i am not pushing for the commission to get the job here - i am putting us all forward as candidates . sto
i can assure you that , if this information is confirmed by official notifications or commission statistics , as agreed in the amsterdam declaration , the commission will apply the measures laid down in the treaty and the pact , it will discharge its duty towards all because that is its job . mestiere
it means fewer jobs and less research in europe unless we do things differently . posti
i would also like to condemn the other consequence of the quest for profit , namely job losses , including within the research sector . occupazione
this is what is happening at the moment at the pharmaceutical company , aventis , which is cutting 10 000 jobs world-wide and closing factories and research centres in several countries . posti
i do not believe their competitiveness will suffer as a result , because i know that , through competition , we are also protecting the jobs that these firms provide . occupazione
we have an opportunity in the review to do this , to improve research , to secure jobs , to improve availability of products to patients and improve information given to patients . posti
by means of the research incentives envisaged we will not only be making industry more competitive and thus safeguarding around 500 000 jobs in europe , we will also be promoting the development of new medicinal products . posti
i believe that as the consultation procedure moves forward , parliament should not lose sight of the triple objective of improving health protection , enhancing productivity and safeguarding jobs . occupazione
research-intensive areas are those which create jobs , development and wealth and make it possible to assume our global responsibilities . posti
that will be a job for the future - starting with balances in this continent . compito
does the commission know , or does it have any estimates of , how many jobs might be lost in the european union as a result ? posti
first of all , public health cannot take second place to job considerations . occupazionali
even if there were concern about jobs , some work was undertaken on this when the legislation we now have before parliament was being considered . occupazione
parliament must acquaint itself with how finances are being managed and establish whether the commission has been doing its job properly . lavoro
the lisbon summit - and the barcelona summit reiterated this - set as one of its objectives the creation of more and better jobs - and that of better ones must be applied not only to the fight against precariousness , but also to safer jobs and workplaces . posti
generally speaking , women receive the lowest salaries , have the least job security , and are at greatest risk of psychological or sexual harassment . posti
even if the commission were to increase its resources , what action could it take in response to the quest for profit of large employers , which leads to staff reductions , and therefore , an increase in the work of those who remain , to cuts in safety spending , and widespread job insecurity , sub-contracting and temporary work , which force badly paid workers to contend with situations for which they are unprepared ?  
its litany of exaggerated good intentions and its demand for yet more legislation risk the future of europe 's businesses , of our prosperity and our jobs . posti
that is not his job , nor should it be ; on the contrary , it is for him to keep the books properly . compito
that being so , one cannot but wonder whether the concealment of important facts in a job application could justify this position of trust . candidatura
the commission 's work is , in essence , already done , but that does not mean that we can now sit idly twiddling our thumbs - i am not going to be out of a job for a long time yet . lavoro
it is also important to know which house the couple will live in , and that is the job of the convention . compito
ireland has won an emphatic ' yes ' to more jobs , to neutrality and enlargement , but there are neither jobs nor neutrality to be had from the treaty of nice , and , regardless of whether the irish had voted ' yes ' or ' no ' , enlargement would have gone ahead anyway , by taking declaration 20 and moving applicant countries ' votes in the council and seats in parliament into the accession agreements . posti
this has also had an effect on jobs in the candidate countries and cannot be organised without it running the risk of rejection . posti
mr president , i would like to begin by congratulating the irish people , as well as the danish presidency , which has done a tremendously good job , and the commission , which has been working on the issue for a long time . lavoro
as for the so-called social model , the workers know all about that , with jobs being slashed , unemployment portioned out , the welfare and pension system dismantled and health and education privatised . posti
as europol appears to be giving informants official status , i wonder whether a scale of pay has been set and whether there will be invitations to tender and then at least some of our young unemployed could apply for the job . assunzione
the poor are hungry , have no jobs , and fear disease . lavoro
i also think that it can be said that the commission did an excellent job in presenting this proposal for a regulation , which is to replace the present legislation on hazardous chemicals and pesticides with the rules of the rotterdam convention . lavoro
our rapporteur , mr blokland , has , as always , done a precise and excellent job , for which he deserves our thanks . lavoro
i am starting from the premise that all journalists attempt to do their job correctly and that they check their sources . mestiere
mr president , commissioner , mr goebbels , the committee on economic and monetary affairs has done an excellent job on this directive . lavoro
it is unlike me to start a speech by congratulating the rapporteur , because i think that is what we are here for and we generally make a good job of it . bene
it is our job as legislator to support this by putting framework conditions in place , which brings me back to the fact that the council needs to wrap things up . compito
secondly , kyoto must be ratified and that will be our main job in new delhi . compiti
quite apart from anything else , the danish presidency of the council has so far done its job extraordinarily well , which also demonstrates that you do not have to be a big country to be a success in europe . compito
will he be out of a job ? lavoro
the medium-term objective must be very ambitious : to provide job security and training for all men and women throughout the whole of the enlarged europe , to consolidate public services that are worthy of the name , to achieve genuinely sustainable development in all 25 member states , and as a result combat social and fiscal dumping . occupazione
and the fact that , on this occasion , the minister of finance was able to keep his job - you welcomed this - but that the former interior minister , who had the courage to call for the end to the violence perpetrated by both sides , was able to be axed , seems , in our view , a very worrying sign that , in this new cabinet , the hawks may have prevailed over the artisans of peace . carica
therefore , in addition to turning a blind eye to the events in chechnya , we are preventing the few democratic interlocutors who are in a position to discuss and propose democratic solutions for the country from getting on with their job . incarcerandoli
that is why it is our job to develop a concept which will function in line with the basic principles i have mentioned and which can at the same time manage with the same financial resources , in relative terms . NULL
more competition and productivity gains have helped to create many new jobs that would not have been created without the internal market . lavoro
the services sector is vital to european growth : two out of three jobs are in this sector , and the private and public service industries account for 70 % of eu gdp . posti
as for the commission communication of 6 november on the measures intended to soften the impact of the reform , it confirms the plan to do away with 28 000 jobs over three years , between 2003 and 2006 , due to the mass scrapping of vessels as predicted by the commission . posti
it has not maintained the fishing stocks or fishermen 's jobs . posti
however , the job is not finished . lavoro
the same applies in the area of the labour market where there is a risk of jobs ' moving as a result of poorer conditions . posti
how can we boost employment when free competition and the free market are detrimental to public services as a whole and when jobs are still considered a variable to be adjusted to benefit companies and when we attach more importance to financial , accounting and monetary concerns rather than to the economy and employment ? posti
instead of forcing the poorest citizens to finance with their own taxes the very funds designed to help them , and paying considerable sums of money to subsidise employers in these regions , including with a view to building yachts for the wealthy , this money should be used to create useful jobs in the public services . posti
the collapse of research , the collapse of public funding which had previously been allocated to research , and the derisory salaries of researchers leading to ' brain drain ' , with researchers moving abroad or to jobs in the private sector , are just some of the milestones of this ' transition ? to market economies ' of which the european authorities are so proud . lavoro
either mr nielson , appointed commissioner for humanitarian aid , has someone he can denounce who is preventing him from doing his job , or he should resign , as there are not 36 solutions . lavoro
he must either resign or tell us who is preventing him from doing his job . dovere
a single enforcer for financial services in the eu would have an impossible job , given the divergence of rules and legal systems across the eu . compito
since the beginning of the 1980s , temporary agency work has become an important cog in the wheel of the european job market as companies strive for more and more flexible employment management . lavoro
truly massive employment agencies have developed in numerous countries , sometimes with hundreds or thousands of workers , and we see this sort of intervention on the job market as a positive development ; it often creates jobs and it is always an extremely important tool for people looking for their first job . occupazionale
this is the shortcoming on certain job markets which this directive is designed to rectify or prevent in future . lavoro
i wish to conclude by thanking the committee on employment for accepting one of my amendments which states : ' member states shall transpose these provisions in a manner consistent with promoting job creation and making temporary agency work more attractive , recognising the different circumstances pertaining to their own territory ' . posti
for us , it was important to ensure that temporary workers should not be used to break strikes or as a means of imposing radical cuts in full-time jobs or permanent staff . posti
if , when we vote tomorrow , we are guided by the principle of subsidiarity and the concept of pro-active economic development as a basis for more jobs , we will create more scope for the eu member states to pursue their own courses towards flexible labour market development which does not conflict with appropriate protection for workers . posti
we were warned at the time of the part-working directive that it would cost hundreds of thousands of part-time jobs , particularly for women workers within the european union . posti
nevertheless , although the proposal is intended to improve the working conditions of temporary workers , guaranteeing them equal rights and equal treatment , it only guarantees these through minimum standards of protection , based on the principle of non-discrimination , with countless derogations and with the dangerous prospect of an upsurge in temporary work agencies , which will contribute to greater job instability .  
consequently , in the debate in the committee on employment and social affairs , we agreed with all of the rapporteur 's attempts to improve the proposal for a directive and to guarantee workers ' rights , having tabled various proposals for amendments , specifically the removal of various derogations that could undermine the principle of non-discrimination , the guarantee not to use temporary workers to break strikes and the principle that the work undertaken by temporary agencies must not contribute to increasing job instability . lavoro
we are attempting to ensure that the european parliament proposal achieves a significant improvement in the rights of temporary workers and does not pave the way for greater job instability . occupazionale
our commitment is to ensuring that the greatest value is attached to work , by creating more high-quality jobs with rights and not to instability and the devaluing of workers . dequalificare
i believe there are three basic objectives of equality of treatment contained in the proposal : equality of treatment for temporary workers compared with other workers in terms of job security and status ; respect for established social standards within the user enterprises , through equal treatment in terms of pay and working conditions of temporary workers and other , comparable workers in the user enterprises ; and recognition of the work of agencies supplying temporary workers as a legitimate professional activity , removing unnecessary restrictions , authorisations and prohibitions . lavoro
we shall oppose all european directives and regulations endorsing the unacceptable policy of the employers aimed at worsening employment conditions as a whole and making jobs more insecure . lavoro
mr president , i want to congratulate mrs van den burg for an enormously well done job and the commissioner for introducing this directive . lavoro
if we want to ensure that this sector delivers flexibility in the labour market , at the same time delivers quality jobs for the people who work in it and also does not put permanent recruitment under any pressure , then we need sound protection rules , at european level too . posti
it is not the eu 's job to regulate sectors that do not require intervention at eu level . compete
flexibility must not be interpreted as meaning fewer or no rights as a prerequisite to job creation . lavoro
the commission 's communication on ' life sciences and biotechnology : a strategy for europe ' builds upon the common knowledge base in life sciences and will lead to skills-based jobs that sustain the economies of the future . lavoro
the european investment bank is already responsible for more than 5 % of all investments made in the union , which has enabled more than 400 000 jobs to be created , specifically through the support that the bank gives to small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
i believe , however , that it would be dangerous to make the number of jobs created directly by a project the deciding factor in the decision on whether to finance the project . posti
we consider that our project must have a positive impact on the economy , through the innovation-productivity-growth-employment chain , but that it would be dangerous to establish too direct a link between the number of jobs created and the choice of a particular project . posti
finally , in particular where services of general interest are concerned - other members have already commented on this - we want the commission to at last get round to doing its job , as it has been saying it will for so long . compiti
mr president , as a result of competition policy , large sectors of european industry have lost jobs and a significant share of the global market ; more to the point , they have lost hundreds of thousands of workers to the dole queues . posti
the view that competition policy is the sine qua non to job creation has proven to be misguided , because exactly the opposite is happening in practice . posti
she said to me , ' i signed up with all the temporary work agencies to try and find a job , but when the time came to give me a job , they all said : ' we didn 't like your report much ! lavoro
you can wait , ' and so i have not found a job in the last 40 years . ' lavoro
' because in my report , discussed 40 years ago in the european parliament , i did not provide enough safeguards for people who sign up with temporary work agencies to ensure that they would be fairly placed in jobs by these agencies . lavoro
increased administrative burdens could lead to increases in costs , which could be passed onto user organisations or cause the closure of the business and job losses . posti
the court of auditors is celebrating its twenty-fifth anniversary , for which congratulations are in order , and i can only say that in those twenty-five years , the court of auditors has become a father figure without which this parliament would be unable to do its job . lavoro
this parliament urges you to reform , and if you do not quickly reform the system , then please leave and let someone who will do the job do it properly . pregheremo
if a referendum says ' no ' to membership , the country 's representation can cease in the same way as when norway voted ' no ' to ec membership and had to find an ambassador job for its commissioner . lavoro
this is an attempt at making manifest the structures of an agricultural policy that has failed in the european union , and , in practical terms , an indirect rejection of agricultural reform , meaning that the demise of farms in the candidate countries is being pre-planned without there being any alternative jobs . lavori
of course , some will say we do not do an ordinary job of work . obietteranno
furthermore , and this is very serious , the destruction of jobs has been much greater than that of resources , and this has happened in all the states of the european union despite the exceptions , the protection measures and discriminations , some relating to access . posti
cuts of this magnitude would wipe out the white fish sector in the united kingdom and ireland and destroy many thousands of jobs in those countries , as well as in france , scandinavia and the netherlands . posti
by the end of six years of intended closure , at the very minimum , such measures would be academic in any case because according to the most recent socio-economic impact study , up to 44 000 fishermen and ancillary workers would have lost their jobs . lavoro
with every boat we scrap , we are destroying jobs , and this must be taken into account . posti
commissioner , a galician newspaper this morning contained the following : ' the european fisheries commissioner says that cutting off aid would mitigate job losses . posti
the removal of state aid for the modernisation of boats will be positive , as it will contribute to maintaining jobs on-board boats ' . posti
mr president , commissioner , i was going to talk about the reports presented to parliament and congratulate the rapporteurs , since they have all done an excellent job , but you chose to refer to the disaster that is destroying galicia . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , i should like to thank both rapporteurs for the great job of work they have done . lavoro
i would like to make a plea for small-scale fishing , which affects the most jobs and enables many families of traditional fishermen to survive . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i represent a country of whose history fishing and the sea are an integral part and in which the fisheries sector still provides around fifty thousand jobs . cinquantamila
this is the reality of the situation in portugal : fifty thousand jobs in the fisheries sector , 90 % of vessels are old and small and are engaged in traditional forms of fishing . cinquantamila
this will create an additional 160 to 180 jobs locally . posti
one : the goal of the lisbon strategy is to transform the european union into the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , an economy capable of bringing about permanent economic growth , more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
may i make a point of thanking the rapporteur , mr karas , and the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs , mr bullmann , on a job extremely well done . lavoro
i say that quite advisedly in the present debate on job market reforms and the reform of social security systems . lavoro
and a modern system is a system that offers security , security for job seekers , job security , security in the event of illness , old age or disability . occupazione
the delors commission concluded at one point that uncoordinated policies were costing us growth , which automatically means they are costing us jobs in the european union . posti
we also know that damage to hearing can lead to a reduction in people 's capacity to work or to their possibly not being able to obtain jobs in the labour market ever again . posto
coming two weeks after parliament approved the atypical workers directive , where extra costs and red tape could mean the loss of 160 000 temporary worker jobs in the uk alone , this latest directive shows that the eu continues to operate in a time warp when it comes to employment and social legislation . posti
all other tasks are tasks for the member states of the european union and it is the job of the member states of the european union to define what are national matters , what are regional matters and what are matters for local authorities .  
i specifically welcome the fact that you highlighted the dual nature of the european union as a union of member states and a union of peoples , and i think that it is indeed one of the convention 's jobs to make the european union the first genuinely supranational democracy in the world , as you just called it . sovrannazionale
and , at worst , it manifests itself in the ever-increasing number of workers out of a job : today , there are almost 20 million people unemployed in the european union , and in addition , there are millions of workers who have only precarious employment . impiego
for all of these reasons , and more importantly because these proposals would mean a 40 % reduction in the irish white fish fleet and a loss of approximately 2000 jobs , i will be supporting the varela report . posti
they should be given the opportunity to start a new life , with access to suitable housing , medical and psychological care , and access to the job market , education and training . lavoro
the rapporteur has done an excellent job in highlighting these and in showing how to avoid the mistakes of the past . lavoro
our committee has , on the whole , done a good job . lavoro
by means of the developed frontloading model , we have been able to supply the commission with those resources it needs , for example for the 500 new jobs required for enlargement . posti
at the end of the day , this issue will decisively affect some 20 % of jobs in the european union . posti
yes , a change of jobs must be possible , but not to companies or sectors on which you yourself have worked for the commission because this will create the appearance of partiality that damages your commission and by extension all european institutions . lavoro
it is expected that the controls that are put in place in member states effectively carry out the job that they are supposed to do because it is understood that these inspections have to be 100 % . funzione
one of the most difficult aspects of my job in dealing with food safety is to come up with solutions that are proportionate . lavoro
madam president , mrs ries has done an excellent job of reporting on the negotiations at conciliation and on the problems that have arisen in connection with these . ries
however , our biggest job in the coming months will be to inform and reassure our citizens in both the present member states and the accession countries . lavoro
if i am completely honest , i must also say that this was a job well done . lavorato
madam president , thanks are indeed due for the great job that has been done . lavoro
i think that the presidency and the commission have done an outstanding job on enlargement . lavoro
they will not be enough for the traumatised and angry communities who must deal with several hundred kilometres of polluted beaches , with the destruction of ecosystems , job losses and the threats looming over the entire local economy . posti
i witnessed what was happening in galicia a week after the disaster , and i saw what a difficult job our belgian civil protection intervention corps had to do and how long an action of this kind takes to get under way . lavoro
a large proportion of services of general interest are provided on a voluntary basis and not only as a main job . professionale
once again we have to insist on the need to create more and better jobs between now and 2010 , in accordance with the objectives set at the lisbon summit . posti
in the case of the united kingdom , this accession has brought tremendous benefits to the citizens of the united kingdom , creating jobs through increased trade , bringing in considerable investment , creating jobs , and benefiting our citizens through increased travel opportunities and education and employment . lavoro
once the money has been received , how many of these companies cut jobs , or even close factories , thereby ruining whole towns and even regions . posti
it has no problem , for example , defending the rights of homosexuals , but has nothing to say about the right to a job , to health care , to an education , to culture or to sport . lavoro
the rapporteur is mr jarzembowski , who has done a wonderful job . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should first like to congratulate the rapporteurs , who have done a magnificent job . lavoro
it is actually stated clearly that opening up the rail freight transport market will lead to increased competition which is likely to entail job losses . lavoro
in short , this report means more liberalisation for fewer jobs . occupazione
when i hear people argue that liberalisation would mean job cuts then i only have one thing to say in reply : if the current trend continues there will not be any jobs in the rail freight sector at all , a result of the railways ' conscious decision to neglect freight transport because it is not worth their while . lavoro
if we do nothing - and i say this to those who are so worried that jobs will be lost with this supposed liberalisation - what will happen is that there will be no jobs , except for those which remain in the railway museums of the different countries of the european union . occupazione
i know that this regulation does not fulfil all of the wishes of those affected , but i am convinced that the new legislation will increase road safety , improve the social conditions of those concerned , and that it will enable companies to do their job of providing high-quality transport services . funzione
we wanted a certain degree of flexibility here , to take account on the one hand of each driver 's work rhythm but on the other of the needs inherent in the job . mestiere
i should like to thank the rapporteur , helmut markov , who has done a good job , was very willing to compromise and united us behind his proposals , and also the other members who were shadow rapporteurs for this dossier . lavoro
driving is one of the hardest and most pressurised jobs there is . lavoro
there is no other job in industry that presents such a high risk for which we permit such long working hours . mansione
these requirements about working time prevent professionals from doing their job efficiently by imposing strict terms on when breaks have to be taken . lavoro
it is the best way of delivering what concerns our citizens most - greater prosperity , better jobs , greater social cohesion and a cleaner , sustainable environment - and it is the only way of making sure that these are achieved sustainably for future generations too . posti
in many areas , reforms are already generating growth and jobs but , and i tell you this frankly , ladies and gentlemen , much of the european union 's production potential continues to remain untapped . occupazione
you have a very important job : to coordinate four members of the security council , plus one candidate , and everything possible must be done so that , within the multilateral and civilised framework of the un , we can make progress and prevent a war which is not only unnecessary , but also extremely dangerous , and so that we can impose the principles of international law . NULL
i want to talk specifically about jobs , competitiveness and the internal market . occupazione
we have had major reports from the commission showing the benefits of the internal market and we also know that the principal engine for job creation in markets of the future is going to be jobs in the service economy . posti
you do not need to wait for the commission to take that initiative to create jobs and move the european economy forward , we look to you to do it . posti
i am of course thinking of the daewoo workers in lorraine , france , who are once again out of a job while the union and the region of lorraine had banked on this restructuring , granting considerable financial aid . disoccupati
what i would therefore like your spring reports to do is present genuine policies which take account of the environment in order to avoid destroying it and which also create truly sustainable jobs . occupazione
the only specific information you have given me is that the green paper is being prepared and will contribute to the joint effort being made by the european institutions and the member states to increase entrepreneurship , kick-start the european economy and , as a result , create new jobs . posti
i , for my part , need more specific details and i think it would be worth your spending some time on them because , as we have seen from our lengthy discussion of the lisbon strategy earlier today , following the presentation of the greek presidency 's priorities , it will not be easy to achieve the targets we have set and the best way of giving the european economy the competitiveness it needs and creating jobs is to develop small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
what i am about to say may sound like a provocation , but i cannot avoid talking to you about another serious problem which concerns citizens from every european country , that is the 500 000 job cuts in the engineering industry over the next four or five years , a figure i have been given by an international trade union source . posti
the number of people employed in the care field has increased by 5.5 % , so the health and welfare sector is creating jobs . posti
eu funds have been used to finance health clinics and primary schools , the clearance of landmines , the return of key public service workers , the creation of jobs to combat the opium production that is spiralling in post-taliban afghanistan , the rebuilding of infrastructures , clean-up operations in 7 cities and support for the return of the 1.8 million or so refugees returning to the country . posti
the first thing that needs to be said is that our staff are doing an excellent job , as you yourself said , commissioner , and the european union has a high profile there . lavoro
nevertheless , from the start of negotiations it has been our common desire to put healthy , hypoallergenic cosmetics on the market , to prevent needless suffering to animals and to preserve the jobs , competitiveness and know-how of our high value-added exporting firms . posti
it contains an anthology of aberrations : from the recognition of the right to vote and eligibility of foreigners , to the application of quotas for foreigners ' access to the job market , to the extension of homosexual marriage , to the abolition of the current minimum age for marriage in france - which is currently 15 for girls and 18 for boys - or the extension of the interpretation of the concept of national minority to all ethnic minorities . lavoro
this doorman at the external borders , however , is not doing his job . lavoro
the professor comes to these onerous responsibilities with extraordinary credentials , not least that he is a friend of commissioner diamontopoulou , so there are many reasons to recognise that he has all the qualities and all the experience and knowledge which are required for this demanding job . lavoro
all our best wishes go to the professor who i am sure will do this job outstandingly well . lavoro
our job is to encourage and assist them . compito
in my opinion , as i made clear to you in my question , you need to examine the evaluation of european programmes , of the funding given to companies so far , because it is our experience that some countries are doing better than others and have made progress with innovation , which i mentioned , with their competitiveness and , hence , with creating jobs . posti
the ? sce has done a useful job since 1995 , when its mandate started , and the ? u has called on the russian government to make every possible effort to ensure there is a follow-on assistance group with a broad mandate . unione
it is a big job , and i really wish you much success . lavoro
his speech gave us a feeling that there is a combination of idealism , and also very considerable practicality , in the way they approach their job . compito
we are all aware of the key role played by smes in creating and consolidating training places and jobs . lavoro
it is certainly the job of the ebrd to do this , but it is even more important to try to do it in countries with little industrial development , which have a greater need for support and revitalisation . compito
in the eu , aquaculture accounts for almost 30 % of the total value of fisheries production , almost eur three billion per year and 60 000 jobs . posti
it has many advantages , but i prefer to focus upon the three most important of these : the fact that it contributes significantly to the fish supply without increasing the pressure on stocks in the marine environment ; that it is a source of jobs in regions with little alternative employment ; and , finally , the fact that it will be able , i am convinced , to help maintain natural resources once wild species are being conserved . posti
aquaculture has considerable potential to support further growth in much needed jobs and economic activity , notably in coastal communities where other jobs are very hard to find . occupazionali
mr president , this is a good , robust and well-crafted report on an important sector in which - since we import more than half of the fish we consume - we have a very long way to go , in which traceability is best ensured through domestic production and in which , there being an upper limit on resources , aquaculture enables us to create vital additional jobs in our coastal regions . posti
in recent years , as we have heard , it has developed very positively and has created countless jobs in the european union as well . posti
a large number of jobs depend directly or indirectly on aquaculture , both in primary production but also in many other sectors . posti
it is absolutely crucial to protect regions with strong fishing industries against job losses , creating more employment instead , just as it is to ensure that consumers have healthy and safe fisheries products of high quality and to ensure ecological balance and a sustainable environment . posti
so we have a vast and growing aquaculture sector in the eu providing a great many jobs , often in remote rural areas with fragile economies . posti
it is an industry which , as mr martin points out , may be able to provide jobs to some of the marine fishermen who face the loss of their livelihoods during the current cod crisis . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , i think we should all be really grateful to mr martin , not only for the excellent job he has done , as everyone has recognised , but because he is effectively enabling us all to pin down this subject of aquaculture . lavoro
the commission 's target of 8 000 to 10 000 more jobs is an ambitious challenge , and it will require a solid commitment to promote the economic profitability of aquaculture . posti
seven thousand jobs are reliant on aquaculture in scotland , 75 % of them in the highlands and islands , and often aquaculture provides a lifeline for some of our most remote communities . posti
i am very pleased that the ebrd concentrates its activities on the development of small and medium-sized enterprises whose key role in job creation is well known . posti
mr president , i welcome mr martin 's report on aquaculture which has the potential to provide a safe , relatively cheap source of good protein as well as to create jobs in the european union . posti
if those issues are tackled , aquaculture can provide , as i said earlier , a good source of good food for our population as well as creating jobs . posti
the current scale of aquaculture in europe is demonstrated by the 1.8 million tonnes of fish , shellfish and molluscs that it produces , and by the 57 000 jobs that it provides . posti
our humanitarian workers continue to face countless administrative obstacles preventing them from effectively doing their job . lavoro
speaking like my youthful partner and friend , the high representative , both of us have grown younger in these jobs . lavoro
the un weapons inspectors have been readmitted to iraq and are doing a professional and thorough job . lavoro
mr president , the united nations inspectors in iraq are doing a good job . lavoro
i know that this was a deal done with the african states , but if a nomination of this sort is to be avoided , we should perhaps be doing more in-depth work with this continent in the area of human rights , rather than only when it comes to haggling for jobs and positions in the corridors of the un . funzioni
yet three quarters of those people are rural people , in other words the very people whose job it is to provide not only their own food but also that of their fellow citizens . lavoro
on this point , the committee on development and cooperation has done a good job . lavoro
immigrants must be able to come in legally and be given work permits and a set of rights , if there are jobs - and we are increasingly aware that there are - that cannot be filled by the domestic job market . posti
our unemployed have four weeks in which to show up and take jobs free from the competition of foreign workers . lavoro
if we accept that the possibility of performing a job of work is what legitimises entry and residence in the union , we must then ensure that this system works . posto
hence we support the amendments about tightening up timetables and response times on work permits , about the requirement to inform the applicant of problems in an application and about moving away from the employer having to demonstrate the need , yet again , for a third-country national to fill a job if one becomes vacant within 12 months - although , from some of the horror stories we have heard about the length of time it can take to get permits , perhaps we should extend that even further . lavoro
it is true that we need rules on legal immigration , and that we have to control it , but it is also the case that our problems with the economy and education mean that we lack appropriate jobs for our own fellow-citizens . posti
for example , you also intend to grant a third-country national the right to immigrate even if he reveals the existence of a job that has been vacant for four weeks , and you , mrs terrón i cusí , with your three-week period , want to undercut this proposal . lavoro
last year in germany , the average vacancy , in terms of the period of time elapsing between the job being advertised and somebody taking it , was around seventy days . settanta
but then neither , on the other hand , do we want to say to third country nationals : ' you can come to the eu but the only jobs you can do are the low-level , manual , nasty jobs that we don 't want to do ' . lavori
the second reason cited by the explanatory memorandum is that job seekers and employers apparently come up against national administrative procedures that are sometimes , we are told , very complex . occupazione
mr president , poor mr vitorino has one of the most difficult jobs in the commission and he does it extremely well . compiti
the church has been mentioned , but i am also thinking of the trade unions and a number of journalists who really are doing a sterling job in moving the country in the right direction . lavoro
it seems to have been used as a bargaining chip , and it has taken no account of a sector that employs more than 60 000 fisherman and provides for some 400 000 jobs in the industry in that area . posti
should something more be done to integrate women economically , not just something more generous , such as small loans , proper jobs and training , but something to guarantee and fund mechanisms to monitor if these issues and challenges receive equal legal treatment ? occupazione
i also want to put to her the results of that survey which show that 40 % of people entering temporary work come from the pool of long-term unemployed and 40 % get permanent jobs within a year . lavoro
we are talking about thousands of jobs . posti
it includes legislation , especially legislation to support parents with young children and basically help them reconcile working and family life , policies on gender equality and women 's access to the job market - remember families often have serious financial problems - and of course social policies , especially social infrastructures . lavoro
it was an oversight on my part in my first speech that i omitted to mention the fact that one of the commission 's basic jobs is monitoring demographic developments and this is presented in the annual social report supported by the european observatory on the social situation , demography and family , which funds important studies . compiti
would it not be better to have more jobs as well as more babies ? posti
i am afraid , mr fatuzzo , that if we link the number of new jobs to the number of births , we shall be in for some very unpleasant surprises . posti
so it is vital for us to realise that the situation as it is today will create serious problems on the existing job market , where we look set to have a shortage of workers under 30 from 2030 onwards . lavoro
consequently , irrespective of how intensively we need to act on the problem of employment , and you are quite right that we need to create more and more jobs , we also need to act directly to increase the population of europe . posti
it will perhaps be after midnight , and one of the most important subjects , affecting hundreds of millions of jobs , is therefore being moved into the night by the presidency of this parliament . posti
this is especially true for the very small businesses , the smes , which as a result can create a significant number of jobs , and that is precisely what we want . posti
in addition the introduction of information technology has led to the restructuring of job descriptions : many jobs have gone and some middle-aged people have had to give up work . mansioni
i am pleased with the commission 's eeurope 2005 action plan , as with it we will increase investment , aim to create jobs , and give everyone the opportunity to participate in the information society . posti
in the last six years we have seen around a million new jobs created a year , although last year the figure was only around half a million . posti
in the long term it is to the detriment of everyone if we do not make every effort to strengthen the sector , to promote 3g services and thus also to create jobs in the medium term . posti
because a market that is controlled by monopolists as now does not lead to more jobs and greater prosperity . posti
what we want , it should be remembered , is to make the european union the most competitive society in the world and it is also for this reason that the action plan eeurope 2005 was drawn up , with the purpose of providing an environment that favours private investment and job creation , of boosting productivity , modernising public services and giving everyone the opportunity to participate in the global information society . posti
this is an attempt to maximise the potential benefits of the internal market , overlooking the high levels of poverty , exclusion and inequality in the eu , the lack of quality in the jobs that are created , most of which are precarious , and the promises given in mr delors ' famous white paper , which predicted the creation of 15 million jobs ; a target that has now been postponed to 2010 . posti
we , for our part , ask that this aid be funded from the budget for aid paid to companies because , whatever the pretexts invoked for paying this , it is used not to preserve jobs , which continue to be destroyed on a huge scale throughout europe , but , in reality , to put yet a little more money in the pockets of shareholders . posti
for example , there will be situations in which intervention in reducing the risks and minimising the harm entailed by the consumption of illegal drugs must go hand in hand with improvements in people 's living conditions and quality of life , with job offers , social reintegration , the recovery of the urban fabric , with combating drug trafficking and effective action for primary prevention , either in schools or targeting groups of young people in high-risk situations . lavoro
restructuring is often a synonym for job losses which can have tragic consequences on the social fabric of any region , but in particular on those regions facing a low job creation potential . posti
it is true that even though that is about the metal industry and not specifically steel , it is a useful example : this very polluting company is going to shed thousands of jobs without taking any social or environmental responsibility . posti
you are aware that , 20 years ago , entire regions were abandoned and employees stripped of their jobs in the name of modernisation and productivity . occupazione
can we leave industrial and economic development strategies and thousands of jobs in the hands of a corrupt shareholder who is capable of sinking the prestige , buying some profitable gems within metaleurop , and leaving a region with unacceptable pollution ? metaleurop
as a result , if we respond to this with relatively weak declarations , we are confirming our inability , on the one hand , to ensure that basic social law is respected and , on the other hand to control or even prevent the use of public funds to create cheap jobs to the detriment of quality jobs that therefore have to be more expensive . lavoro
commissioner lamy therefore told us , before this house , that the european union intended to defend its industries and jobs by taking all available measures . posti
on a daily basis , multinationals - and i shall spare you the large companies that consider workers and small companies as nothing more than disposable tissues that can be thrown away once they have served their purpose - decide to implement job losses and close factories in order to open others elsewhere . licenziamenti
the guidelines on national regional aid make it clear that aid for job creation must be made conditional on maintenance of the employment created for a minimum period of five years . posti
this means the destruction of their status , their trade and their jobs , and we expect them to come to the european institutions bearing flowers ! lavoro
madam president , commissioner reding , commissioner lamy , ladies and gentlemen , world trade guarantees some 20 % of jobs in europe , which means that if we gain larger markets , we can sell more and create additional jobs . posti
discussing the part package today and voting on it tomorrow , we know that many european port cities - and i emphasise cities - have seen their workers , out of fear for their jobs , out of fear of social dumping , taking to the streets and demonstrating , and i say , for myself and on behalf of my group , that we sympathise with port workers as they draw attention to their concerns and needs . lavoro
i want to point out that the directive contains an array of provisions that touch - to the workers ' benefit - on social protection , social security matters , and their qualifications for the jobs they do . professionali
more likely , however , because they are coming up against a cold , liberal europe that subordinates safety , safety at work and health , social matters and jobs to blind liberalisation dogma . occupazione
when you talk of reducing the costs of port services , you are clearly talking in terms of lowering salaries , cutting jobs , increasing work rates and doing away with the forms of social and wage protection contained in the collective agreements . posti
i must firstly congratulate the rapporteur on doing his job , which is to defend the position of parliament and not his initial position . lavoro
it is true that , at the moment , with the proposals in the directive , we are not talking about reducing the number of jobs in ports . lavoro
even if she is not wholly satisfied with it , i think she has done a splendid job . lavoro
biofuels also promise to create new jobs in rural communities through crop production and in the construction and operation of processing plants . posti
we must take advantage of the job opportunities which could be created in research and technological activity . occupazionali
my colleague , mrs ayuso gonzález , has really done an excellent job . lavoro
this could play a part in the creation of new jobs in rural areas . posti
if we scrap another 20 % , the fleet will fall below the critical mass needed to sustain jobs in our harbours , ports and processing factories . occupazione
the skippers and crews , who have often mortgaged their homes to raise the cash to build these boats , will lose not only their jobs and boats but also their homes . lavoro
this is why the committee on fisheries voted unanimously - at least with only one abstention - to support this emergency resolution , the crux of which calls upon the commission to adopt less drastic measures for the long-term recovery of cod which would secure the maximum number of jobs in the eu whitefish sector . posti
the aim is , in fact , long-term restocking designed to preserve as many jobs as possible in the fishing communities that have been netting white fish for years and that are to be temporarily and fairly compensated and not required to diversify once and for all into other areas of activity . posti
today , unless there is radical change , our foreign and security policy lies in tatters , and economic developments - particularly where jobs are concerned - have not been as favourable as we expected . disoccupazione
for many citizens in the european union 's regions , the projects that depend on such funds are often the last fragile hope for the maintenance of their jobs . lavoro
above all , with a 36-year phase-in period where there is major investment , i believe that no dockworkers currently working in harwich , felixstowe or tilbury need have their jobs affected for their lifetime . felixstowe
i call on those involved in the conciliation to stick resolutely by parliament 's amendments , so that we can ensure that the safety of our docks and the jobs of our dockworkers are put first . posti
the formal declarations on maintaining public service obligations , the guarantee of jobs and the preservation of safety and the environment in ports - which are perfectly legitimate objectives that nobody is disputing - conceal the far less noble desire to defend monopolies , in particular trade union monopolies , that some believe to be untouchable . posti
since i believe pilotage to be a job that requires considerable experience and which is extremely important to the safety of maritime traffic in ports , i agree with the majority vote achieved in this parliament , which i supported with my vote in favour of the report . per
this was intended to achieve lasting growth , along with full employment , more and better jobs , and greater social cohesion . posti
jobs call for the right financial framework conditions . posti
we must get back to job creation being worth it in financial terms . posti
i propose that there should be more mini-jobs subject to reduced taxation and levies , quite independent of full-time jobs rather as an alternative to them - as i am alleged to have said . lavori
above all , small and medium-sized enterprises need favourable conditions , for they are , after all , the driving force behind employment , providing as they do 70 % of all jobs and 80 % of all traineeships . posti
we can also expect employment to receive impetus from more flexible ways of organising work , such as contract work and part-time jobs , from which women benefit in harmonising work and family . lavoro
thus , despite the positive evaluation of the results of the employment strategy , with reforms in all the member states and ten million new jobs created between 1997 and 2001 ; despite the positive approach , there can be no doubt that we need to activate more policies and speed up the reforms . posti
mr mann 's report emphasises that we must have a stronger commitment to training , to improved incentives for accepting and creating jobs and to less bureaucracy and more flexibility in the labour market . posti
such a policy would require that , in small businesses too , the jobs should be of good quality and be the source of sufficiently high productivity to provide a social surplus . posti
we do not agree that the general agreement on trade in services will be a job engine , either here or in the developing world . occupazione
too often we see that the poorest people in the worst quality jobs also live in the worst environment . lavori
madam president , commissioner , there is no doubt that mr mann has done an excellent job . lavoro
the importance of the role of the social partners , civil society and non-governmental organisations in achieving the objective of full employment and of better jobs for all cannot be over-emphasised . lavoro
today , however , in a difficult context , a context of waves of company restructuring and mass redundancies that are increasing instability on the job market , the european parliament must once again send out a strong , clear signal . lavoro
we do not want second-class jobs or deskilled casual work , as you are proposing . posti
must we , in this kind of situation , forbid ourselves from investigating , from taking a closer look - i am well aware that it is rather unusual to talk about this in this house - at certain experiments in reducing working hours , negotiated experiments which create jobs , which have considerably improved the economic performance of certain large companies , which have considerably improved the quality of social relations in the workplace and the quality of work ? occupazione
mr president , since the lisbon european council set itself the target of making the eu the world 's most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy by 2010 - an economy that can create sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion - we can ask ourselves how matters have developed since then . posti
the key to progress will be more basic research so that the new knowledge can quickly be converted into exciting , well-paid and interesting jobs . occupazioni
i want to say that mr mann 's report is a step in the right direction in promoting economic growth and increasing the number of jobs in the member states . occupazione
of course , i have to admit there is another side to this coin . a hard core of 7.4 % of the unemployed have never actually worked , have lost their job , or face major obstacles in getting back into work . lavoro
the proposal we are debating today encompasses three main objectives . these are to increase the rate of employment , to improve job quality and to open up the labour market to the most disadvantaged groups in society . migliorarne
mr mann , more jobs is not synonymous with full employment . occupazione
unfortunately , the current labour market is not dynamic enough to create new jobs . posti
briefly , one of the three basic objectives is a non-discriminatory job market , and what we are proposing to the council is that there should be individual quantitative targets for groups vulnerable to discrimination . lavoro
of the ten million jobs created between 1997 and 2001 , 75 % were filled by women , a clear signal that our targets are being achieved and our polices are effective . NULL
what in your opinion , after all , does a press report tell you which says that at present a hundred germans lose their jobs every hour ? lavoro
it will depend to a large extent on you , president-in-office of the council , if mr blix is to be given the time he tells us he needs in order to finish the job , and he says that that means not weeks or years , but rather months . lavoro
when people talk about a european employment strategy , they are trying to increase the number of jobs in europe , but when they talk about a european pensions strategy , unfortunately , they are talking about reducing and cutting pensions . lavoro
we voted against this text because its philosophy is that it is the sovereign right of employers to decide whether or not to keep jobs , while it is clear that , without corrective measures forcing companies to use their current or past profits to maintain jobs and salaries , the number of unemployed will continue to rise and poverty will continue to increase . posti
those amendments , which have been reinserted for the plenary sitting , entirely undermine the work done by the committee on employment and social affairs to restore balance to the rapporteur 's text in favour of an employment policy that it not only concerned with increased flexibility and reducing tax pressure , but also and above all with establishing quality employment for all as quickly as possible : training and education must therefore be the pivots of our policy , and second-rate jobs and other unqualified jobs must disappear . posti
under the misleading heading of ' sustainable development and full employment ' coined in lisbon and despite increasing inequalities , the member states are being called on to complete structural reforms which share out unemployment , make flexible forms of work the norm , create uncertainty and job insecurity and reduce wage costs in order to safeguard sustained growth in profits for big business . lavorativa
increasing investment will not solve the problem as most investment is in technological equipment which cuts rather than creates jobs . posti
we do not accept casual , unqualified jobs , and we do not accept employees being placed in a precarious situation . lavori
the report insists on greater flexibility in pay and in the labour market , which contributes to pay disputes and to job instability . lavori
it fully supports the application of the stability pact , speedier structural reform of the job market , reduced wages , an increase in the retirement age , full liberalisation of services of public interest , especially postal services , telecommunications , energy , transport and radio and television broadcasting and calls for lower taxes on businessmen . lavoro
it openly maintains that the slump on the job market and the failure to fully apply flexible forms of work are one of the main causes of unemployment . lavoro
faced with the rise in unemployment , the alternative is to simply abandon the stability pact for a policy focused on job creation through a major change in the way profits are distributed . posti
it is also advantageous that this is being done in a country in which there is no crisis at present , one where there may be sporadic conflicts , but where it is also possible to make a good job of the task in hand . bene
we had to ensure , as far as we could , that the important interests of european union citizens in preserving their right to privacy was balanced against the need to protect many thousands of jobs in our airlines and associated industries like travel agencies . posti
you ask us to take a positive view of the commission 's actions by saying that data protection - a right recognised in the charter of fundamental rights - and the loss of jobs or the penalties that airlines might suffer must be seen in a balanced way . posti
we live in an age of interdependence ; the environment , like trade , knows no borders and the job of the european union is not just to examine its own legislation ; it needs to do something to promote its legislation at international level , so that rules can be introduced which allow for environmental protection and healthy competition between the various regions and countries of the world . compito
it is our job to apply ourselves to this , but unfortunately i have to say that the division of responsibilities between the parliamentary committees does not always help us with this . compito
it would be possible to make a long job of this , or to say something very brief , and the speaking time available to me leads me to choose the second option . succinti
finally , the new regulation on state aid for employment enacted in 2002 is rather more flexible , requiring that the jobs created be maintained for a period of three years in the case of large enterprises and for a period of two years for small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
if job losses appear to be inevitable , everything possible must be done to make the workers affected by them more employable . licenziamenti
job losses deal a devastating blow to the workers affected and their families . lavoro
in portugal we have seen various examples of this phenomenon , of which i shall only refer to a few , involving closures of companies and parts of companies , new threats , and job cuts in multinational companies . posti
mr president , gislaved , bengtsfors and skövde are among the swedish localities in which many people have seen their lives shattered when large numbers of jobs have been transferred to other eu countries . posti
through dubious and , in some cases , illegal state aid , tax revenue has been used to move jobs around within the european union . posti
small localities in sweden have so far been the losers in the dishonest job trading conducted in europe . posti
my second question to commissioner fischler relates to the answer previously given by the commission to a question concerning the transfer of jobs in bengtsfors in dalsland to portugal . posti
does the commission believe that structural aid must in the future be redesigned in such a way that new undertakings and new jobs are given priority instead of jobs being transferred from one place to another ? posti
it is also becoming necessary , as we stated in the motion for a resolution , to draw up a code of conduct regulating the conditions for relocating jobs and which also enables us to monitor the virtual practices of companies that fail to comply . posti
i must emphasise that i do not defend managements that behave irresponsibly or take state aids and then do not deliver the jobs . posti
i could tell this house every month about cases involving more job losses than we are talking about today : companies that need to restructure , companies that are working in a global market . posti
the closures i have seen are because the company wants to survive in business , to continue employing people in high-quality jobs . posti
for example , five million new jobs have been created since the start of the lisbon strategy - 500 000 of them in 2002 despite the less favourable economic climate , with unemployment declining by 2 million . posti
it follows that structural reforms must be of such a nature as to enable small and medium-sized firms to invest , taxes to be cut and jobs to be thereby created . posti
on the issue of jobs , the council appears to have followed the age-old practice : ' if in doubt , create a task force ' . lavoro
it is thereby sweeping under the carpet the serious difficulties facing some member states and the serious social and economic consequences caused by the obsession with cutting investment and public spending , preventing objectives for creating high-quality jobs from being attained and increasing social tensions and labour instability . posti
it should also be an opportunity to focus on continuing the development of economic growth and employment and also guaranteeing quality of life , quality jobs and pension entitlements for all people across the eu . posti
to create and sustain jobs , the european union must become the most competitive economic area in the world and i am delighted to welcome the council 's decision to establish the competitiveness council . posti
i have still not seen the necessary reforms of the labour market that are a condition for growth and so also for more jobs . occupazione
this meets the expectations of european citizens , who know full well that we cannot achieve more and better jobs and greater economic growth without education and research . posti
education must prove that it knows how to incorporate european culture and sciences , the learning process , in order to produce learned students with job prospects . lavoro
i have set out the problem , but it is not my job to provide the solution to it . risolverlo
my job as chairman is to make sure that the rights and privileges that we fought for over so many years are maintained , and i intend to do that . NULL
our job has been to look at the politics and the strategy . compito
part of our job as the rapporteur team has been to consult staff and executives in other institutions to make sure their needs are fully catered for . lavoro
altogether , we can all commend this report to the house tomorrow morning and consider it a job well done , congratulate the rapporteur and look forward to early implementation of this proposal and a substantial saving in costs and compensation towards industrial injuries caused by cement and probably towards human health caused by nonylphenol ethoxylate . ottimo
in particular , crew members who have lost their jobs cannot apply for the individual premium of eur 12 000 unless the owner decides to transfer or scrap the vessel . lavoro
the fact is that fishermen who have lost their jobs because of the failure to extend the agreement with morocco , receive a compensation payment only if their employer allows his ship to be broken up or if he sets up a joint enterprise . lavoro
as a member of the european convention , i think our job is to look for ways in which we do not add to institutional bureaucracy , but we try to simplify things so that the citizens of europe are both protected and more in touch with those who represent them . compito
olaf has been established , it does its job and passes on the file to the member states - where it sits on a shelf . funzioni
the first reason is that people with practical experience but without the required training are ruled out of these jobs from the outset . posti
the aim of the lisbon council of march 2000 was to establish the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . occupazione
as the number of redundancy plans rises in europe , as growth in the eurozone is slowing down - 1 % instead of an estimated 1.8 % - and as the jaws of the stability and growth pact are closing , the fifteen are continuing to liberalise railways , energy and air travel , deregulate social protection and make the job market more flexible . lavoro
i had hoped the european parliament would do its job to bridge differences between our countries at this time of international crisis , and like every rational member in this chamber i believe everything possible must be done to avoid war whenever possible . dovere
we therefore again urge the commission , and , through them , the council and the member states that , if we want to create this liberalised european transport area , in which , however , this job can also be done under proper conditions , in which working conditions are right , and in which training will now also be right , these texts will remain nothing but fine words if the member states are not willing to systematically implement them . professione
experience in the netherlands has taught us that drivers who undergo professional training see their job satisfaction levels increase substantially . gratificazione
the requirement to pass a driving test is no longer a sufficient safeguard : we must ensure that especially those whose jobs consist of driving , such as goods-vehicle and professional drivers , are constantly monitored , for their own safety , first and foremost , but also in the interests of the safety of other road users . professionali
the mobility of students will promote understanding between different cultures and improve knowledge of languages ; it will prepare citizens to be able to work within a global society ; it will create an employment exchange within each institution - this is very important since it will help young people to find their first job , which is always so difficult to do ; it will also put the european union on the map in terms of advanced studies , because certain other countries were ahead of us in this respect . impiego
a large number of jobs in services and industry now call for employees to possess all-round ict skills , and that is why a programme such as elearning is essential to achieve the overall objective of the 2000 lisbon summit , of making europe the most competitive knowledge-based economy by 2010 . lavoro
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteurs , in particular my friend , mr casaca , who has done a more than brilliant job . lavoro
in this way - and i am addressing these words especially to the commissioner - the commission is not doing its job . compiti
it occurred to me that it is a dangerous and also very difficult job to be at the helm of governments in europe too ! riflettevo
would it not , therefore , be a good idea to organise tests and training courses for the heads of government and ministers of the european states too , who are at the helm of the different countries and have such a difficult job to do ?  
this is better than laying down a division of the job between strasbourg and brussels , as stated in the 1997 treaty or in a future constitution of a superstate which it will be scarcely possible to amend . lavoro
he had to bid farewell to his jobs with the united nations and the european monitoring centre for drugs and drug addiction when his free-thinking intentions became known . posto
she had a very difficult job to do . compito
the increase in employment was around 1.1 % , which means 500 000 new jobs , although we must of course assume that the poor growth forecasts for next year will also have repercussions on employment . posti
it is therefore very important for us to coordinate and step up our efforts so that we can fire growth and help create jobs . posti
so there are three objectives : more jobs , better jobs and a labour market which does not exclude anyone . posti
if you go further , you will see that there is a particular problem in the field of women where , although there is a high proportion of women in work compared with other countries , if you analyse the female labour market , you will see that it is centred entirely around very low paid jobs and part-time jobs , again due to lack of skills among women . posti
similarly , one particularly positive point of the directive is that the rights of the members of the reunited family are defined , rights relating to education and employment , in order both to ensure that they are smoothly integrated into the society of the member state and to safeguard their employment rights , so that they do not turn into cheap labour on the job market . lavoro
but to judge from the evidence given by the uk member of the joint supervisory body to the house of lords european select committee , we have reason to ask if we can have total confidence in the thoroughness with which the joint supervisory authority is doing its job . lavoro
so let us encourage the national parliaments to do the job as effectively as the danes do . lavoro
ladies and gentlemen , allow me , precisely because of my origins , to say how moved i am that cyprus will be acceding to the union at the same time as lithuania and the other countries , and to thank mr poos in particular and all the institutions of the european union , for doing such an excellent job of addressing such a serious issue and finding the best possible outcome . lavoro
many civil servants from the applicant countries will now be offered lucrative jobs in the eu institutions with salaries far above the salaries offered to their own prime ministers . posti
provided that it is in accordance with our rules of procedure , and i will not comment on the questions from other members , because that is not my job , particularly as to whether they have ' sinned ' . compito
in its contribution to the spring council on 21 march 2003 , the council included increasing the job supply and the participation of all groups and promoting a longer working life as one of its nine priorities , in order to achieve the three primary targets of the european employment strategy . posti
the collapse in coffee prices has led to a major crisis for tens of millions of coffee planters in dozens of developing countries , where coffee is not only an important source of jobs and income in the countryside , but also of currency income . posti
once the mushrooms have done their job and soaked up the caffeine , the remnants may be used as animal feed . dovere
if the european union were to implement a policy opposing mass redundancies , by obliging employers to use current and past profits to ensure that jobs are maintained , and if unemployment were to be reduced as a result , a communication strategy would not be necessary : word of mouth would suffice ! occupazionali
on the whole , we believe that the commission did a reasonable job . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as all those who have spoken before me have already said , mr nicholson really has done an excellent job , succeeding in convincing a large part - if not all - of the commission of the validity of the proposals for compromise amendments he has put forward , which are very appropriate and necessary . lavoro
the fact is that europe must not miss the boat in a forward-looking high technology sector in which important jobs can be created , and already have been . posti
we want independence when it comes to information on positioning , and we do not want a ' brain drain ' or ' job drain ' to the united states . posti
the european commission initiative : the future of the european employment strategy ' a strategy of full employment and better jobs for all ' ( com ( 2003 ) 6 final ) , principally laid down three wide-ranging objectives : full employment , quality and productivity in work and an inclusive labour market . posti
what they do is make use of job instability , short-term contracts , salaries in arrears and precarious labour conditions . posti
it is nonsense to try to ensure that we have a body which in the long term will deal with communicable diseases but which will not have the resources to do its job effectively . lavoro
the globalisation of markets and the decreased competitiveness of traditional sectors call for the diversification of economic activities and an exploration of new means of creating job opportunities . lavoro
that evaluation underlined the fact that the development of the social economy to satisfy unmet needs could create as many as 120 000 jobs in the united kingdom , 380 000 in germany and 100 000 in france . posti
but perhaps one statistic from the evaluation best illustrates the potential scale of future job creation relating to communal services : the gap between employment rates in the usa and the eu is largest in communal services , which include social services , recreation , education , health and social care . posti
equalising the rates would be equivalent to up to 7 million jobs . posti
the sector in my own region provides 13 000 jobs in the north-east of england . posti
yet just four and a half years later i was deeply disappointed to see that the modest reference to the social economy under the enterprise pillar of the old employment guidelines had completely disappeared under the heading ' fostering enterprise and promoting job creation ' in the new , streamlined employment guidelines . posti
out of 200 000 companies - commissioner , my figures are slightly higher than yours - in this european cooperative sector representing over 3 million jobs , between 10 and 12 % operate outside the local area and their activities concern every sector of economic life . posti
since this is one of the largest sectors of activity in europe , which is the top tourist region in the world , and since it is one of the sectors with the brightest future in terms of jobs and wealth creation , it is hard to understand the lack of political recognition and means for intervention provided in the current treaties . posti
you will know - and have yourself emphasised the fact - that the tourist industry merits our particular attention precisely because it is in the hands of the same small and medium-sized enterprises that create jobs and training opportunities over wide areas of the european union . posti
the weapons inspectors have the international legitimacy and credibility to complete the job they were asked to do , in cooperation with american and british forces on the ground . lavoro
as regards the findings from the individual initiatives , the honourable member will have to address his question to the commission of the european communities , whose job it is to monitor the measures in question . compito
once again he has done an excellent job . lavoro
we , as governments across the eu , must put in place the appropriate resources to do the job : manpower , money and , dare i say it , sniffer dogs . compito
i simply want to say to the rapporteur that the way in which he did this job , both on the temporary committee and subsequently , is a template for the way in which this work should be done . lavoro
mr president , i wish to join the others in thanking the rapporteur , mr kreissl-dörfler , for an excellent job well done . ottimo
during a recession such as this , there is no longer a labour shortage , but rather a job shortage . posti
financial incentives that are being mentioned here are more limited and will not immediately have the desired effect on the poverty trap and the promotion of jobs . posti
in fact , what we need to do in the short term is to consider job sharing again . lavoro
if growth is to be stimulated and jobs created , we must , as europeans , give ourselves room for manoeuvre in our public finances in order to increase public and private investment , to stimulate research and development and to take account of the social dimension as a positive factor , rather than the restraining one that the liberals maintain it is . NULL
the reference point for the essence of the economic guidelines was set by ecofin itself , when it decided that the main objectives for the next three years would be to reform the pension systems in order to cope with the challenge of the ageing population , increase the efficiency and flexibility of the job market and improve competitiveness through education and training , research and technology . lavoro
i would like to wish mrs tumpel-gugerell every success , so that europe can genuinely develop into what we need , namely the most dynamic economic area in the world , offering job opportunities for our young people . lavoro
in addition to these formal qualifications , however , there are three factors that would especially favour the choice of mrs tumpel-gugerel for this job . incarico
firstly , her enormous experience and impressive levels of expertise were natural prerequisites for the job . prerequisiti
we are sticking to those arguments , because this is the message that the citizens of europe are sending us and it is our job to maintain that position . compito
raising the retirement age means that people who have retained their jobs to the end will die in harness , and that people no longer wanted by their employers will finish their active lives on the dole . crepano
we all know that people in this house doing exactly the same job are paid a huge range of different salaries for it . lavoro
commissioner , you did a good job on ensuring the establishment of an internal market . lavoro
the exaltation of the alleged positive effects of competition , namely transparency , lower production costs and increased job possibilities , is being contradicted every day by reality . occupazionali
in actual fact , what are most apparent are non-transparent decisions , the diversion of public funds into private interests , whatever the status of the undertakings , the rapid increase in prices for users , the granting of benefits to unethical private groups and the abolition of hundreds of thousands of jobs in europe , while , as for workers ' statutes , they have gone right out of the window . posti
they will lead to job losses and , above all , to further deterioration of public services , and to the deterioration of energy networks and price adjustments , which are land-use planning tools . posti
for that reason i would like to extend very warm thanks to the members of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , for playing their part in this process , as well as to the greek presidency , which - as commissioner de palacio has already mentioned - has gone to a great deal of trouble , and also to the commission , for doing such a good job of bringing the council and parliament together so promptly to do this . unire
our proposals are reflected in what are now sixteen workable compromises , including on the use of educational and training methods to create workplaces of high quality , on increasing the level of investment in enterprises , on strategies for lifelong learning in accordance with the requirements and abilities of those involved , on the abolition of subsidies to industries which have no viable future , and on job creation in regions with a high level of unemployment . posti
if these - and as a result , new jobs - are to be created , there needs to be easier access to credit on favourable terms , so we need more dependable equity capital finance - an area where the european union differs to a marked degree from the united states . posti
this should involve reducing the tax burden on work to such an extent that the creation of new jobs ends up being less costly , which will make it possible to combat more effectively the black economy , which is booming . occupazione
mr president , the proposed guidelines for employment policies presented by the commission for parliament 's consideration are rich in pious generalisations : improving overall employment rates , improving employment rates among women and the elderly , improving quality and productivity of work , strengthening social cohesion and integration into the job market - all of these are generalisations which we have already heard a hundred times , which teach us nothing and which will surely teach the governments of the member states nothing either . infarcito
we are all agreed that the objective is full employment and that this objective cannot be achieved without a basically sound economy , healthy public finances , a promising investment climate and keen competitiveness - all key elements when the idea is to create jobs . posti
we need to focus on the objective : more employment and more jobs in europe . posti
it has already been observed that employment increases with the growth of the economy - as is shown by a number of recommendations which i fully endorse on the quality of employment , equal rights for men and women , jobs and so forth . lavoro
secondly , immigration as a response to the overall job creation strategy should be strictly regulated . occupazione
furthermore , the battle against undeclared work should be joined with renewed vigour , reducing labour costs and making the creation of new jobs less burdensome . posti
what i would like to tell the honourable lady member from sweden is that the german labour market might well be in need of reform , but there is not one member state of the european union in which the removal of protection against dismissal has helped to create jobs . occupazione
job security must no longer be sought on the basis of acquired rights but through skills , hard work and lifelong learning . lavoro
in order to provide secure jobs , we need , however , above all , as has already been said , to boost investment , the real spearhead , especially in future initiatives targeting the countries of central and eastern europe . NULL
joint ventures are another way of boosting smes , which , we must not forget , provide over 90 % of jobs in europe . occupazione
when applying flexibility , care must be taken to ensure that it does not become an easy option for certain companies which would like to exploit this solution by creating atypical jobs such as collaboration contracts , which do not represent a secure future , especially for young people . posti
if we are to do anything towards creating long-term jobs , the issue of how such transitions are carried out needs to be resolved . posti
we want more jobs , but also better-adapted jobs . posti
this policy falls within the context of the lisbon strategy which aims to make europe the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
what is particularly interesting is the union 's commitment to finding jobs for nationals in their country of origin and to regulating the system of voluntary work . posti
have you calculated , commissioner , the amount of public rural development budgets that would have to be mobilised to preserve the rural activity and jobs that would be destroyed by this industry 's euthanasia ? posti
it makes no sense , though , to destroy today businesses and jobs , especially in disadvantaged , structurally weak areas , whether this be done out of anticipatory obedience to the wto or , conceivably , for ideological reasons , since we will , tomorrow , have to replace or create anew these jobs , with a great deal of effort and expense to public funds , using rural development programmes to do it ? posti
mr president , the rapporteurs and members of the committee on agricultural and rural development have had a hard job positively revising the commission proposals for reform of the agricultural policy , which are ill thought-out and unreasonable . profondere
i think it would be very important for the european union to focus especially on education and training , so that young people in the accession countries have a chance to benefit from suitable job opportunities in their own countries . lavoro
in order to achieve the objective of full employment in 2010 , we need to create 22 million jobs for the 25 new countries , so that we arrive at unemployment throughout europe in the order of 3.5 % - 4 % . posti
as you quite rightly said , provided growth rates are achieved and the agreed reforms are applied , we have statistics from the past to show that we created 5 million jobs in the 15 countries alone over a four-year period . posti
simply to throw these waters open to giant trawlers from spain or anywhere else would be catastrophic both for conservation of fish stocks and for the preservation of jobs in the fragile azorean fleet . posti
our job as parliamentarians , and my job as chairman of the committee on fisheries , is to ensure that fish stocks are allowed to recover . compito
another key aspect is job losses . posti
the commission appears to envisage the loss of 12 000 jobs , which are to be recouped over the space of four years . posti
if we think we can recoup them and retrain them to do other jobs we are deluding ourselves , particularly where spain , greece , italy and portugal are concerned . lavoro
we have attempted , in consultation with the member states , to assess the potential job losses and the need for financial resources to alleviate the socio-economic impacts . posti
the commissioner is well aware that each job on a ship generates from 4 to 5 jobs on land , and therefore the disappearance of fishing would cause serious disruption to the socio-economic fabric of these regions . lavoro
mr fava 's report - which we will support tomorrow - states that the data on which your proposals are based is not up to date and is therefore not particularly reliable : the forecast of 12 000 jobs losses is underestimated and the retraining of the workforce envisaged is virtually impossible given the level of education of the people concerned . posti
its priority should no longer be price stability , at a time when there is a risk of recession , but instead protection of jobs , training and pensions for all women and men , the funding of useful infrastructures , such as large-scale piggybacking , and , more generally , genuine , fair , sustainable development . occupazione
we consider that , if the convention offered options at thessaloniki , this would prove that its job is unfinished . lavoro
the constitution would create good jobs for outgoing prime ministers when they could no longer be elected . posizioni
it is essential to remove the idea of incompatibility with holding a national mandate too , because if we establish a full time president of the european council - albeit calling the post ' chairman ' or trying to draw up a restrictive job description - all the elements of duplication , or dualism in the leadership of the union , which have been condemned for being extremely confusing with regard to executive functions , will inevitably come about . job
it is therefore the job of the presidency and of the thessaloniki summit , the ' zagreb ii summit ' , to make a clear offer to these countries , but also to spell out the conditions very clearly . compito
i hope - and this , mr prodi , is a job for the commission - that europe will react swiftly to the application by croatia , the first of these countries to apply for membership . compito
as far as issues relating to the presidency 's review and developments on a series of issues which are not so closely connected with thessaloniki are concerned , that is the job of the prime minister , mr simitis , and is scheduled for 1 july . spetta
the action plan proposed by the commission does not take account of the impact of the decisions taken by the fisheries council between 16 and 20 december 2002 and does not provide a response to the problems facing the sector or to the consequences of the restructuring ( scrapping ) measures and recovery plans which , according to the commission , would entail the loss of 3 000 jobs per year until the end of 2006 , on top of the foreseen loss of 8 000 jobs per year resulting from the crisis in the sector and from fleet renewal posti
for this to happen , the desire to preserve fishery resources must be set against the repercussions that each cfp option has for tens of thousands of people , for their jobs and for their families . lavoro
the head of the mission and his team did an extremely professional job . lavoro
however convenient it may seem to some to bowdlerise the conclusions of missions , however inconvenient it may seem to some to tell the truth about what experienced observers have seen on the ground , we have to be absolutely clear on every occasion that our election observation missions have the job of telling it as it is . compito
they have done an outstanding job and i hope that the house will continue to provide equally effective heads for these missions in the years ahead . lavoro
in the opinion of the committee on culture , in addition to education and lifelong learning , open coordination is also needed in other areas that come under the job description of the committee , that is , in policy on youth , the media , culture and sport . rientrano
they face a double risk in the event of insolvency , namely that they could lose both their job and the value of their shares . lavoro
this leads to lower unit costs , which increases the volume of sales , with the resulting possibility of creating more jobs . posti
previous experiences not only warn us of the risks but also raise many doubts about the incentive that employee participation schemes might provide for job creation and about the dangers of these being used in order to get around labour legislation and to call into question workers ' rights , specifically in the field of pay , work organisation and hours , equal opportunities for men and women and maternity and paternity rights . lavoro
applying the private profit approach to the financial resources of national pension systems and , to some extent , the salaries and savings of employees , which is what the financial participation of employees entails , means increasing the risk of financial crises and the socio-economic consequences of these , as the rapporteur in fact states : it means putting employees at a dual risk because in the event of the company 's bankruptcy they will lose both their job and the value of their shares . lavoro
whatever the case may be , profit-sharing systems of various kinds can in any event create good incentives for employees , give rise to greater enthusiasm for the job in hand and strengthen the link between company and employees . lavoro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to begin by thanking those who did such an excellent job of helping me with this report - members in the political groups , the commission and the council . eccellente
whatever titles and job descriptions the inspectors may have , they need to be backed by very clear and robust legislation that leaves no one in any doubt as to their authority and rights . qualifiche
farm production has always entailed positive externalities for the development of the rural world , contributing to job creation , to the development of other upstream economic activities , to regional planning , the preservation of the environment , the landscape and the cultural heritage . posti
our job must therefore now be to try to consolidate this constitution as a basis for subsequent work , but we must work on the basis of what we have agreed , what has been achieved , which is an indication that we are able to act , and this is tremendously important at a time when the european union was being portrayed as moribund and incapable of taking action . compito
among the issues that will be on the table for the next convention are foreign policy - a clear example of a loose thread - as well as merging the jobs of the two executive presidents into one and continuing to develop the council into a second chamber . funzioni
the second job i believe falls to us , and this was noted by this parliament 's delegation for relations with israel , is the need to make an effort to restore the confidence of an israeli society which lives in constant fear of terrorist attack . NULL
and if this is valid and necessary for industry in general , and to preserve jobs , it is even more so in the case of the european textile and clothing industry , which has a turnover of eur 196 billion every year , involves more than 113 000 businesses , provides work for two million people - or 7.6 % of total employment in the manufacturing industry - and is characterised by significant regional concentration . occupazione
what is needed , commissioner , for the sector 's survival at european level and for the continued existence of the millions of jobs that are at stake is above all a defensive trade policy . posti
it must also be borne in mind , however , that after enlargement we will have to add almost 600 000 more jobs to the two million already included in this sector , and many hundreds of thousands more in areas of industrial production such as germany and italy . posti
the workers there resent being seen as a cheap option when they believe that they are already working for poverty wages , but in a high-unemployment situation it is very difficult to resist taking any job that is available . lavoro
following the entry into force of the treaty of nice on 1 february this year , the commission presented a proposal in the shortest conceivable time ; now that we have considered it , i can tell you that they made a very quick job of it . lavoro
thirdly , we must protect and promote small-scale fishing , by which i mean non-industrial fishing , which is often coastal fishing and which is an important source of jobs besides treating fisheries resources with greater care than industrial fishing does . occupazione
we are now dealing with estimated job losses in excess of 40 000 around the north sea alone , with hundreds of fishermen leaving the industry and scrapping their vessels , and fish stocks across the major whitefish species showing signs of imminent collapse . posti
this is an increasingly important area and it provides many jobs in the tourist sector , the value of which we cannot underestimate . posti
i still consider that much greater visibility needs to be given both to the programmes and to the potential for regional development and job creation . posti
he also knew how to enjoy the pleasant sides of his job . lavoro
the council really needs to start questioning whether lisbon is working as well as people think it is in terms of the provision of high-quality jobs and the social cohesion which was sought at lisbon . posti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , without a doubt these six months of the greek presidency have been some of the most dramatic in the recent history of the european union , and i think that we can compliment the greek presidency on doing its job with great sensitivity , consistency and energy . mandato
the eu foreign minister will be more than an important and necessary job title only if we have codecision for foreign policy . titolo
our job now is to formulate a more precise strategy of this kind for the european union . compito
we owe this to the people of the european union ; that is our job as their elected representatives . dovere
our job is to make the best deal that science allows . compito
i know she has done a very serious job and looked at this in depth . lavorato
this legislation , if it signals the end of just one elaborate box , fancy bottle or something wrapped in plastic and sold in a heavyweight bag , will have done its job . pesantissimi
nevertheless , we need time and we will do the job . faremo
what is your opinion on this and what steps must be taken to bring an end to this trade distortion , which has for that matter already led to job losses ? posti
we have done a very thorough job in comparing these targets and looking at the situation in different countries . comparazione
the millions of unemployed throughout europe want sustainable jobs , rather than our apparent obsession with institutional design and architecture . posti
jobs and prosperity will have a more direct and real impact on the lives of the people that we are here to represent than tinkering with eu institutions . posti
the conditions , both positive and negative , are all there to be turned into opportunities : an integrated internal market , as mr prodi has mentioned , the largest and richest in the world ; low interest rates , but also - a negative point that can be turned into an opportunity - still high unemployment ; job markets that are still too inflexible ; and insufficient infrastructure . lavoro
the most economically advantageous factors may not be the cheapest price , but rather the number of jobs created . occupazione
the commission also considers that the central bank has done an excellent job in recent years with regard to its basic task , which is to ensure price stability , and we also share the concerns at the inadequate structural reforms and at the fiscal consolidation that is taking place in europe . lavoro
who will dare to put a figure , in terms of jobs , on the cost of the single currency and the delays and excuses of the european central bank ? occupazione
however , we must , of course , also look at the question of driving times , because often drivers cannot do their job properly because they are exhausted . lavoro
too many journalists have paid with their lives or have been given stiff prison sentences for having done their job , which is to inform people . mestiere
it could mean that a gay person could be refused a teaching job in a church school , however devout they are . posto
it could also fund other essential tools for job creation in areas where our agricultural and fishing industries are struggling to survive . posti
it is a positive step in building ever-closer relations between europe and china , an important boost for jobs and an important boost for those of us who want to see a renaissance of europe 's maritime trade . occupazione
we must now , therefore , ensure that no untrained people are taken on to do these jobs and that crews have been adequately trained .  
the question of mobility is directly linked to competitiveness , to job creation and to social cohesion and it essentially forms the precondition to a real european job market . posti
they feel it is europe 's job to provide those bridges . compito
one of the three main issues we are told that advice services deal with is that of people who have resigned from their job in order to move to another country with their partner or spouse and who lose entitlement to unemployment benefits by doing so ; hence amendments nos 2 and 43 from the committee . lavoro
we got the worst of all worlds , in that the union owned the fish , but the national governments had the job of policing them . rimasta
if the union had had the job of policing the catching of fish , we might have had some success . sorveglianza
an attempt is being made to untie this gordian knot with part-time and temporary employment and by sharing jobs between several workers . lavoro
the barcelona declaration of november 1995 recognised the vital role of women in development and the need for them to play an active part in economic and social life and in job creation . posti
similarly , the meda ii regulation referred to the need to recognise and strengthen the economic and social role of women and to the importance of education and of the creation of jobs for women . posti
the programme seeks to have action plans drawn up at national level , focussing on access and participation for women in the job market , supporting legislative reforms and drawing up policies that foster active training and the active development of the job market . lavoro
transparency international is supposed to monitor the role of such bodies , but it has not done the job it is supposed to have done . lavoro
the rapporteur , mr ebner , has done an excellent job . lavoro
all these objectives mean that a difficult job awaits the commission and it must convince us of how it is going to work in order for all the necessary adjustments to come about . lavoro
it is crucial for the european central bank and the euro that the selection of a successor to president duisenberg is carried out transparently and that it is based only on the criteria laid down in the treaty establishing the european community and in the statute of the european system of central banks and of the european central bank , and on the agreement of the latter on the candidate most qualified for the job . incarico
i hope that the european parliament will agree with the council and the european central bank that mr trichet is an excellent candidate for this important job . incarico
the lisbon strategy , indeed , defined the challenge of creating more and better jobs as essential to promoting truly humane progress , concerned not only with questions of economic growth , but also with the individual fulfilment of its citizens . occupazione
mr sterckx has done a good job with this report , but i voted against it because , despite its good intentions , it does not succeed in ensuring this safety . lavoro
delegating the authority to award qualifications to companies which have the technical expertise needed for the job , and which are independent of shipowners ; svolgerli
it is not your job to decide for yourself how the budget is to be administered , but to ensure that the administration actually carries out what the council and parliament have decided . compito
we need more jobs - sustainable jobs - and we also want to promote training - training with qualifications - and strengthen its role in the member states , while at the same time offering businesses incentives to discharge their obligations . posti
i would like to say how very grateful i am for this debate , and that i am confident that we will be able , once more , to produce a good european budget for 2004 , one that will do a good job of promoting enlargement . favorire
we are committed to the internal market and to competition , on which the creation of new jobs and growth depend . posti
madam president , firstly i wish to tell mr monti that i will not be engaging in any personal attacks on him - he has an extremely difficult job . compito
we have to remind ourselves of what we are trying to address tonight , which is the reality of 110 000 jobs . posti
the reality is that if you do not have a job , you cannot pay your bills or support yourself . sbarca
i support this refinancing package , but it must not be at the expense of british workers and british jobs . posti
what we need to say is that alstom will survive , and we must do everything possible to ensure that survival and protect those 110 000 jobs . posti
we owe it to ourselves and to those people in those jobs . lavoratori
then , as regards to the difference between the professions of notary and huissier , i do not think it is at all relevant : they are both , in any case , occupations , professions , which deserve the greatest respect , as , i believe , does the job of european commissioner . huissier
our task is to attempt to preserve the jobs of the employees of the alstom group by facilitating a restructuring plan and , at the same time , while preventing excessively serious distortions to trade , to stop the employees of competing firms from losing their jobs . NULL
of course , the loss of currently existing jobs from a specific area is always going to have a higher profile than the other jobs we manage to save elsewhere in europe by ensuring respect for the rules . NULL
in those - numerous - cases , the end result was , nevertheless , job losses , plant closures and , what is more , increased taxation to replenish the state coffers , affecting taxpayers . occupazione
he is right that i referred to the 10 000 jobs in the united kingdom and specifically those in my constituency , birmingham , rugby and stafford . posti
however , the record will show that i said we had a care of duty - a responsibility - to the 110 000 jobs . posti
therefore , whilst i recognise that i looked at the british consequences , i am extremely concerned about the effects on those jobs across europe . occupazionali
we are aware that we cannot succeed in alleviating poverty significantly without continued economic reform , without speeding up the creation of new , more stable and better paid jobs . posti
i took full note when mr bushill-matthews said that he will be watching me : that , of course , is his job and that of parliament . sguardi
the third is whether pensions are sufficiently up-to-date to cope with the new situation , characterised by atypical jobs and more and more women in the labour market . atipici
the situation for those who have atypical jobs is not satisfactory either , especially when it comes to the supplementary pensions on which the two sides of industry are agreeing . atipico
indeed i am grateful that he has seen fit to accept five of mine : on defining the objective ; to provide adequate and fair incomes to older people and prevent poverty in old age ; on defining the gravity of the problem ; on the importance of promoting pension portability ; and , in particular , on the disgrace that certain eu institutions continue to discriminate against allowing older workers to apply for jobs - a point i have raised on several occasions with commissioner kinnock with , i regret to say , only bluster in response . lavoro
i find it difficult to accept any remark that the commission is tolerating the situation and not doing its job as guardian of the treaties . dovere
as far as the data protection directive is concerned , applying the law is a job for the member states and their data protection authorities . demandata
there is no question that we have been able to work with such a high degree of consensus because parliament 's representation in the convention - in agreement with the national parliaments - did such a significant job achieving the consensus on the basis of which we have been able to continue to build . lavoro
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , i would like to say , on behalf of my group , how extraordinarily grateful we are to the rapporteurs mr gil-robles and mr tsatsos , not only because - as was only to be expected - they have done an outstanding job , but also because their work makes political sense , stating as it does that there are things with which we are not satisfied , areas where one could have gone a good deal further , but that considerations of compromise and balance led us to lavoro
the common fisheries policy has been an abject failure : the core objectives of the cfp were to save jobs and conserve fish stocks , but thousands of jobs have been destroyed and fish stocks have collapsed . posti
it does nothing for jobs or economic growth and widens further still the democratic deficit . posti
as mrs ahern said , some improvements have been made , but the reality is that we have to take into account the experience in the united states which has created multi-million and multi-billion dollar legal suits by large companies against small companies , which have stifled innovation , prevented new invention and prevented job creation . posti
not only is the use of renewable energy sources co2-neutral , but it also makes for added value in the regions and creates new and modern jobs in rural areas . occupazionali
this will bring eur 25 billion to the state coffers in 2013 , whilst there will be 2 million fewer jobs for young people and the unemployed . posti
the members of the convention , who have certainly done a sterling job , have not been elected democratically either , and the forms of decision-making within the convention , in which no votes were taken , in themselves give rise to strong objections . lavoro
i feel that we did a good job , not least as regards the most vulnerable , with the development agenda itself , with everything but arms , with technical assistance measures and capacity building , with the ground-breaking decision on lifesaving medicines , with regard to which we showed ourselves to be willing a long time before the united states . bene
is that , perhaps , linked to the crisis of the other international organisations , starting with the bretton woods organisations , which are not doing their job , and the organisations dealing with other themes - such as employment , the environment , agriculture itself - which are overloading the wto agenda ? mansione
although globalisation offers opportunities , it also makes our citizens anxious - and with good reason - about the future of their jobs . posti
i believe that all the individual states would like this project to be important in terms of the expansion of their economies , of job creation , of attempting to create a genuine network across the 15 nations , soon to be 25 . occupazionale
i would like to thank the rapporteur , mr van velzen , for his interest in this topic and for the thorough job he has done . lavoro
agencies and institutions paid for out of taxes are obliged to do the job they were originally set up to do , which is to provide a service for those who own and finance them , the taxpayers . lavoro
there is enormous unexplored potential , which could create a large number of jobs if exploited commercially , particularly via smes : small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
that being said , jobs would also be endangered by the attempt , which goes far beyond the commission 's proposal , to replace dangerous substances , either fully or to a greater extent , by the year 2010 europe-wide . posti
it is something of an irony of fate that we are today discussing the report of the ombudsman , whose job it is to combat bad administration , when the rest of the house is full of rumours about maladministration and eurostat . compito
this objective , which we reject , is supposed to be efficient , but has contributed to the increased instability and volatility of the financial markets , with impacts on the real economy and consequences for economic growth and jobs . occupazione
the best policy approach for jobs , companies , and particularly for medium-sized companies , is a moderate taxation policy . occupazione
. – as a portuguese , it is with great sadness that i recall the terrible , nation-wide disaster that caused the deaths of a score of people and destroyed hundreds of thousands of hectares of forests and farmland , while 45 000 people lost their possessions and their jobs . lavoro
i must also point out the specific importance that these agreements generally have for the outlying and outermost regions of the european union and the fact that , as the report states , they provide direct employment for 30 000 people , as well as an even greater number of indirect jobs in ancillary and processing industries . posti
– mr president , i should like to start by warmly congratulating our rapporteur , mrs redondo jiménez , who has done an outstanding job , with the support , obviously , of commissioner wallström . lavoro
the environment is more important at this stage than a few hundred jobs . posti
this is actually about protecting jobs that already exist and about protecting our environment and indeed our fishing industry . posti
– mr president , may i first say that mrs de sarnez has done an excellent job . lavoro
obviously , the new job opportunities that are going to be created in the future will be based very much on technology . occupazionali
we shall proceed in this spirit , hoping that , by the end of the italian presidency at the end of december , we shall have the best possible result on the criterion of the liberalisation of the railway market , not because we consider it an end in itself , but because we believe that it is the best way of serving the european economy , european consumers and the workers themselves , in that more jobs will be created . posti
does it have to result in job losses ? posti
and let me say to the members from belgium and france that jobs are already being lost at the present time . posti
in my own country of belgium , for example , the railways ’ share of the transport markets is falling ; in ten years the number of private sidings has fallen to a third of its former level ; this means that the rail industry has not furnished proof of its efficiency , and as a result of this it has been gradually shedding jobs . posti
anyone who warns us that jobs will be lost and forgets that they are already being lost now , when the railways are still in the public sector , has not , to my mind , assessed the situation fairly and objectively . NULL
secondly , i would certainly like to focus on investment in the tens , which is important and which we must try to support because it means development and jobs . occupazione
the internal auditor must have sufficient assistance to do his job adequately . compito
as chairman , it is my job to respect the committee 's position , not to oppose it . avversarla
then again , after the vote in the plenary , it is my job also to reflect that position . compito
tobacco cultivation remains a distinctive sector of activity , affecting 110 000 families and generating 400 000 seasonal jobs . posti
the world tourism organisation expects the number of tourist arrivals to double , to approximately 720 million a year in 2020 , and the 9 million people for whom it provides work will increase by between 2 and 3.5 million , to 12.5 million jobs . posti
innovation creates new jobs , most frequently in small and medium-sized enterprises , support for which needs to be further stepped up . posti
if , on the contrary , i say yes , and that the resource should be barred to fishing , this may well promote the replenishment of the stocks , but even then many jobs will be lost in the fisheries sector and in the businesses that depend on it , never to be replaced , and it may be that regions will lose expertise that will never return there . posti
we cannot deny the way in which the economic and social situation of workers has deteriorated . ten per cent of them , that is to say 15 million people , have no jobs . lavoro
the french clothing industry has lost 134 000 jobs since 1986 . posti
the report is a step towards achieving the highly placed objective in the lisbon strategy of making the eu the world ’ s most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy , with sustainable economic growth and more and better job opportunities . lavoro
however , if europe wanted to , it could provide sufficient aid to allow the refugees to return , provide the burundi people with acceptable housing and living conditions , and enable them to build infrastructures , hospitals and schools , thus creating jobs . posti
what sense would it make to have a preserved environment if the price was the misfortune of men , or at least the majority of them , those who live off their job ? lavoro
i am sure jobs and meaningful subject areas can be found for 25 commissioners . compiti
at the same time , i want to emphasise that the rapporteur , mrs sanders-ten holte , has done a very good job . lavoro
up until now these organisations really have done their job of providing information and working for the integration of europe . compito
over the last decade , we know that three million new jobs have been created , of which 1 600 000 have been taken up by women . posti
however , it should be noted that over 60 % of the new jobs created are in the high technology sector , where women are underrepresented , especially at the higher levels of technical specialisation and at the decision-making level . posti
the labour market is still divided by gender , with the men dominating in new technologies and women in lower paid jobs which call for less specialisation and offer less security . posti
more than half of all people working today use computers in their professional lives , 40 % of europeans use the internet and , in the last five years , more than 60 % of all new jobs created in the union have been in the high-tech sectors . posti
the new technologies offer new opportunities for jobs and for people ’ s working lives , including teleworking which , at least in theory , can help women and men better to reconcile family and working life . occupazionali
by the same token , the framework strategy for gender equality encourages an employability-oriented approach and women ’ s access to jobs in the new technologies sector . posti
access to the new technologies in all areas must not be confined to helping women to find new jobs . posti
we must improve the role women are given in the fields of ownership , supervision and management in the ict and media sectors , by providing the necessary assistance to women who set up their own businesses , by funding projects and by cooperating on implementing action plans , particularly in knowledge-based sectors , by supporting awareness-raising campaigns and by encouraging women to grasp job opportunities in the new technologies sector , once they are trained . occupazionali
that is why the new technologies do not by themselves constitute a market sector with a constant increase in jobs but do affect the development of other sectors . posti
restructuring , though , is often synonymous with job cuts , and frequently associated with dire consequences for the social fabric , especially in regions that have little or no potential for job creation . posti
at european level , we have laid down minimum rules with which all member states and all enterprises must comply in the event of large-scale job reductions or other measures potentially affecting workers . posti
it is the most recent restructuring operations that are our immediate concern today , and i need to make it clear to you right at the outset that i share your deep regret and grave concern at the potential social consequences , for the persons concerned , of the decisions to close down plant and cut back jobs . posti
we know that there is no getting away from this and that every investment in technology results in the loss of between 9 % and 25 % of jobs . posti
we must indeed find the means to counteract this loss of jobs , which occurs as a result of technology . innescato
it is important that we are having our debate today in the context of the future of the automotive industry because the issues surrounding the decision that ford was forced to make at genk go to the heart of our thinking on how we need to secure a long-term sustainable future for automotive manufacture in europe , the technology and the jobs that go with it , and i and many colleagues here have a huge interest in that . posti
ford has announced that it is going to make the next generation ford mondeo at genk and our job is to ensure that we have a demand for that car . compito
moreover , jobs have also been scrapped in cologne and the jaguar factory in barnsley is being closed down . posti
this agenda naturally includes creating more and better jobs , anticipating working environments , fighting poverty and social exclusion , modernising social protection , promoting gender equality and ultimately social policy as part of enlargement . posti
the review also sets out the commission ’ s thinking as regards the realisation of the eu ’ s overall objectives , and the creation of more and better jobs and also greater social cohesion , all within the context of the further pursuit of the lisbon strategy . posti
these are problems that mainly affect women , but also the elderly living on very low pensions , immigrants , children , people with disabilities and workers in insecure and badly paid jobs . lavori
the current situation calls for the primacy of monetarist and competition policies to be ended and for resolving these serious social problems to be put on the agenda , for compliance with the social policy agenda and for an effective public investment policy in order to create the fifteen million jobs that the european union needs . posti
this must not , however , mean that we do not put forward proposals in new areas , for example in the area of the working environment in response , for example , to atypical jobs . lavoro
the impasse we have reached in this area must naturally not be taken as a reason for not doing anything else in areas relating to the situation of non-typical jobs , including in connection with this directive . lavori
we also know this from job applications . lavoro
this is all well and good , but how is a person to penetrate the labour market nowadays and work towards getting a worthwhile , high-quality job if people with disabilities are not provided with adequate teaching , education and training , for instance ? impiego
they are also a driving force behind any kind of growth and the creation of new jobs . posti
i would like to thank the rapporteur , mr clegg , for the thorough job he has done , and parliament for its interest in the eighth report . lavoro
he has done an excellent job here and is quite rightly using very specific language about some of the shortcomings of member states . lavoro
we are creating jobs for 100 000 commuters across national borders , who would otherwise be hanging around on the street in france and in belgium . posti
making a success of sustainable development means fostering private initiative , educating and informing the public , continuing to pursue healthy macro-economic policies that generate jobs , accelerating structural reform and promoting investment in infrastructure and human resources . occupazione
nonetheless , the commission must obviously continue to see its job through to the end . lavoro
i hope that what was said today was partly due to exceptional emotional strain and that , in the next few hours , everyone will go back to the job they were appointed to do . incaricato
these so-called benefits are past or future job losses , the threat to salaries and working conditions , widespread job insecurity in companies – such as france télécom in france – that are in the process of being privatised , and the risk of massive redundancies in private companies engaged in a ruthless trade war . posti
this situation is accompanied , let it be remembered , by huge job losses and the jeopardising of any notion of public service . posti
the fact that it is certain that jobs will be lost and small and medium-sized companies will close has also been ignored . posti
commissioner , you have in fact completed a piece of work – and a terrific job , at that – in close partnership with the european parliament . ottimo
it must therefore be noted that we have taken up an unambiguous position on the social conditions of port workers , and have done a splendid job of it . bene
i , for my part , think that this compromise which we have before us serves the interests of industry to a certain degree in that there are other service providers – it breaks the monopoly and there is greater choice – and it serves the workers , because in this way new companies are being created and new companies mean new jobs . posti
more jobs , that is the best social policy , in general . posti
these are ports with an ever-lower level of pay , safety and environmental protection ; ports that can offer only temporary jobs , which are dirty and unsafe and , above all , attract unskilled labourers ; ports where much of the work can be done by people from the developing world who are not admitted to europe for other on-shore work . lavori
whereas the whole chain of services – pilotage , mooring and unloading – requires professionals skilled in these types of activity so as to avoid any risk of accident , self-handling would involve a levelling down of the services provided , as well as of professional qualifications and environmental security , and would also entail a social cost linked to job losses . posti
in flanders , thousands of people are anxiously waiting this week to see whether they will have a job in a few months ’ time . lavoro
the liberalisation of particularly energy and rail transport has shown in flanders , for example , but also in great britain , that it can also adversely impact on competition , job quality and the provision of services . lavoro
it is remarkable , however , that the eu is able to lay down detailed rules for all and sundry in many situations , but has proved unable to do so in this case , where job quality is concerned . lavoro
mr hatzidakis ’ argument that new jobs will be created is crazy . posti
i beg you , if the same jobs are done by people who already have other things to do , that reduces jobs rather than encouraging the creation of additional ones . lavori
if we accept the compromise , port workers will lose their jobs , simply because seafarers on ships calling at eu ports have been allowed to handle cargoes . lavoro
in that way , the eu will lose a large number of jobs . lavoro
by that i do not mean ports in italy , because they have an authorisation system , nor those in spain , because they , too , have an authorisation system , but ports that have a rather casual approach to job protection and safety . lavoro
this situation will cause serious problems for the job stability of port service workers , will hamper the coordination of interactive on-board and on-shore operations and will help to create conflict and a breakdown in solidarity between the established workforce in ports and ships ' crews . lavoro
we owe it to british jobs , the future of investment in our ports and above all safety to reject this proposal . posti
this will result in secure employment in port areas being axed and an increase in the number of workers with insecure jobs , who are badly paid , over exploited , inexperienced , with all the threats that this entails for the environment and safety . posti
they will soon find out that no parliamentarian who takes his job seriously will go along with that . lavoro
it is up to us to show that we are able to administer this variety and give our society and , more importantly , the job of women , the opportunity to express its pluralism . lavoro
mr sacrédeus , who unfortunately appears to have left the chamber , has done a good job concerning the programme covered by his report . lavoro
can you imagine the info-points in your region being able to do their job if they were restricted by a call for proposals ? lavoro
we in the moderate party have always been of the view that non-profit-making organisations are more efficient than state organisations at the job of combating destitution and hardship in the non-industrialised world . stenti
that is what we will say to the people , and we will try to persuade our governments not to sign in brussels if the result is not satisfactory and to leave it to the irish presidency or the luxembourg presidency to finish the job . opera
the seven who do not hold on to power back home can then share jobs in brussels . compiti
we reject the charter of fundamental rights - with its vague rights to jobs , health and social security - becoming legally binding . occupazione
we must also look at other issues concerning our citizens : more and better jobs . posti
as wim kok 's report has shown , there are too many people excluded from the labour market and we are building a wall between those who have a job and those who do not have a job . occupazione
what matters is that europe is able to catch criminals who completely ignore national borders , that we speak with one voice in foreign policy and that there are enough good jobs for everyone . posti
we therefore end up without the money for low-interest loans enabling business and small enterprises to invest , and then no jobs are created for lack of finance at reasonable rates . posti
i do not wish to blame the italian presidency , but , mr tremonti , the decision by ecofin is a real botch job . lavoro
we propose the following amendments : compensation will now also be paid to every fisherman who has lost his job because the ship on which he worked has now joined another fishery , for example through a joint enterprise . occupazione
in every respect , this was seen as a good package that delivered the development and conservation values , provided a sustainable fishery , continued to provide jobs for eu fishermen , and continued to supply the eu with high-quality fish . posti
after all , you do not need economic models in order to figure out for yourself that the re-introduction of the high rates will cost a very large number of jobs . lavoro
i am pleased , moreover , that parliament has supported our attaching importance to finishing the job quickly so that people might have the card in their hands by 1 july 2004 . lavoro
mrs jensen has done an excellent job and i should like to congratulate her again . lavoro
furthermore , amendments nos 22 and 23 that i tabled with astrid lulling for the part-session are extremely important ; indeed they allow for the experiment to be extended until the current changes to the directive come into force , which is absolutely necessary in order to avoid disastrous consequences in terms of jobs . posti
according to a recent hearing here in parliament , the deployment of this instrument has created an additional 250 000 jobs throughout the european union . posti
if the experiment is discontinued , countless jobs will disappear in europe , 8 500 of them in the netherlands . posti
competition , growth , the stability and growth pact and the liberalisation of transport and postal services have been presented as needing no justification , whilst people are suffering the full impact of this policy , starting with unemployment and job insecurity .  
there is fraud in order to line one 's own pockets , fraud to buy one 's friends and fraud in order to secure the future of one 's own job , irrespective of corporate planning . comprarsi
such takeover bids frequently result in lower value for shareholders in terms of loss of output and , even more seriously , in the destruction of jobs . posti
the names of two ships , the and the , are synonymous with catastrophes that disproportionately burdened public funds and cost many people their jobs and livelihoods . lavoro
i have to say , mr president , that mr kok has done a truly outstanding job and his work is the fruit of his experience as both a trade union leader and a head of government . lavoro
much work remains to be done , however , to give firms operating in europe those general conditions associated with the legislative framework and the state of the job market that can guarantee their genuine competitiveness on world markets . lavoro
he said that perhaps we in europe need to move away from this introspective constitutional debate , as it has taken up too much time and energy ; and that what we need to focus on are the issues that matter to our european citizens , such as jobs and growth , the environment , human rights and quality of life . occupazione
firstly , we must recover our common sense , and there are a series of things we must not do : we must not talk about dividing europe , about dividing ourselves , the europeanists , up ; we must not talk about founding countries , about pioneer or vanguard countries , as if to reproach those countries which do not seem up to the job ; and , at this time , nor should we send letters to the president of the commission telling him to reduce the budget to 1 % of gdp . altezza
but before i sat down last time i also said i hoped that the council would make a better job of this than we did . auguravo
bankruptcy of the tuna canneries , currently generating 5 000 direct local jobs and more than 30 000 indirect jobs , would create a great deal of unemployment and could possibly lead to social unrest in abidjan . posti
mr president , firstly i would like to add my congratulations to those that have already been made to the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job in revising some of the more unrealistic parts of the proposal . lavoro
our rapporteur , mr giorgio lisi , who has done an excellent job , which was ultimately crowned with success during the conciliation procedure , also personally took this line . lavoro
sadly this regulation , in its present state , will badly damage our airline industry and , in particular , our regional and low-cost carriers , thereby threatening jobs and reducing the opportunities the consumer has come to expect in terms of choice and a competitive level of airfares . posti
if the commission wanted to give our business away to the rest of the world , then it has done a jolly good job . regalare
do you realise that if there is no general european ban on night flights , this will result in competition between airports and in competition with a downward effect , where the acceptance of noise will be exchanged for jobs ? lavoro
to come back to this particular spanish case , we have the impression that in the region concerned , mr victorino alonso , who is the boss of the various undertakings , is misusing the money that europe gives him , because he is using the money to improve the competitiveness of his undertakings , whereas it is money that ought to be used to preserve jobs in the region . posti
i believe that the disease ’ s erratic and unpredictable nature should be taken into account in such a way that sufferers are not so vulnerable with regard to keeping their jobs as well as their social environment . lavoro
employers must take reasonable steps to enable disabled employees to do their jobs . lavoro
i am very pleased that the committee on employment and social affairs has produced an opinion to contribute its authorship to this report , because within seven years , 50 % of people with multiple sclerosis lose their jobs , even though they want to work and are capable of working . lavoro
there is also a need for a new directive on disability rights which would guarantee that people who suffer from conditions of this kind are not discriminated against in accessing jobs . lavoro
it is one thing to be in a job and have this condition , but if you have the condition it is virtually impossible to access a job subsequently . NULL
a number of people i have spoken with have lost their jobs because their employer was not flexible or understanding about ms. that is why implementing an eu directive on equal treatment in employment is so important . lavoro
it has meant the creation of approximately one million new jobs and , in particular , better service for less money . posti
services of general interest make up a substantial part of the european economy , which is increasingly becoming an economy of services ; liberalisation and competition , also within this extremely important sector , are essential to the dynamic nature of the european economy and its capacity to grow and create jobs . occupazione
privatisation results in the destruction of productive forces , problematic performance , a fall in the quality of the services provided , terrible social inequalities , higher prices and fewer jobs . occupazione
mr president , i congratulate mrs almeida garrett , whose report has , in my opinion , done a good job in providing a clear and concise analysis of the entire set of issues concerning the agencies , amongst which i would very briefly highlight the following , because of their relevance : garrett
these exports are now up and running again and we have recreated thousands of jobs on a sustainable basis . posti
this community strategy we are asking the commission for is all the more urgent if we consider the vulnerability of our sector to possible unfair competition and the precariousness of many thousands of jobs in our industry , the majority of them carried out by women . posti
there is a grave risk of job losses in a sector that has already been hit hard in recent years by a worrying socio-economic crisis . posti
this activity generates a huge number of jobs , directly and indirectly , both in europe and in the developing countries with which we are linked through international agreements and where european industry has made significant investments . posti
a very significant percentage of the catch goes to the processing industry , meaning that there are very many dependent jobs both at sea and on shore . posti
i hope in the next commission that there will be two former development ministers doing the job that mr nielson and i are currently doing – it would be a help . mansioni
the proposed directive seeks to create more cross-border service activity , which will give businesses new opportunities in new markets , so that they can grow and create more jobs . posti
the effect on the economy as a whole will be higher competitiveness and more and better jobs . posti
while the internal market has indeed been one of the union ’ s most important achievements , we see the further development of the services sector as the key motor of growth and job creation . posti
i myself come from a small country in which we are on first-name terms with the prime minister and his closest rivals for the job . rivali
we must place emphasis on overall economic growth , but our priority must be to promote employment , more and better jobs in our european union . posti
in the interests of equity , productivity and social stability , we must address the serious issue of europe 's greying population and so we must create the optimum conditions for jobs . occupazione
as such , these smes are the driving force of european job creation . posti
there is a danger that the new financial perspective will undermine what ought to be urgent priorities , such as jobs with rights , the fight against poverty and social exclusion , and cooperation and development with developing countries . occupazione
we all know that it is an instrument for which the criteria are stupid , which penalises economic growth , jobs and public investment , and which ought to be scrapped . occupazione
because , more than anything else , if you deliver on more jobs you will earn the eternal gratitude of our voters . posti
it is clear , mr president , that we must recover the path of sustainable growth and job creation . posti
we are continuing to press ahead with the necessary reforms to make the european economy more competitive and capable of providing more and better jobs . posti
he has managed very successfully to combine membership of the assembly at westminster with membership of the european parliament , so it should be possible for me to do my job at home and be here at the same time , to help you out as best i can . lavoro
. – mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , ladies and gentlemen , the speech bertie has made makes my job much easier , because the presidency and the commission are in complete agreement . compito
the committee on employment and social affairs would also like to be sure that persons who , because of national regulations , are highly qualified professionals are not disadvantaged by comparison with those who have a low level of qualification but the same job title . professione
therefore , commissioner , when we are looking at professional qualifications and seeking ways of facilitating professional mobility , as we should , we are not just talking about job opportunity or filling vacancies , or even individual professional freedom . lavoro
having read amendments nos 192 to 196 in the name of mrs kauppi , mr harbour and others , i think that does a rather elegant job and , in any event , between now and the final vote , it is up to us to try and bring it together in such a way that we get a clear , intelligible and workable package at the end of the day . studiate
i particularly welcome the idea that the most important investment nowadays is in people , in men and women , given that education and training – alongside the dissemination of new technologies – are the main ingredients of effective policy for innovation in the services sector and for the worthwhile aim of job creation . posti
the result is economic loss on a tremendous scale – lost tax revenue , lost jobs , lost investment confidence , which can be seen in the music industry in particular , but it also means lost rights for people like you and me , namely a loss of consumer protection , a loss of young people ’ s welfare and the like , and in the end it is also a threat to cultural diversity . posti
this means that it is important that we should now recognise the connections between the quality of the internal market , the eu ’ s ability to compete , the fulfilment of the lisbon targets and the achievement of growth and job creation . posti
that is the job of the treaty , the court of justice and the legislator . compito
progress has been made in this respect during the past year , but this is an area of competence that requires constant work , especially given the difficult economic situation , which makes it opportune for member states to use state mechanisms and aid in order to safeguard companies and their own citizens ’ jobs . posti
people ’ s demands for development , increased growth and more jobs have now met with a response . posti
if we want everyone to have job opportunities and to be able to support themselves , we must of course favour companies that create jobs for people with disabilities . lavoro
– mr president , the previous speaker , mr van hulten , has given an excellent explanation of the background to the refusal to grant the committee of the regions discharge in april , and i think that mrs avilés perea also does that in her resolution ; she has done a very good job . relazione
we shall be supporting the critical tone of mrs avilés perea ’ s resolution , because we think that she has done a good job . lavoro
mr president , just like the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , we consider the rapporteur to have done an excellent job in his report . lavoro
– mr president , commissioner , first of all i would like to thank the commission for the communication on the future of the textile and clothing industry , which has been published at a time when the sector is very worried about the final elimination of the import quota system on 1 january 2005 in view of the competitive pressure from developing countries – countries which also have a large export capacity – which could lead to the closure of many companies and consequently to job losses . posti
recent studies indicate job losses in the european union in the order of 40-60 % by 2010 depending on the sector . 60
commissioner , the future of the sector and the continued existence of thousands of jobs are in your hands . posti
mr president , it is well known that the textiles and clothing industry still has a considerable presence in the enlarged eu , employing around 2.7 million people , mainly women , even after shedding some 850 000 jobs and losing many thousands of businesses between 1990 and 2001 . posti
the aim is to ensure the survival both of mid-range products and of those with a high added value , and to guarantee job prospects . occupazionali
portugal , as we all know , is a country in which jobs and economic and social cohesion depend a great deal on the textiles and clothing sector . occupazione
this leaves the markets wide open for foreign companies to come in , which may lead to job losses , undermine regional development and adversely affect national economies . posti
– this resolution is a veritable eulogy of the globalist policy of free trade that is decimating our industry and our jobs and as such is an insult to the men and women who , each day , pay the highest possible price for the consequences of this ultra-liberal european economic policy , from which only a handful of faceless and stateless shareholders benefit . posti
whether the textiles industry is competitive or not , it is deplorable that 850 000 jobs should have been axed ! posti
this is the only way in which jobs can be guaranteed in the sector and in which we can safeguard what remains of europe ’ s textiles and clothing industry . posti
and let us remember that , without migrants , many health systems would be short-staffed ; many parents would not have the home help they need to pursue careers ; many jobs that provide services and generate revenue would go unfilled and many societies would age and shrink . posti
not only do i sympathise with the public authorities responsible for charleroi , i admire them for trying to take action to stimulate much-needed economic growth and jobs , in the light of declining traditional industries . occupazione
upgrading or – in particular – downgrading is significant for an enterprise , in that it makes for major problems with the raising of capital , financial problems , and that does of course have indirect effects on jobs . occupazione
if we are to talk about rating agencies and if we are to be delighted with our rapporteur ’ s initiative , it is because the market is blind and because , in this blindness , rating agencies have obtained , or are obtaining , an altogether essential decision-making power that will have far-reaching consequences for the future of enterprises and , therefore , of jobs . occupazione
of the hundred largest enterprises in the european union , 80 are monitored by only three agencies , which should , therefore , be able to do a better job of rating them . valutate
the second extreme position , which concerns overall acceptance of ' opting out ' as a way of operating the job market , essentially abolishes all the fundamental frameworks of the european union based on workers ' rights which essentially take account of health and safety and which link productivity with the worker as a person . lavoro
because this directive is clearly of very great importance and affects the job market and the economy and has a direct impact on the lives of millions of workers in europe and , at the same time , on enterprises and the economy of europe , we need real , substantial consultation with all the agencies involved and , of course , as we said , with the social partners . lavoro
our objective is for this procedure to bring us to a better legislative framework which takes account of the real impact on the job market and best serves the basic objective of the directive , which is to protect the health and safety of workers . lavoro
what was striking was that , for every employee who felt under pressure to opt out , we found others who wanted the right to choose what hours they worked and what salary , status and job satisfaction they gained as a result ( ... ) . gratificazione
we are told that many people want to work longer hours because they really love their jobs – just as we all do . lavoro
we know of the enormous pressure exerted on people by employers , by methods of working , by just-in-time production , by a whole set of things such as the macho work culture that says you are not dedicated to your job unless you are in at 8 a.m. in the morning and still there at 10 p.m. at night . posto
the opinion of the committee on women ’ s rights and equal opportunities is , unfortunately , another typical example of that very process , since it made a brilliant job of missing the point of the report . invidiabile
what is this other than the model that exists in the united states where people sometimes need two or three jobs in order to be at all able to take care of their families ? lavori
in the private business sector , priority should be given to the promotion and development of small- and medium-sized enterprises , which lay the foundation for more jobs and self-supporting economic development in developing countries . occupazione
poverty , diseases and lost economic opportunities have increased because of the state management of public utilities by bureaucrats whose first priority is job security and not economic efficiency : just look at the failed soviet system . lavoro
in the former case , despite the corruption and the more inferior services now provided , the job gets done and some form of utility is provided , while in the latter nothing ever gets done and the economy suffers . opera
indeed , we read that numerous liberalisations and privatisations that were carried out quickly in developing countries , under the pressure of structural adjustment plans that are often imposed , have had disastrous consequences in terms of job losses and the deterioration , and increase in price , of the services concerned . posti
there is , of course , always the problem of low labour costs , but that is something we know , which is why the strategy on employment focuses on the question of investment in human resources and fundamental change in the orientation of jobs in europe . occupazione
it is not acceptable just to take skilled workers from less-developed countries , nor is it acceptable for rich eu countries to say they will take migrants to do those unpleasant , dirty jobs that they do not want to do . lavori
agricultural support is being distributed unevenly : 20 % of the farms receive 73 % of the direct support for 59 % of the acreage and only 25 % of the jobs . posti
the outcome of this would be viable community agriculture that is capable of supporting the highest possible number of farms and jobs throughout the eu . posti
i also wanted to mark my full agreement with the review of the fundamental aims of the cap , the relevance of which the report reaffirms : ‘ to promote a territorial approach to agriculture capable of preserving as many farms and jobs as possible throughout the eu ’ and ‘ to ensure a fair standard of living for the agricultural community and stabilise incomes with a view to maintaining farming activity throughout the european union ’ . posti
as we pointed out during the debate on the report , its objective is to further liberalise the job market for the benefit of big business , it intervenes in the education system of the member states , imposing an educational model which downgrades higher education , and it harmonises downwards the qualifications needed to access professions protected by law . lavoro
for some , working abroad for a while to gain experience is fun , but it is not if it is a necessity because jobs in their own profession are dying out in their own country , so that they can only be found in far-flung places . posti
it is therefore essential that the commission propose adequate legislation to protect workers from the appalling consequences of company relocation , that it promote legislation containing social clauses designed to protect jobs and the standard of living of families affected , and which commit companies to providing workers with the opportunity to gain new professional qualifications . posti
good company law and good corporate governance are essential to the job security of all employees and to the protect the future of members of company pension schemes . occupazionale
the financial services industry must certainly put its house in order and ensure ethical conduct and diligence to protect the jobs and savings of millions of people . lavoro
what is urgently required , as we have proposed on many occasions , is a moratorium on liberalisation and a root and branch evaluation of the consequences of what has already been implemented in the various social and economic sectors , especially in terms of jobs , of the universality of the services provided , of client satisfaction and of making the functioning and management of services more democratic . posti
i should like to remind you that , very recently , only a few years ago , many dozens of portuguese seamen lost their jobs on norwegian routes just because they did not speak norwegian , in spite of the fact that norway is also required to abide by the laws of free competition . lavoro
that sort of agreement is important to iran , not least because of the number of young people coming on to the job market every year and the requirement on the part of the iranians to attract more foreign investment in order to create the jobs and the economic development which is needed to deal with that demographic pressure . lavoro
reconciliation is a key concern at european level in employment and social affairs policies and the issues at stake are the promotion of more and better jobs and ensuring equal rights for men and women . posti
right across europe , there are interesting models , such as the use of vouchers in payment for services , which the french have pioneered and which also creates jobs , or , to take another example , the introduction of child allowances in my own country of austria , the thinking behind which is to try to make freedom of choice a reality for women . posti
i refer , inter alia , to those based on article 13 of the treaty of amsterdam , which could prohibit for the first time any act of discrimination based on gender outside the job market , such as access to goods and services or the supply of these . lavoro
by putting people second , neo-liberalism prevents women ’ s rights from becoming a reality , makes unemployment worse , makes jobs less stable , devalues maternity and paternity and obstructs women ’ s participation in social and political life . posti
madam president , i too would like to extend my thanks to the rapporteur for what was an extremely difficult job . compito
having said that , these measures were taken , if i have understood correctly , on the basis of the treaties of accession , which provide for an initial period of two years , during which derogations from the general rules on access to the job market are permitted . lavoro
they cause losses running to millions in europe every year and they are consequently a threat to our economy and above all to jobs in europe . posti
the uk 's anti-counterfeiting group has estimated that as many as 4 000 people lose their jobs as a result of this trade and that the gbp 1.75 billion lost in vat alone could build four new hospitals a year . lavoro
it is time we stopped allowing counterfeiters a free ride at the expense of consumers , legitimate businesses , eu jobs and the eu 's competitiveness . posti
it is about the future of the european economy and about the ability of any manufacturer who has intellectual property rights , whether protected by patent , copyright or registered design , or indeed by any other form of ownership , over a creative work or design that they have genuinely originated , to be able to protect and sell their products in a legitimate way , reap the profits and create jobs within the european union . posti
we are in the real world now , and this is not some theoretical piece of legislation but something that will actually protect jobs in our constituencies . posti
you will have to answer for the impact this will have on local jobs and local manufacturers . posti
approximately 20 000 jobs are lost each year . posti
that is why they want us to do the job better and that is why those who are directly implicated in the process – whether consumers , citizens , or businesses , large and small – want to feel that they have been consulted and they have had their say at the right stage in the process . consultati
one of the crucial elements of doing the job better is improved development of our legislative strategies and early consultation in the process . meglio
that is what we have just been discussing in connection with enforcement because the problem is that , however much we legislate at european level , if we cannot have consistent enforcement , the cost of the legislation falls on people who already have the systems in place and are doing the job . lavorano
mr president , we know that our honourable friend , mr medina ortega , has tremendous experience in this matter and , with his proposals to date , has helped a great deal with the job of simplifying and modernising the legislative work of the community . lavoro
it is not just settlers who manufacture products there ; a good many palestinian jobs also depend on it . posti
ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , i would like to thank the three rapporteurs most warmly for having done a good job so quickly . lavoro
employment has proved pretty resistant , or so it appears from the report , which goes as far as to invent the piquant neologism of ‘ delayed improvements in employment levels ’ , before admitting the bitter truth that , ‘ in its first decline in ten years , the euro zone recorded a loss of some 200 000 jobs ( in net terms ) in 2003 , and the unemployment rate should continue to rise slightly in 2004 ’ . posti
in creating more and better quality jobs in europe , we must implement a broad-ranging set of policies at eu level . posti
we know that the internal market is said to have created over 2.5 million jobs within the last ten years alone . posti
to me , one who has always been a european , it gives the opportunity to bring the point home that europeans have now had enough of a europe that is essentially economic and financial , one that all too often , for the sake of the free market and of competitiveness , sacrifices jobs and ignores the day-to-day problems faced by the public ; so i join with them , the people , this morning , in recalling the dream of europe ’ s founding fathers , the dream of building a europe of peace , culture , diversity posti
if it took fifty years to build the european union that we have now , there is no small risk that we will one day see the structure implode for lack of sufficient popular support or of any ambitious vision of society , through failure to give priority to jobs , to respect for national and regional differences , and in the absence of any real solidarity . occupazione
the roma need understanding and massive resources deployed in order to provide them with the essentials of life , education and job opportunities , but equally they have to change their lifestyle . lavoro
we need these countries to work together on economic reform to boost jobs . posti
the commission has done a good job and on this i offer it my congratulations . lavoro
as mr maaten said , far more than 400 000 jobs are affected . posti
particularly in the tobacco sector , the decoupling of aid will bring about the end of this activity , which has , up until now , provided many jobs . posti
rural development is not about killing off a sector , but rather about maintaining jobs in order to keep our countryside alive . occupazione
the harsh reality experienced by women in the eu ( high unemployment rate , few , poorly paid , scarce jobs , terrorism in the workplace , lack of measures giving social support to the family , increase in the retirement age , wage discrimination and so on ) is the outcome of the strategic choices of the εu , to which the lisbon and barcelona summits gave significant momentum . posti
in this sense , i , as the official rapporteur for lithuania , wish to confirm the important positive job which has been done in this country and helped it progress , so that in two months it will be in a position to become a fully fledged member of the european union . lavoro
this particularly applies to roma in some parts of the country , particularly eastern slovakia , where there are hardly any jobs for them . lavoro
i do believe that what matters is not just price stability , zero deficits , and tax cuts , but that what matters most of all is that growth is achieved and new jobs created – more stable ones , too – and the need for social stability in these countries to be supported and encouraged . posti
the job of this coordinator will be to advise the promoters of the project with regard to funding and assessment and also to promote synchronised development on each side of the border in the case of trans-european projects , as well as to carry out the different administrative procedures accompanying this type of project . NULL
we are opposed to the idea of endless investments of community funds in asphalt being the best way of creating and maintaining jobs or of helping new member states along . posti
jobs are at stake , as is the transport of goods , and this is also of course about how this can be done without damaging the environment . posti
the three rapporteurs have done an excellent job of dealing with substantial legislative initiatives , and we are pleased with the progress that has been made . lavoro
they were challenged by some people who do not accept the fact that markets deliver jobs , deliver economic prosperity and therefore deliver the sort of social benefits that mr miller was advocating so eloquently earlier on . posti
since 1993 it has helped to create more than 2.5 million extra jobs and has added nearly eur 900 billion , cumulatively , to our collective prosperity . posti
a viable internal market is an excellent way of creating jobs and wealth . posti
more than 2.5 million jobs have been created since 1993 because of the internal market . posti
costs of baskets of services and goods include jobs , leaving more money in people 's pockets . posti
– mr president , i think mrs quisthoudt-rowohl and my colleague mrs mcnally have both done a very good job of explaining their divergent positions . rowohl
as soon as they lose their jobs as a result of an economic crisis , they are not suitably trained to be able to deal with care tasks effectively . posto
the distortion of competition brought about by the profusion of administrative burdens laid on european firms means that economic regions such as the us and china represent an economic threat to our jobs and prosperity . posti
that is incredibly important and , just as mr katiforis says , it provides the opportunity for economic growth , continued competition and more job opportunities in line with the lisbon process , which is proving far too slow . occupazione
it is the view of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party that the committee ’ s amendments do a good job of balancing the requirements of investor choice and investor protection , as well as creating rules for soundly operating financial markets within the eu . equilibrare
i think we in this house have done a good job , both in terms of its substance and of the time it has taken . lavoro
it is our job as parliamentarians to scrutinise proposed agreements and to hold the line in terms of civil liberties . dovere
even in member states that perhaps pride themselves on doing a good job of monitoring , we find , again and again , that they are not . vantano
of course it is important that we try to put in place rules and regulations with regard to competition and competitiveness to ensure that workers can have jobs , but as well as having jobs , they must be good jobs with real rewards and real protection . occupazione
nonetheless , i have to say that , in the last analysis , mr schnellhardt has done a very constructive and skilful job . lavoro
it has been something of a marathon and a lot of hard work , but he has done a very good job . lavoro
we have to stand firm on our views , give a clear message and not give in at this stage , for otherwise , alas , the council will make an even worse job of it .  
it is our job once again to attempt a real balancing act in reconciling as far as possible two opposing demands : the demand to limit the effects of transport , by those who mainly see an environmental cost in this and are therefore primarily concerned with the animals ’ health , and the demand to take financial costs into account as well , by those who want to keep transport costs down , but without ever neglecting the physical wellbeing of the livestock being transported . compito
the ‘ more and better jobs ’ element of the lisbon strategy requires the eu to draw up and establish stringent demands with regard to the quality of working conditions across eu territory , which entails improving the dignity of labour and the quality of life of our citizens . posti
our opposition to this process , which forms part of the lisbon strategy , revolves not solely around federalist issues relating to legislative harmonisation and to the effective loss of sovereignty over monitoring financial services markets and those operating in these markets , it is also based on economic considerations , given that the unchecked movement of capital and the speculative nature of a market focused on the short term and on accruing capital gains are responsible for increased volatility and for the likelihood of financial crises , which affect economic growth and jobs . occupazione
this applies not only to the workplace and job market but also to access to , and supply of , goods and services . lavoro
it makes no sense to export or import live animals for slaughter , when the meat or the carcass could be exported , which would ensure that much of the added value would stay in the region in which they were reared , thereby generating jobs and improving product quality . posti
king abdullah 's first reaction to a possible retreat of israel from the gaza was the fear that palestinians would be looking for jobs in jordan . lavoro
we should give some thought to whether we should not press on more with privatisation and support for businesses , offering financial assistance for jobs that are open to both albanians and serbs like in serbia under milosevic – similar to the ‘ oil for democracy ’ plan . posti
secondly , the united nations is doing a good job there , albeit hampered not least by excessive bureaucracy . operando
where the commission has done a good job , we should move ahead and see how far the existing institutions can do it for themselves . lavoro
it can hardly be the eu ’ s job to do this . spettare
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , let me start by expressing my special thanks to our rapporteur , mr manders , who , as we have seen him do so often in the past , has done an outstanding job of defending the environmental liability directive in the conciliation procedure , and so , this evening , let me thank him for that and also for the good personal cooperation . eccellente
making waste rock subject to a waste tax in finland could only cost the jobs of hundreds , if not thousands , of people . perdita
he has done a good job over a relatively short period of time . lavoro
we identified what needs to be done in practical terms to promote sustainable growth and more jobs . posti
the services sector has accounted for 70 % of job creation and growth over the past ten years . lavoro
creating more and better jobs is the most urgent issue to be addressed over the coming year . posti
my group welcomes the appointment of gijs de vries as anti-terrorism coordinator and demands that he be given a clear mandate to ensure he can get the job done . incarico
the taoiseach has certainly intensified the series of bilateral negotiations with other european union governments with regard to the provisions of a new eu treaty , but , as the taoiseach said himself in strasbourg in january , this is a job one cannot do on one 's own . lavoro
there remains , i must say , a deafening silence on our own inability to reduce the tide of regulation , which gravely damages our competitiveness and destroys jobs . posti
why cannot europe organise other successful projects with these values , which would really create hope , which would really create specific jobs , which would quite specifically promote the european lead in specific technologies of the future ? posti
i cannot deny that this may cause some problems , and i cannot deny that it requires quick decisions to ensure the effectiveness and continuity of the delicate job of the commission in these last months of its term . lavoro
although the new terrorism coordinator , mr de vries , is undoubtedly the right man for the job , he has an impossible task if national security services decline to cooperate . incarico
i wholeheartedly welcome the fact that all of the social partners will be involved in consultations on a social project that will lead to an increase in professional qualification and jobs , and will , in turn , lead to improved quality of work . posti
we see employment as the primary route out of poverty and out of social exclusion ; employment in well-paid jobs , enabling citizens to enjoy higher levels of prosperity throughout the union . posti
the european council recognised that delivering more and better jobs was the most urgent issue to be addressed . posti
i therefore suggest that it is the job of the new house and the new commission to make the present institutions work and to simplify their relationships with citizens . compito
women do not work ; only one in four women has a job and many semi- and unskilled rural women opt to stay at home given the lack of opportunities to work . impiego
the state and the authorities constantly try to harass the centres in their work on court cases , and doctors are threatened with losing their jobs at the public hospitals if they work for the centres . licenziare
our committee feels that this was not a good proposal , we had repeated visits from and consultation with the sector , particularly from italy and france , where leaders of the fisheries sector explained that the commission proposal would have destroyed their jobs and would have done little to save fish stocks . posti
the systems of social protection will have to be ‘ modernised ’ , the elderly will have to work , everyone will have to be at the mercy of employers on minimum terms , in insecure , part-time jobs . lavori
thus we shall acquire ‘ more and better jobs ’ ! posti
i do not actually need to remind you what this is about – the climate change problem , finite resources , the need to reduce our dependence on imports , the creation of jobs in this area . posti
it is of course a good thing that they will also enable us to create jobs in europe . posti
we are very competitive , a fact that has created thousands of jobs in europe . posti
i am not blaming the drivers , who do a quite outstanding job of work , but responsibility for this must surely rest with some official or other , some manager in the administration , who took 17 cars out of service for this week . incolpando
it would of course be good of you to inform those against whom the media are making what are really very nasty , dirty and unpleasant accusations , of what precisely they are being accused – that is , of whether they have been bad at their jobs or have broken the law . lavoro
in particular , i would like to thank mrs paciotti , who deputised for me for a time when i was absent owing to ill health , and did an outstanding job on my behalf . lavoro
mr president , commissioners , i should first like to mention the proposal on cooperation between consumer authorities , which is extremely welcome , and i think that the rapporteur has done an exceedingly good job . lavoro
it is a plea to this parliament and to the commission and everyone concerned that there should be sufficient funding to ensure that the food safety authority can do its job . compito
that is why i particularly regret that my fellow members in the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats rejected my proposed amendment to the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , in which i submitted that all directives on company law should include an obligation to inform and consult with the workers ' representatives whenever important decisions are to be taken which affect the continuing existence of companies and jobs . posti
personally , i do not see why they should be , because i believe the commission knows how to do its job , but if it would give those i have just named pleasure to be mentioned in a recital , then i do not really mind . compito
this shows that the same industrialists who do not care about the global environment also do not care about creating added value and jobs in europe . occupazione
i have seen a lot of rapporteurs and he really has done a very good job . lavoro
he has done a great job in keeping all sides of this house together . lavoro
they are therefore closely connected with the general objective of competitiveness , of more and better jobs and of social cohesion . occupazione
people are moving across borders to take up jobs , some people are retiring to other areas and an increasing number of people are working for periods in other member states . sposta
this shows that the commission did a good job and proposed schedules that were ambitious but realistic . lavoro
mr president , i should first like to thank mr sterckx , who has done a remarkable job as rapporteur , even if there might be doubts that this committee has got to the bottom of things . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , i should first like to thank mr sterckx , even if he is not here , for the remarkable job he has done . lavoro
there must be limits to how far we can increase road toll fees , because otherwise we will harm jobs and economic growth . occupazione
he has done an excellent job , and has , in particular , been able to strike a balance between the costs connected with safety measures and the major safety measures which must be taken in tunnels in the next few years . lavoro
mr president , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr wuermeling , for having done a fantastic job in turning a disastrous commission proposal into something that still has some problems but is considerably improved . lavoro
my job as rapporteur for this report , rather than as chairman , is to defend the position of the committee on budgets . compito
i would like to say what a great privilege and what a great job it has been . compito
yours has been an amicable and constructive approach to the job , with the result that the work of the committee has been harmonious and effective . compito
in order to find their way , the regions need to stop treading the traditional path and focus on the increased economic importance of new branches of industry , such as the eco-industries and cultural industries , which can provide new jobs and , at the same time , overcome geographical limitations . posti
i believe that rural areas must be active and appealing if they are to be capable of creating new jobs , more output and income opportunities . posti
it would be unacceptable to invest european resources if a one-sided aid regime meant that the only return was the relocation of existing jobs . posti
people will not understand or support a europe that rewards companies for shifting jobs from one region and then only providing the same number of jobs elsewhere because we are subsidising the relocation . posti
i believe the main point is that we must safeguard existing jobs and businesses and create new ones , and to this end we need , more than anything else , the small- and medium-sized enterprises . posti
i would also like to point out that at the moment the jobs of thousands of officials in the commission and other institutions are at stake , but this is also an opportunity to highlight the most significant events which have taken place in the field of financial management . posti
the cooperation has been excellent and the secretary-general , together with all his staff , has done a very good job of running the parliament over the last five years in the face of mounting challenges , not least of which is enlargement . lavoro
here i would like to pay tribute to commissioner schreyer and her colleagues who have done a great job over the last five years , again in the face of very difficult challenges . lavoro
there is also a merging of certain bodies and , furthermore , i believe that recently a certain well-known person has been appointed or selected , who is going to do an excellent job of his new responsibilities in relation to development , specifically on the portuguese side , as the former portuguese minister for the economy is well aware , and i hope that it will soon be a reality . lavoro
. first of all i should like to say that the commission wishes to express its deepest concern about the consequences which the factory closures announced by bombardier will have on job losses . posti
restructuring can have serious repercussions on the social fabric of any region , especially in those regions in which there is already little potential for job creation . posti
the document in question advocated an approach to corporate restructuring which balanced the interests of businesses facing changes with the interests of workers in danger of losing their jobs . lavoro
in portugal , 400 direct jobs will be lost , not counting the indirect jobs that depend on . di
the portuguese government has made every possible effort to keep this factory in the country and above all to ensure that jobs are not lost . posti
these measures must not only ensure that jobs are preserved in this sector but also prevent europe from becoming dependent on other countries . posti
we should make our economy more competitive because only if industries and businesses are competitive can we have better technology , produce all the products you mentioned previously ( whether technologically advanced or not ) and have more and better jobs in the european union . posti
i should like to point out to the house that significantly more jobs are being lost in four plants in the united kingdom as a result of this closure than anywhere else . posti
could the matter of safeguarding a person ’ s privacy become part of the job description of the european network and information security agency which is now being set up , so that the agency would follow developments in the area and afterwards say whether legislation is needed or not ? descrizione
. mr president , commissioner , speaking on behalf of the home affairs committee , i note with satisfaction that the court of auditors has been able to establish with the proper certainty that the accounts for the financial year ending on 31 december 2002 are reliable , with the end result that it has been confirmed that our three agencies in this area have done their work properly and done an outstanding job for the european union . contributo
this is why i believe that the policy guidelines must be targeted even more than before at stimulating economic growth by way of investment and job creation , thus bringing about a rise in productivity . posti
the reform of the policy on employment carried out last year aimed to address better the basic challenges of the job market in the european union , in order to respond to the lisbon objectives for 2010 . lavoro
the liberal recipe for enabling the eu member states to obtain growth and more jobs involves sound public finances , increased competition , completion of the internal market in all its aspects and structural reforms for the future . posti
our having a sound employment policy does not help much as long as those with education and qualifications are not given jobs . lavoro
that was a useful report , not only with regard to a simple category like job satisfaction . lavoro
– madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the european union , despite all its successes , lives with the worry of creating new jobs , because this is one of the fundamental rights of european citizens and is also the best precondition for growth and social cohesion between us . posti
also , as was briefly mentioned by the chair of our committee , the job shocks that our regions are now facing , such as the outsourcing and offshoring of work – issues that this house is at last taking seriously – will have to be incorporated into the lisbon goals . occupazionale
the employment rate at the moment is 64 % ; achieving 70 % by 2010 would entail creating 22 million jobs in the new 25-member european union . posti
the economic and financial situation in certain member states demands tough policies to curb public spending and , most of all , structural reforms as a precondition for economic growth and job creation . posti
it is on competitive businesses that growth depends , and without growth there are no jobs , and employment is the precondition for social cohesion . lavoro
after the phrase ' facilitating the access of unemployed young people to their first job ' , we would like to add ' and also the employment / continuance in employment of older people ' . impiego
with the agreement of all the political groups , i propose the following oral amendment : ‘ the general guidelines 2003-2005 remain valid but must be focused even more on boosting economic growth resulting in job creation and productivity growth ’ . posti
finally , as the rapporteur , mr jarzembowski , admitted , the market-opening of rail freight services will lead to increased competition , which may mean a reduction in the number of jobs . addetti
. – the purpose of the europass is not to serve the workers , but to make it easier for employers to compare job applicants and select those who , with the lowest demands , will ' yield ' fastest , whatever their country of origin . lavoro
these companies , covering a broad spectrum of business areas , are thus vitally important for job creation and local / regional development , but they encounter certain difficulties , such as access to finance , which require an urgent solution . posti
the growth and employment initiative ( 1998-2000 ) , despite its shortage of funds and much publicity , had the objective of promoting job creation through support for smes . posti
the programmes aimed at smes need an injection of funds but also a change in objectives : they must promote job creation ; support the formation of associations ; support research and training ; provide guarantees for all the critical phases in the life of a start-up company ; improve the geographical spread of support ( broadly concentrated in the countries in the centre of the european union ) ; and support not just high-technology companies but also traditional and craft enterprises . posti
in this economic system , production and employment are the monopolies of a minority of capital holders who would have to be compelled to create jobs , but neither the member states nor the european institutions are considering any such compulsion , any more than they are doing so where public services are concerned . occupazione
. whilst it is said that employment is one of europe ’ s ambitions , the primacy of monetary policies , and in particular the stability pact , prevents us , regrettably , from prioritising jobs . lavoro
where , indeed , are the practical measures to achieve full employment , to improve job quality and productivity and to enhance social cohesion and integration ? lavoro
. the recent commission report presented to the brussels european council , concerning the state of implementation of the lisbon strategy , reveals alarming delays and gaps , both in terms of the transposition of the in question , and of raising awareness among member states of the need to meet the ambitious targets that have been set , especially on the theme of ‘ more and better jobs ’ . posti
priority must be given to helping young people enter the labour market and get their first job ; to penalising fraud arising from the phenomenon of relocation ; to preparing for technological and economic change , by exploiting new areas of work in the field of information technology ; to taking practical steps to promote and encourage vocational training courses – including lifelong learning , by simplifying the procedures for access to funding ; and to improving ways of disseminating best practice . lavoro
whether the member states choose to support employers through inflation , that is to say by lowering purchasing power , or through budgetary austerity , that is to say by cutting back on public services , shedding jobs and freezing salaries , or through a combination of the two , it will in any case be the working classes that will pay . posti
the right approach would be a policy of economic regeneration , committed to reinvigorating production and labour , with the aim of promoting economic growth , jobs and social and economic cohesion . occupazione
jobs must also be created , jobs with a reasonable wage , in order to deal with the problem of corruption . NULL
for the first time in ten years , as the document sets out in detail , we have shed two hundred thousand more jobs than we have created in the eurozone , whereas the declared objective had been to achieve full employment by 2010 . posti
when we are preparing the reunited , revitalised european constitution , please bear in mind the words of the hungarian poet , attila józsef : ‘ our job is to finally sort out our mutual business , and it is not a small job . ’ compito
our priorities in this enlarged europe must be to have more and better jobs : not to talk , but to . posti
the aspect of the european project that gives me most hope is that it unites in one body some 200 million european workers , both those in jobs and those currently unemployed . occupati
it has as its reference point the strategic objective of lisbon , according to which europe needs to seek to become the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
thus , it is clear that securing more and better jobs or promoting social cohesion are elements which can support competitiveness and improve economic performance . posti
it has enacted one directive after another , opening up postal services , energy and air and rail transport to competition , while refusing to carry out any sort of serious review of how this might affect jobs , the environment and prices . occupazione
at the barcelona european council , the heads of state or government decided by common agreement to defer the retirement age , but there is , all the same , an unsustainable contradiction between trumpeting the priority to be given to jobs and speeding up the introduction of more flexible working practices , cutting wage costs while allowing gigantic industrial mergers and restructuring to go ahead . occupazione
the struggle for jobs and against social exclusion , for better purchasing power and working conditions , to maintain and extend the rights of businesses ’ workers , must become the european union ’ s first practical priority , although defence and the improvement of public services must not be forgotten . occupazione
there are fears about the possible movement of capital towards the new member states , to be followed by a possible transfer of jobs in an eastward direction . posti
as far as i know , up to now only austria has reacted appropriately to the possible flight of jobs , by planning to lower its corporate tax level . posti
we must commit to the economic development of all of europe through the development of small and medium-sized enterprises and job creation . posti
priority must be given to the allocation of funds from the structural funds and the cohesion fund to investments creating new jobs , and to investment in education , science and new technologies . posti
what they ask of us is a social europe , an economic and social model to be the continuing backbone of our european union , and jobs for all . posti
i will end , today in particular , at the end of this parliamentary term , by expressing a concern : the diffusion , precisely with regard to this issue , of a lack of rules , of the insecurity of young peoples ’ jobs . lavoro
the scourge of unemployment and job instability within the european union still defies the many action plans and initiatives for economic and social reforms launched in the past . posti
there is no social stability and no real prosperity where there is unemployment , where there are imminent threats to existing jobs and competitiveness is gradually eroded due to macro-economic policies , fiscal measures and constraints that are not adapted to the existing situation on the ground . posti
each has its own specificities and each is in need of its own tailor-made action plan to help attract investment , create jobs , maintain its competitive edge and attract new growth sectors , while ensuring social stability and sustainable growth levels . posti
coming as i do from the smallest member state , which is an island state , i am very conscious that eu-wide economic and social policies applied indiscriminately on a ' one-size-fits-all ' basis do not invariably bring about the desired results either in job creation or in a better quality of life for our citizens . occupazione
only in this way can we really hope to see further job creation , better quality of life , more prosperity , better social cohesion and more stability within the future enlarged european union . posti
emphasis must be placed , however , on managing the disadvantages of globalisation , increasing the number of jobs , and enabling the accession countries to catch up , with retention of the main elements of the social model . posti
according to this strategy , a strong economy will stimulate the creation of jobs and will encourage social and environmental policies ensuring sustainable development and social cohesion , which boils down to something that is not the work of a genius and is almost a truism , and , for students of economics and all the acolytes of the social market economy , a post-war concept . posti
we have a big job ahead of us . lavoro
there are others ; there are , for example , too few jobs . posti
i warn against competing only among ourselves , with the lowest possible tax rates , in order to push each other out of the market , and then , as a matter of policy , relocating jobs from one part of the continent to others . posti
instead , we want to join together in creating jobs in this continent of ours . occupazione
this tends to be a job that no one wants to take on , precisely because for many long years it only causes headaches and brings no benefits ; nonetheless , we really have laid the foundations for zero tolerance . lavoro
since europe is shaped by small and family-run businesses , in which two-thirds of employees work and by which 80 % of taxes are paid , i would be interested to know what the commission plans to do , in order to implement basel ii as smoothly and as well as possible , so that our companies will have a chance , in the future , to ensure wealth and job security . occupazionale
this is the commission ’ s job : to establish a firm bond between the various countries , with the national governments seeing the commissioners as a kind of lifeblood helping the country to develop . funzione
the president of the commission above all needs to have the stamina to do this job ; everything else will depend on the decisions that the members of the european council make . lavoro
we need to focus on the key concerns of the citizen : jobs , social and environmental protection , peace and security . occupazione
lastly , as i said at the outset to you , president borrell , you have a difficult job - a very demanding task - both within parliament and internationally . compito
we are also grateful , though , that you have again nominated javier solana , who , in both political and human terms , has done a tremendous job in recent years , as high representative and then as the first foreign minister of the european union . lavoro
i am sure his experience will help there in the future , because the lisbon agenda is all about delivering growth and jobs for europe , and the minister knows about delivering those two things . occupazione
ireland , with healthy economic growth , continues to demonstrate how to gain maximum benefit from eu membership , while scotland lags behind in terms of job opportunities and is suffering a decline in population . occupazionali
we have made these decisions very seriously , and it is our job to find the resources in the community budget to achieve them , because they are tasks that have been entrusted to us by the european council . compito
let me also say that the dutch delegation in our group , led by our new member camiel eurlings , does an excellent job of work , and they will generate the support your presidency will need from our group ; it goes without saying that you will have it . camiel
we very much welcome that , but fighting terrorism also involves the eu institutions established for that purpose being capable of doing their job . lavoro
but in reality this is your job , mr president-in-office . compito
while a few years ago , enormous efforts were being made to combat unemployment by reducing working hours and introducing job sharing , there is now all of a sudden talk of extending the working hours and you mention shorter holidays . posti
whereas we used to concern ourselves with job quality , care for the workplace , the prevention of illnesses and accidents at the workplace with a european-wide regulation , you now talk about deregulation . posti
in our opinion , you are turning back the clock and refusing to create jobs that require brains and to commit to quality , research , education and high-quality public services . posti
we are faced with 9 % unemployment in europe and with unemployment among young people , some of whom will never get a job . lavoro
without going into detail , since time does not allow it , i would like to say that the socialist group believes that the priorities within these new perspectives are , in short , cohesion between the different regions , which has become even more important with our recent enlargement , and the disparities in income it has brought ; job creation and , finally , development aid for third countries , the current category 4 , the category which has grown least since 1999 , the year when the current financial perspectives began , despite the many new obligations posti
– mr president , if lisbon taught us anything , it was that strengthening the competitiveness of the european economy , of companies , does not suffice for us to have jobs and social cohesion and to protect the environment . posti
in other words , the netherlands presidency implies , in a way , that liberalising the market will automatically create jobs . posti
may i remind you of mr kok ’ s report , the first kok report of the employment task force , the ‘ jobs , jobs , jobs ’ report . lavoro
i am looking forward to a good debate with you about this very important subject , because we can talk about a treaty , we can talk about the citizen , but it is in the interest of this citizen that there are more jobs in europe , that there are opportunities for our children and grandchildren and that , in 30 or 40 years , europe will still be in a strong position , on the global stage as well . posti
it is generally said that this treaty will give the house new rights ; on closer examination , it appears that this house gains a role for itself only when it can rely on an absolute majority of its members in doing its job . lavoro
mr barroso , we are concerned here with more and better jobs and with european cooperation that strengthens the social security that people feel is under threat . posti
in an international context , we are concerned with cooperation that combines economic efficiency with social security and more jobs . occupazione
– madam president , ladies and gentlemen , as a non-attached mep from a small member state like austria , one cannot avoid a feeling of total powerlessness when this house takes important decisions about who is to do what job , and of having absolutely no influence over them . accorgermi
your compatriot , mr vitorino , did a great job and , on the whole , struck the right balance between freedom and security . lavoro
we hope that policies that threaten job security and thus the individual ’ s livelihood will be scrapped . si
we appreciated what you said in your address yesterday about unemployment and job creation , about combating inequality and about security . posti
i note with pride that women are performing important jobs in a responsible manner and are bringing to life an inter-generational network of solidarity . funzioni
we are lagging behind in terms of growth , and if there is no growth , then there are also insufficient jobs . occupazione
since 1993 , thanks to the liberalisation of the internal market , we have created more than 2.5 million jobs and more than eur 800 billion in extra reserves for the people of europe . posti
the issue of new and better jobs is fundamental for the whole of europe and particularly for the new member states . posti
for that reason , the job of communication will be a vital one , but i think that this task is one that requires us to have the political courage to combat the apathy that i mentioned to mrs bonino and other members of this house . NULL
i hope that we will try to make growth and job creation our priorities , because those are the factors that can genuinely guarantee the social agenda . occupazione
but we can only create jobs if we have economic growth , that is the issue , and we therefore need to step up europe 's productivity and competitiveness in order to create jobs , because that is what our fellow citizens are most concerned about . occupazione
quite apart from its relevance for the whole of europe , the mediterranean forest is essential to the regional and local economy , to job creation , to the safeguarding of a territory and to the quality of life . occupazione
it is the job , moreover , of us politicians to solve complex and difficult problems . compito
in essence , it is about us maintaining jobs in the european union and creating new ones , and the european union must not , through its own legislation , contribute to the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs , for example as a result of chemicals policy . posti
undermining democracy in order , allegedly , to make a better job of combating terrorism is not the right way to go about matters . efficacemente
in the past , interpreters have never been recruited at a8 level owing to the demanding nature of their job . lavoro
so i wish you well in coping with your difficult job and i also wish you strength in succeeding in it . lavoro
prove that you are worthy of this historically very important job and that you are president for all of us . incarico
this is not to say that we should not react to violations of human rights wherever they may occur in the world , but that is not parliament ’ s job . compito
it is not parliament ’ s job . compito
belarussians travel by car to poland , that is , to the european union , in order to find jobs and return to belarus . posti
the further advantages of concluding the agreement , such as creating jobs on fishing vessels , in ports , auctions , processing factories , shipyards and service industries both in the eu and in mauritius itself , strike me as similarly beneficial . posti
this agreement is equally crucial to the malagasy economy , providing an important source of currency and creating jobs for local seamen , as well as in the processing industry and surveillance activities . posti
europe – and the council in particular – will do nothing to make these four european citizens stop being considered just italians or just french ; stop being just journalists , doing a job assigned to those who feel they have a duty to report the truth ; stop being just international aid workers , doing a job assigned to those who feel they have a duty to work for the common good ; and start being adopted simply as children of europe . incarico
finally , within the framework of the stability and growth pact , budgetary policies need to set the right priorities for structural reforms , innovation and competitiveness in support of the lisbon agenda to promote economic growth and create jobs . posti
europe needs to increase its growth potential and create more jobs and we cannot work solely on the basis of one instrument – the stability and growth pact – in order to coordinate our economic policies . posti
we have also seen the success of the internal market in terms of net job creation . occupazione
the only message we are sending out about ourselves is that it is not those who prosper , make a profit and create jobs who are held up as an example in the european union , but those who live on credit and put off finding a solution to their countries ’ economic problems . occupazione
in my opinion , the commission must instead bring greater pressure to bear on the prosperity of individual countries , as well as calling for budgetary restraint , the reduction of debts and the creation of new jobs in these countries , and , above all , ensuring that the rules which the european union has laid down for itself are complied with . posti
neither prosperity , nor more jobs , nor a greater competitiveness of the european union in the global economy can be achieved by a relaxation of stability and growth . della
thus the pact 's main priority ought to be to stimulate economic dynamism , creativity and a growth in new quality jobs , so that even my sceptically minded colleagues from britain would not doubt the substantiation of financial and economic stability . posti
if this house , and the committee i chair , can contribute to this , i think we will have done a good job of work together . lavoro
in order to safeguard economic and social development , it should be replaced by a pact that genuinely helps to create jobs and to foster social progress , a pact that prioritises social economic cohesion , jobs and social inclusion . posti
however , whilst in the past i was a fervent advocate of a much stronger role of the commission in enforcing the pact , the new commissioner will have a job persuading me that the pact is in good hands with him . convincermi
this proposal therefore places greater importance on economic developments and makes strenuous efforts to avoid the risks to which dogmatism is in danger of exposing business and jobs . occupazione
a threat to three million jobs in the textile industry and women ’ s unemployment are at stake , which means a threat to employment stability as of january of next year . sono
mr president , a few days ago the committee on constitutional affairs discussed the allocation of large amounts of eu money to institutions whose job it is to inform the european public about the constitutional treaty . preposte
in the committee we are told that it is our job to ' sell the treaty ' , that we should restrict the debate in our home countries , that referendums should be scheduled to maximise the ' yes ' vote . lavoro
without wanting to go into detail , i would say that it is important that we enable this europe of ours to compete rather than pursuing a policy that will end up with a de-industrialised europe and the loss of jobs . occupazione
we need a sensible balance between ecology and economics , and the best social policy is about creating jobs and keeping the ones we have . posti
one of the proclaimed ambitions , i would point out , was to achieve full employment , whereas the figures of the commission itself now indicate that , for the first time in ten years , we are destroying more jobs than we are creating . posti
i would like to find out from the president of the commission how he himself deals with this , and whether he has any recommendations to make to his successor as to how to make a better job of it . lavoro
with regard to the economic element , mr president , i believe that our good friend the minister for finance is doing an admirable job . lavoro
we want to see that money used to lay the foundations for an economy in the palestinian territories that can provide jobs , revenues and at least a modicum of economic growth so that people can live a better life with greater dignity , have a better chance of a job , and so on . posti
we have been in close touch with it and with the special representative , who has done such an excellent job . lavoro
turning reform commitments into realities on the ground is , of course , the hardest job , particularly for a country such as georgia whose state institutions have been so hollowed out , so weakened over recent years . compito
special envoy heikki talvitie has done a good job there , but the caucasus region shows all the symptoms of deepening and continuing conflicts : ethnic , economic , religious , military and political . lavoro
it is customary to say that no one is indispensable , but when someone is right for the job , they are missed when they are no longer there . incarico
most of all this must be carried out in strict coordination with the world trade organisation , in order to avoid going behind the backs of the countries involved and to avoid performing the job of regulation within the commission itself , as has happened in the past , when it is a matter that should instead remain within the strict competence of the wto and of the entire international community . lavoro
it must be pointed out that wada is doing an honourable job . lavoro
it is perfectly clear , mrs reding , that you have done an excellent job of finally establishing a genuine fight against drug use , at european level and at world level . lavoro
the report thus makes the ecb ’ s policies more accessible to the readers , that is , the public , so we see the ecb as having done a good job of work with the whole thing . lavoro
we know that interest rate policy is a balancing act , but , as whole , 2003 saw the ecb continuing to do a good job of keeping things on an even keel ; the economy is growing , the euro is stable , and interest rates are low in real terms . equilibrismo
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start by warmly congratulating mr trichet on the way in which he has done a good job of continuing the work of his predecessor mr wim duisenberg . positivamente
it is cynical to describe the european central bank as having pursued the goal of full employment when millions of women and men have lost their jobs in recent years – not a few of them because the high cost of borrowing has bled small businesses dry . lavoro
we shall also soon learn how mr kok proposes to revise the lisbon strategy to put more weight on higher growth and better job creation . posti
in order to save eur 500 million , the american general motors group is seeking to cut up to 12 000 jobs in the eu . posti
if it is now being manoeuvred into a crisis , the only thing i want to point out is that in germany , since 1990 , a hundred thousand new jobs have been created in this sector – or has germany failed as an industrial location ? posti
at opel , in rüsselsheim , 4 500 jobs are to be cut back . posti
in my experience , workers are always willing to accept austerity measures if these keep their jobs safe in the long term . lavoro
my previous job was in a car factory , so this debate is that much more relevant to myself . lavoravo
secondly , it is one of the mainstays of european industry , generating two million jobs directly and over eight million jobs indirectly , as well as accounting for 24 % of research and development . posti
those within the commission who support an unbridled liberalism should therefore be made to see sense , and our industry must be able to pursue its efforts to modernise and to improve competitiveness without others gaining from the fruits of its labours , in so doing jeopardising jobs in european industry . occupazione
it put a stop to development and led not to jobs being saved , but to capital being wasted . posti
mr president , i would like to begin by expressing our firm commitment and solidarity to the workers of general motors and subsidiary companies who today fear for their jobs , the future of their families and the future of their regions . lavoro
that is what is urgently needed if we are not to be helpless spectators while jobs in european industry are wiped out . posti
there is just one more thing i would like to say , and that is that what the outgoing commission , as regards jobs in the motor industry , has covered itself with is not just glory . occupazione
we are appalled by the restructuring just announced by gm europe aimed at cutting 12 000 jobs in the short term in all of its european factories and at reducing structural costs by around usd 600 million per year . posti
that would improve the european union ’ s balance of payments both by increasing the number of jobs in rural areas , by accelerating the development of the much-feted multifunctional agriculture and also by raising profitability in agriculture , making it independent of the suffocating support system of subsidies . posti
these are two strategic sectors in terms of maintaining jobs and of the union ’ s food supply . occupazione
in this directive , the interests of the oil industry have prevailed to a large extent , while the goals of the kyoto protocol , more secure income for our rural areas and an opportunity to create more jobs , including in the outermost regions , have lost out . occupazionali
i will not hesitate to demand the resignation of any member of the commission who is manifestly not up to the job or who fails in the duties imposed upon him or her by the treaty . compito
i am convinced that we can do our job in the service of europe and its citizens , under the political monitoring of this parliament . lavoro
let us devote our energies to promoting growth , jobs , harmonisation and the lisbon strategy , to strengthening a dynamic knowledge-based economy and to promoting greater cohesion in our enlarged europe . occupazione
to the conservatives , those of you who argue against accession negotiations with turkey on the basis of human rights concerns , i say this : how can you support a man for this job who declares entire groups of people to be sinful and bad ? compito
our job is to examine your commissioners and give them a vote of confidence . compito
we have done our job carefully and expressed criticisms about five commissioners . lavoro
others have convinced us of nothing else but the fact that they were the wrong people for the wrong job at the wrong time . posto
mr president of the commission , or rather mr president-designate of the commission , you are implying , by the measures you have announced , that you do not have the right man for the job on your team . compito
– madam president , ladies and gentlemen , mr barroso , i am a journalist who has been prevented from continuing to do his job . lavoro
i have strong reservations in relation to up to five of the commissioners , but based on his curriculum vitae and experience , mr buttiglione has the ability and aptitude for the job of commissioner . carica
could it be , mr barroso , that he is the right man in the wrong job ? posto
it is our job to judge the knowledge that these people have of their subject and not their personal religious beliefs . compito
the ecb has done a very good job : it has maintained price stability and always safeguarded its independence . lavoro
mr mulder – rapporteur for the 2004 budget – did a brilliant budgetary job . lavoro
firstly , the lisbon strategy and its job creation and growth policies , because they are included in practically all the political programmes on the basis of which the honourable members stood for election . posti
at a time of difficult and weak economic growth in the european union , it would be suicidal not to strengthen those policies which are aimed precisely at growth , development and job creation . occupazione
making such a good job of it without preparation is remarkable in itself , and so every respect to her . lavoro
the structural funds are an important instrument for job creation , and so it was right of the committee to endorse the sum of eur 3.8 billion in payment appropriations . posti
mr president , commissioner schreyer has done a good job , and she well deserves the respect of this house . lavoro
these priorities include those mentioned many times in today ’ s debate , such as the lisbon strategy , information policy , development aid for rural areas , which does not necessarily mean the creation of jobs in agriculture , and the fight against terrorism . posti
we have done a good job in the committee on budgets , one that ought to be supported further . lavoro
some agencies are crucial to our citizens , and we are not providing them with sufficient funding to do the job we expect from them . lavoro
there is no doubt that europe needs dynamic and sustainable growth in order to create more jobs and thus securely underpin our social model . posti
we have always talked of growth and competitiveness ; we could also talk about prosperity for more people and greater opportunities for good jobs . posti
we then made the mistake of confusing the long-standing pursuit of a social europe with the quest for as many jobs in the commercial sector as possible . posti
for example , enormous amounts of money have been put into university-level students but no money into early intervention for children experiencing learning difficulties , to give them hope of reaching college or getting a job and not having a life of dependency . lavoro
this will be the job of commissioner wallström , who will have a key role in explaining how europe takes its decisions and why europe makes these decisions . ruolo
the lisbon agenda must , therefore , be reviewed , so that its content can be amended and so that jobs , and the social inclusion that is needed , can be given priority . occupazione
the health of the european economy is a matter of deep concern to millions of our citizens who remain without a job . lavoro
that is social policy as a productive factor , contributing to competitiveness , contributing to quality at work , quality jobs , and maintaining people 's active involvement in the labour market . posti
in that respect , it is necessary for us to consider the implications of outsourcing european jobs to india , something that the present report rather overlooks .  
nevertheless , these women have undeniably made a significant contribution to society throughout their lives by raising their children and doing jobs that are menial , badly paid and , usually , undeclared . allevando
mr president , although official figures by gender are hard to come by , subject to severe delays or non-existent , as regards the 70 million people at risk from relative poverty in the european union of the 25 , we all know that poverty and social exclusion affect women in particular , whether it be because they are old and receive the lowest pensions , because they are young or middle-aged and unemployed or have an unstable job that affords them no rights or is badly paid , because they are immigrants or because they are single mothers . lavoro
to mark this , i would ask mep colleagues to follow up in their own countries the question of job discrimination against diabetics . professionale
the proposal before us is an excellent one , and mr wiersma has done a magnificent job . lavoro
the independent external evaluation of the reconstruction agency has concluded that the agency has done an excellent job in fulfilling its original mandate . eccellente
i would like to underline once again the very important job which the agency has done . lavoro
the agency did the job extremely well and i want to pay tribute again to all those who have been responsible for that . compito
however , these shortcomings should not cloud the fact that an impressive job has been done on the ground by the agency 's staff . lavoro
they are doing a good job and need to know that they can sign contracts for buildings and pay salaries for next year . bene
. – mr president , first i should like to thank the two rapporteurs , mr samuelsen and mrs rothe , for the very responsible job which they have done in their reports . lavoro
this money needs to be given to the turkish cypriot community , because it will help turkish cypriot citizens and the turkish cypriot community , it will contribute to economic development , to the incorporation of the , to the configuration of the necessary infrastructures and to the creation of jobs . posti
i think that one of the reasons for the commissioner ’ s popularity in this house is that he has given the eu ’ s balkans policy a face and a voice , and has done a sterling job of it . lavorato
of course individual scientists will question the whole thing – that is their job ! lavoro
the president-designate , mr barroso , has already indicated that the commission 's key priority will be to promote a competitive europe through more growth and jobs and that it will remain fully committed to the implementation of the lisbon strategy in all its components . posti
all too often in this house the lisbon agenda is limited to the issue of competitiveness , and we omit all the other facets concerning more and better quality jobs , social cohesion and sustainable development , which went on to be developed more fully at gothenburg . posti
the message that now goes out from the council meeting in brussels and also from the conferences held under the presidency of the netherlands is that the creation of more meaningful jobs that actually pay a living wage , the strengthening of social cohesion , and the rational use of the natural world , now take second place to the competitiveness of conglomerates and to the eu ’ s ability to compete as a global player . posti
we want growth and jobs to be a priority , and i believe that this also involves better links between all european policy instruments , or in other words a reform of the stability and growth pact to ensure that it has tighter links with the broad outlines of economic policy , the new financial perspective and , indeed , the revised lisbon objectives . posti
the internal market has helped to create 2.5 million jobs in europe over the last 10 years alone . posti
more than a thousand pages of evidence are now undergoing forensic investigation and we , a handful of meps , will finish the job that the nominating governments should have done in the first place . lavoro
it includes all the policies which directly concern citizens : unemployment , poverty , job insecurity , the standard of education , health and social protection . lavoro
this is also important in order to achieve progress on the fundamental european pact for youth , the lodestones of which are education , training , jobs and research . lavoro
the holistic approach suggesting a direct correlation between the question of job creation , the need to increase employment and developments in the macroeconomic environment is especially valuable . posti
it must be emphasised that the assumption that reforming the stability pact and slackening economic discipline would in themselves create jobs through additional expenditure is something of an oversimplification of economic logic . posti
if one strips away the strategy ’ s commendable goals , which include jobs , training and economic growth , and the way in which these goals have supposedly been achieved , namely by means of coordination , one is left with an instrument whose real purpose is to bring about a greater level of harmonisation of national economic and social policies . posti
we must create the conditions for growth and jobs , sharing prosperity and opportunity across the whole union . occupazione
so let us now get on with our job ! lavoro
our parliament is asked to do the work of scrutinising the commission , but given only the rudest tools for the job . compito
mr schulz has already gone into detail about it : at these elections , we have seen how many citizens – by no means all of whom voted for us , although most did – are affected by a high level of unemployment and by the renewed increase in poverty on this continent ; this means that there is an obligation on this commission to do everything possible to create more jobs and also put social security systems on a sustainable footing . posti
yet a parliamentary committee would not guarantee new jobs , it would merely take more money out of taxpayers ’ pockets . posti
there is only one way in which economic productivity can be increased and jobs created , and i am sure you are well aware of what this is : businesses must be persuaded that the european union is the right place to be if they are to flourish . occupazione
for ourselves in the pse group and for the party of which i am chairman , it is now very important for you to confirm that your highest priority – as you expressed it within the confines of the european union – is jobs , jobs and more jobs . posti
genuine answers can only be given to those questions if the european union can present a comprehensive strategy that provides jobs , jobs and more jobs . posti
if we are to deal with globalisation in a pro-active , rather than defensive , way and if we are to offer a pro-active response during the forthcoming trade negotiations with the united states , china , india and all the developing countries , we must be able to create jobs , jobs and more jobs in europe . posti
we shall vote against – not because we know mr durão barroso and his disastrous policies in portugal , but because we are fighting for fresh policies to establish jobs with rights , high-quality public services and major commitments towards peace , by which we mean peace throughout the world , including iraq . posti
i believe , madam president , that , as mr durão barroso has said , what the commission has to do now is to get to work on the internal dimension of the project , the internal market and economic and monetary union – in accordance with the direction and the commitments of the lisbon process , with a view to achieving sustained growth and job creation – and on its external action , madam president , exporting our system of values , making our contribution to the peace process in the middle east and restoring relations with the united posti
mr barroso , we wish you broad support for your new commission and every success in your difficult job . lavoro
i shall stress two of them : the first concerns the guidelines for social policy that – to say nothing else – are well short of europe ’ s needs for jobs , welfare and rights in the perspective of lisbon . lavoro
we will take you at your word ; you undertook to get rid of members of your commission who turned out not to be up to the job for some reason or another , and that is a promise you must keep if you are not to fail in the same way as mr santer did . funzioni
what this means is that cooperation between our two institutions is of crucial importance to europe ’ s future , and we should stop sniping at each other and get on with the job . lavorare
perhaps , mr barroso , it is a case of the right woman in the wrong job this time round , but i wish her well . posto
you will be aware of what these expectations are : more growth , more jobs and a strengthening of the european model , which combines reforms and economic dynamism with solidarity and social cohesion . posti
we want a new framework agreement because without the ability to scrutinise your commission effectively , we cannot do our job properly . lavoro
i am mindful that audits are not very popular in the european commission and that auditors – if they do their job properly – get fired , but nonetheless here goes : compito
it is time to stop the political games and get on with the real agenda of making the lisbon strategy work , of ensuring that the people of europe have better access to better-quality jobs and better-quality opportunities and of promoting europe 's role on the wider stage . posti
it is now clear that all commissioners are on probation and we should be paying particular attention to neelie kroes in her role as competition commissioner , as her previous job as a lobbyist could well bring about a conflict of interest . lobbista
although the most inappropriate of the original commissioners-designate has , thanks to parliament ’ s intervention , been prevented from taking up his post in the college of commissioners , i feel that this is a commission with an excessively neoliberal bias , under a leadership that could do a good job provided it does not backslide on the democratic principles and objectives of european integration . recede
i hope that future commissioners nominated by the member states will , without exception , be qualified for the job , with it then being left to the president of the commission to make his own choice from among a number of talented actors . compito
in order to continue to see itself as a project for peace , europe must grow economically , must be capable of creating more jobs , must foster sustainable development , must show signs within itself of greater social and territorial cohesion and must play a more prominent role on the international stage and in the fight against terrorism . posti
we have elected this commission , and we will back it up in order that it can get on with its job . lavoro
it is the job of politicians to create the conditions that enable as many men and women as possible to make this decision freely for themselves . spetta
it should be noted that it is not , of course , the court of auditors ’ job to try to discover fraud and other crimes . compito
instead of listening to her and acting on her advice , the commission briefed against her , suspended her from her job and then , two weeks before the old commission retired , fired her . incarico
so far , less than a handful of the commission 's 265 most senior jobs are occupied by officials from the new member states . incarichi
mr president , i should like to start by congratulating my fellow countryman , mr eurlings , who had the onerous task of acting as rapporteur on this very complex issue , and i think he has done an excellent job of it so far . lavoro
– mr president , i wish to thank the rapporteur , mr eurlings , for the very difficult job which he has completed so efficiently . lavoro
mr president , i should like to start by complimenting the commission on a wise , far-sighted and balanced report , and i should also like to say to the dutch presidency that , in my view , they have made a good job of tackling an extremely difficult matter . lavoro
it will thus make it easier for citizens to find a job or move more easily from one country to another for studies or work . lavoro
we are halfway through the period by the end of which we are aiming to be the most competitive and most dynamic knowledge-based economy capable of sustainable economic growth , with more and better jobs . posti
we need a strong , stable and dynamic economy to generate more jobs and more opportunity . posti
our main concern must be to maintain and create jobs , and we can do that only if we make europe more competitive . posti
i believe that growth , the encouragement of small and medium-sized enterprises and consequently job growth , research and development are fundamental goals of europe that promote the welfare of european citizens . occupazione
an essential ingredient in competitiveness is our need to create conditions that spawn new companies in europe , which in turn generate new jobs . posti
whether that actually is the case , i do not propose to consider , but people feel that social rights are being reduced , that social options are being cut back , and that there are also not enough jobs for people to earn enough money and amass sufficient financial resources to keep themselves and their families . posti
in order for this to be achieved , complex programmes are needed that help those who fall outside our field of vision ( as well as those who will not make it to the job market ) and that are able to rehabilitate human resources and its environment at the same time . lavoro
we need complex programmes that will make job market opportunities equal between the existing and the new member states . lavorativo
the citizens of europe expect specific policies which will create new jobs and really improve their standard of living . posti
mr schulz talked earlier of workers ' rights , and of course these are important , but we must also pay attention to non-workers ' rights , the rights of those who are willing and eager to work but have no job . occupazione
we all know that without any growth , there are no jobs , and without any jobs , there is no basis for social security , which we are all very keen to see protected . occupazione
without growth , without job creation and without greater dynamism in our economy , we shall be unable to maintain the high levels of social protection and the exacting environmental standards that we regard as part of what is normally called the european model . posti
after all , we are still being put through our paces on that score , and i think that the council has done a reasonably good job . lavoro
this sector has already shed more than 1 million jobs in the last ten years . posti
it is crucial not only that we announce possible measures to prevent companies from closing and millions of workers from losing their jobs , and to dispel the threat of poverty and social exclusion that hangs over large areas in which these companies are heavily concentrated , as is the case in portugal ; it is also crucial that such measures be implemented . lavoro
the question remains : is gijs de vries to keep coasting along , or will you allow him to do his job properly ? lavoro
in that respect , minister donner , who is so often under fire in the netherlands , has , together with his colleagues , done an excellent job . lavoro
i have here the final draft of the conclusions and i must say that you have done a very good job . lavoro
– mr president , i do not intend to take your job from you or to give you advice . mestiere
a member of the european parliament ’ s job and duty is to work in the common interests of european democracy , truth and development . compito
a final word on the amendments tabled : we did a good job , in my opinion , in the committee on foreign affairs , which enabled the report to be adopted by a very large majority . lavoro
we should do all we can to strengthen the position of higher education in romania , to help the country offer jobs , training and workshops to young people . posti
amendment no 25 does the necessary job of bringing paragraph 1 of the report back into line with reality . funzione
i note that , at the present time , the austrian government , in particular , is doing a good job and is exercising good supervision . bene
the european union destroys jobs – as tony blair said in his 1983 election address . posti
. – mr president , i should like to address a special welcome to the commissioner on the occasion of his first speech and to offer him our best wishes for the extremely important and difficult job that he has to do . lavoro
mr corbett and mr méndez de vigo have done an excellent job in their clear and straightforward explanation and advocacy of its merits . lavoro
the green paper inclines towards the possibility – just a possibility , but one which we intend to comment on – of making the admission of an immigrant conditional on a job vacancy which it has not otherwise been possible to fill with european union workers , or on a member state ’ s specific needs in particular employment sectors . immigrato
precisely to avoid the indiscriminate and unbalanced application of this principle , we believe that we need to explore , with the help of civil society , trade unions and businesses , what job opportunities exist for which there is no direct issue of taking work away from the citizens of our countries . occupazionali
sustained efforts are needed to help upgrade the skill levels of workers , improve the quality of their jobs and empower social partners at all levels to address the many challenges in the sector . impiego
there is no evidence whatsoever that either of those things will happen , and it would be helpful if the job creation facet inherent in this directive were properly communicated . posti
various studies have been initiated , and there are great opportunities for job creation . posti
given that services account for well over 60 % of the union 's gdp , it is clear that any improvement in the services area is going to lead to an increase in wealth and jobs for people in the union . occupazione
we wanted – and we still want – to make the eu the most competitive and most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustained economic growth , with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion , and one that respects the environment and natural resources . posti
i am well aware that europe has a competitiveness problem , which largely explains its mediocre performance in terms of growth and jobs . occupazione
to tackle this threat we need more growth and more jobs . posti
growth and jobs must be our priorities . occupazione
higher productivity should lead to higher growth , which , in turn , would create more jobs . occupazione
we see competitiveness as being about creating more jobs in europe by way of growth and better conditions for european businesses . posti
the production of biomass creates jobs in districts and regions with low economic growth and can contribute to a better environment and to more stable energy production . posti
i should like to bring up one of those challenges , namely more and better jobs , but also sustainability and social cohesion . posti
we will not reject this directive , as it could in fact generate jobs if we draft it in a way that is appropriate to the situation . posti
it pursues the same path of liberalisations and privatisations , of making jobs less secure and of attacks on public services . posti
similarly , it does not propose to repeal the stability and growth pact and replace it with a social progress and jobs pact , in line with the objectives of full employment , sustainable economic development and economic and social cohesion . posti
at westminster , the speaker 's job is to protect the rights of backbenchers . compito
these investments have created , directly or indirectly , some 12 million jobs on both sides of the atlantic . posti
it is an extremely simple idea , based on the premise that our economic integration is much deeper than we are aware and than we perceive it to be , as well as on the premise that this economic integration facilitates healthy growth and secures jobs on both sides of the atlantic , and hence enables us to help the whole world participate in this prosperity . posti
not so long ago miss morelli , in charge of training in the council , in the presence of commission representatives , reaffirmed on several occasions that the jobs of the teachers were guaranteed until they retired . posti
ultimately , how can the commission claim to defend social dialogue and the rights of workers , women and the family , when , without prior warning and without any careers advice or alternative employment , it dismisses people most of whom have family responsibilities and are at an age when it is difficult to find a new job . impiego
mr president , losing one ’ s job is one of the most traumatic events a person can experience in a lifetime , and i should like to tell the teachers concerned that i understand their position . NULL
the money saved will make it possible to create more jobs , as it cannot be denied that the eu is an over-generous employer . posti
commissioner , we shall be watching very carefully to ensure that , in the future , this commission does not continue in the same way as the previous commission , thinking solely in budgetary terms and always dealing with budgetary issues rather than quality , jobs and the weakest categories of workers in this union . occupazione
in other words , it has announced , before plenary in the european parliament , that the jobs of all the employees in the european union services are insecure . posti
multilingualism will suffer if we dispense with the work performed by skilled and experienced professionals in their difficult and complex job and outsource that work to people with dubious profile , experience and competence . compito
. – as well as contributing towards the lisbon strategy and towards reinforcing europe ’ s competitiveness in the knowledge-based economy , the multiannual community programme to make digital content in europe more accessible , usable and exploitable , enables us to achieve satisfactory results in terms of economic growth , job creation , innovation and consumer choice . posti
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , since the barroso commission has been doing its job for months now and has appointed all its staff , including the spokespersons , it really is hard to believe that they have not yet succeeded in finding an italian spokesperson .  
by focusing on growth and jobs , it aims to create the conditions for proper living standards , social justice for all and environmental sustainability . occupazione
this shows the commission 's full commitment to modernising and developing european social systems , to tackling social exclusion and poverty , and to attaining the target of more and better jobs . posti
both decisions emphasise the fact that the highest priorities for the eu , in the current circumstances , are reinvigorating economic growth and creating jobs . posti
a strong economy can be created by closer cooperation between the member states , and this is where i would like to congratulate the commission on the implementation of a new economic strategy that aims to create over six million jobs . posti
in fact , we are seeking a balance while maintaining the objective , which is to create a genuine internal market in services , since that is essential to the creation of jobs in europe . posti
it is safe to say that if mr ackermann of deutsche bank – a company that can certainly be considered a global player – had read this recommendation , he would not have announced a return on capital of 16 % in the same breath as the loss of over 6 000 jobs . posti
the purpose here is to act in the interests of consumers to increase europe 's competitiveness and develop growth and jobs . occupazione
under the leadership of president barroso , the european commission has recently proposed a new partnership for growth and jobs . occupazione
such competition releases considerable dynamism and energy into european society , and not only where development , growth and new jobs are concerned . posti
better focused state aid means better economic results and governance and ultimately , better and more secure jobs and better use of tax-payers ' money . occupazione
i know it was a difficult job , but the result has been worth it . compito
in order to develop employment , the eu must contribute towards the creation of jobs in industry and support and promote microcredit institutions . posti
we provide help in the fields of education , health and job creation , and we often work with unrwa . posti
last year , more journalists than ever were killed on the job , and large numbers of them are in prison around the world . lavoro
we have a long job ahead of us , but if we look for a moment at the situation in other parts of the world , we can see that this relentless , gradual but constant work on human rights can prove successful and produce results , and there are plenty of examples to demonstrate this . NULL
mr president , mr president-in-office , commissioner , my fellow members have pointed out several times that the textile industry used to provide more than two and a half million jobs , and i myself come from a region , the nord-pas-de-calais in france , that knows all about this , because it is currently suffering greatly from this loss of jobs . posti
this is where our commissioner has a particular responsibility to make every effort for the sake of our jobs , and i thank him in anticipation of his doing just that . occupazione
the first – and , for me , the most important set of reasons – is the need for the european union to be credible in delivering the renewed lisbon agenda on growth and jobs . occupazione
he is also taking steps to ensure that the lisbon agenda is implemented and promises great things , such as new jobs and higher incomes for our people . posti
i believe that this goal – knowledge-based training and further training and life-long learning in connection with research findings at university , with a clear focus on new jobs – must be pursued , and that for this reason we must also demand of the research council that its representatives from business and research departments have a large say in shaping the goals , and that the political goals we fund with the lisbon agenda are implemented accordingly and that we get a grip on bureaucracy . posti
this will be very difficult to achieve , however , given that only 3 % of small and medium-sized enterprises , which pay 85 % of all business taxes and provide 75 % of jobs , currently invest in research , and 40 % of them are involved in innovation . posti
we see how , in the current situation , large numbers of people are leaving research for other jobs because they find it impossible to carve out careers and create good bases for family life , given the rules and conditions we lay down for them . lavori
now that we are seeing the framework for a new european research policy , we must , finally , at the same time also think about how to translate these research results into job opportunities . lavoro
will european fishermen who have decided to give up their jobs receive the compensation promised by the eu ?  
will there be any chance of compensation for companies and steelworks that had already been awarded contracts to demolish boats and had incurred organisational costs , and will jobs created under the previous programme be safeguarded ? posti
we must not allow the businesses concerned to sidestep the agreed conditions on the basis of which they enjoy those subsidies , obligations such as long-term production in the territory and maintaining jobs . posti
the government has also barred private radio stations from broadcasting , and 800 journalists have lost their jobs as a result . lavoro
i might add that the americans did a good job of training charles taylor as president and bringing him into office , after which it was very difficult to get rid of him again . addestrare
with a view to responding to these concerns , the ministers responsible for gender equality policy in the 25 member states undertook , in a declaration adopted on 4 february 2005 , to develop strategies to increase the number of women in employment and in quality jobs , to guarantee and protect the rights of women workers and to remove structural , legal and psychological barriers to gender equality at work . posti
women and poverty : in the ministerial declaration of 4 february , the member states also agreed to strengthen efforts to combat social exclusion and to remove obstacles to women ’ s participation in the labour market , on the basis that a good job is one of the best ways of escaping poverty . lavoro
on behalf of women in the member states , i also regret the neo-liberal economic policy , with its deregulation and privatisation , which makes women ’ s situation still more difficult where both job opportunities and access to childcare and care of the elderly are concerned . professionali
today , european socialist women have launched a pledge card with five priorities , the most important of which is more and better jobs for women . posti
secondly , promoting special economic and social incentives for integration into the job market , effective dissuasive actions so that women 's lives are not downgraded , wiping out violence , as occurred in turkey over the last few days , and the participation of women with quotas in political parties and central and local government . lavoro
on average in the eu , only one in three permanent full-time jobs is held by a woman , and it is women who continue to suffer from direct and indirect wage discrimination , with wage differences ranging from 16 % to 30 % on average , and even higher in some countries . lavoro
it is clear from these figures that the strategies for creating more quality jobs accompanied by workers ’ rights are falling short of what is required , because , in the name of competitiveness , emphasis has been placed on the neoliberal doctrine , on the european central bank , on the irrational implementation of the criteria for nominal convergence of the stability and growth pact , on accelerating liberalisations and privatisations and on the flexibility and deregulation of work . posti
it is therefore essential that we scrap the stability pact and replace it with a genuine development and employment pact that gives priority to creating more quality jobs accompanied by workers ’ rights , a pact that commits us to a root and branch revision of the lisbon strategy , thereby eliminating the liberalisation and deregulation of work and placing all of the emphasis on jobs with rights and social inclusion . lavoro
in order to achieve the 70 % employment target set in lisbon , 22 million more jobs will have to be created . posti
this is because what we need is more jobs and greater social inclusion , so that , when the eu speaks about economic and social cohesion , it will not simply be uttering words but will actually be taking steps towards greater well-being for all . NULL
any debate we hold on unemployment should also focus on employers , as the only effective way to create new jobs is to make it possible for them to pursue their activities . occupazione
we will not create new jobs by imposing additional administrative burdens on entrepreneurs , raising taxes and placing restrictions on competition . posti
if you look , though , at the unemployment figures not only in germany , but also in my own country of austria , it would appear that these efforts have already proved fruitless , for the point has to be made that , at the same time as jobs have migrated from them to low-wage countries , illegal immigration has created a new underclass at home . posti
when , for example , as we see from the german visa scandal , hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of ukrainians enter the eu in the guise of tourists in order to provide cheap labour , this means in real terms that jobs in the eu member states are being wiped out . posti
and this is the case , for example , in my country , spain , as has been demonstrated , where over recent years , an economic policy based on the balance of public accounts , tax reductions and the implementation of liberalising reforms in key sectors has led to the creation of five million jobs . posti
let us be clear : if it is true that european textile rules must be adapted rapidly , it is crucial that we prevent that adaptation from turning into the sudden collapse of the economic and social structure in european textile regions , with dire consequences , particularly in terms of job losses . posti
this approach provides us with the necessary guarantee that , within the eu ’ s institutional structure , the eib will continue to play a crucial role in financing small and medium-sized enterprises ( smes ) , thereby contributing to an economy that is sound , that creates more and better jobs and that is a catalyst for sustainable growth . posti
- ‘ prioritise tackling the issues of unemployment , poverty and social exclusion ’ and to create ‘ long-term quality jobs backed up by workers ' rights ’ ; posti
- removing criticism of the lisbon strategy ’ s contribution towards accelerating liberalisations / privatisations , the flexibility of labour and job insecurity ;  
- removing references to the need to review current economic and financial policies , in particular those of the stability and growth pact , the lisbon strategy , the internal market and competition policy , and the emphasis on achieving a high employment rate and long-term quality jobs backed up by workers ’ rights ; posti
i believe that a productive economy generates more wealth , more jobs , more opportunities and encourages better distribution . occupazione
the idea that a country full of subsidies and public jobs is sustainable is a mirage and a sure-fire guarantee of greater social injustice . impieghi
getting the full benefit that services can bring to the eu economy will boost growth and jobs . occupazione
removing the red tape currently strangling efforts to establish or provide services on a cross-border basis will make a real contribution to entrepreneurship , growth and job creation . posti
we will make that positive case , because we want the jobs and the new business start-ups . posti
i suggest that the message here is clear , and you may be surprised at the strength of feeling in support of what you aim to do , surprised at the awareness that this directive could be good for consumers , good for taxpayers , good for growth and above all good for jobs . occupazione
it is up to the european parliament to do its job on this particular matter and we will take on board your concerns . compito
however , remember that there are millions of people coming on to the job market who are waiting for the opportunity to have a decent standard of living and social inclusion . lavoro
counterfeiting and piracy undermine jobs and result in a considerable loss of revenue . posti
we have done a very good job from various points of view . lavoro
yet despite this fact , our committee is doing a good job . bene
the committee also has a secretariat , which does an extremely good job . lavoro
it is indeed the case that the members from the new member states have noticed significant shortfalls in these areas , which make it difficult for us to carry out our jobs . lavoro
on these matters of research and ethics , the alde group is very clear : it is not europe ’ s job to harmonise ethics ; subsidiarity must prevail and the countries that take a conservative position on this cannot prevent europe from doing research on stem cells in order to respond to the hopes of millions of patients in genetic and cell therapy . spetta
as the commission has proposed , we must give this strategy a new start , by concentrating our action on achieving stronger and more sustainable growth and on creating more better-quality jobs . posti
we have to realise that appropriate environmental policies can result in twin benefits , in terms of employment and ensuring lasting growth ; and , in the context of economic stability , we have to improve the ability of our businesses – from the very largest to our small and medium-sized enterprises – to create more and better jobs . posti
this is why we propose a new focus on growth and jobs in order to meet those challenges . occupazione
i know a variety of concerns have been raised about the new focus on actions to promote growth and jobs . occupazione
we proposed that a european institute of technology should be created , that greater priority should be given to improving the regulations , particularly in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises , that there should be a greater emphasis on re-examining existing proposals , that the rules on state aid and taxation should be used in a way that would encourage the spirit of enterprise , innovation and research , that employment market reforms should concentrate on measures to help women , young people and older workers to find and keep jobs , and that a european pact for youth mantenerlo
instead , we need a policy that makes use of the sector ’ s enormous potential in terms of innovation , investment capacity , and creativity , and turns it into jobs . posti
that is not , however , an end in itself ; rather , the object is the creation of jobs , enabling people to get involved and make use of their options in europe . posti
i agree that lisbon will fail if people come to feel that it aims to recast the european social model , and if possible to downgrade it , but if , as a project , it enhances europe ’ s prosperity by making it a more competitive continent , while at the same time maintaining the social framework conditions that can make it possible for every person in this union to live decently , by creating jobs and social security for young and old : if that is what lisbon leads them to feel , then it is a project posti
this connection is , in our view , important , as are their three points : better regulation , the strengthening of small and medium-sized enterprises and a pro-active industrial policy to secure both industrial jobs and the environmental standards and quality of our products , thereby making us better able to compete in export markets . posti
president barroso , europe ’ s liberals and democrats will remain steadfast and united in support of your agenda , provided you recognise that the forces which spur growth and create new jobs lie in entrepreneurship and in the determination to make a great product or provide a great new service . posti
the real competition in the global economy is to attract investment capital to back new ideas and create new jobs . posti
finally , a single market in services must be the centrepiece of the lisbon agenda , to provide growth and jobs . occupazione
unemployment remains , on average , about 9 % in europe , where lack of job security is increasing rapidly . lavoro
in order to achieve the lisbon objective , that is to say a 70 % employment rate by 2010 , it would be necessary to create 22 million more jobs than the present rate over the next five years . posti
this is what mr barroso calls ‘ a new focus on growth and jobs ’ . occupazione
priority should also be given to the effective implementation of modern production methods thanks to which jobs can be created that are both modern and secure . posti
modern , cheap and high-quality production makes it possible to compete on external markets , which in practice then results in new jobs in the production and services sectors . posti
mr president , we in europe are facing a historic challenge , one to which the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats is prepared to rise , because we want future generations to prosper and be enabled to enjoy our social model , have jobs and claim a reasonable pension afterwards . lavorino
we appreciate the fact that the barroso commission has taken the brave decision to revive and breathe new life into the lisbon strategy and , on the recommendation of the kok working party , has opted to give priority to growth and jobs in a balanced social and ecological context . occupazione
we must opt in favour of competitiveness , a positive business climate – definitely also including smes – and economic growth and jobs . occupazione
investment in environmental technology leads to more jobs , boosts innovation and creates sustainable growth . posti
today , with rising social and regional inequalities , unemployment affecting almost 20 million workers , growing job insecurity and almost 70 million people living in poverty , social inclusion and cohesion have to be a priority , a central concern in this mid-term review of the lisbon strategy .  
that means not only creating secure jobs , but also sharing out the created wealth more fairly , through social policies designed to ensure human rights , better pensions and retirement provision , quality public services in health , education , research and vocational training , social security and protection , housing and family support , paying particular attention to promoting equal rights for women and taking account of suitable environmental policies . posti
mrs figueiredo said in her report yesterday that 22 million jobs need to be created in the eu in the next five years . posti
fears about jobs moving to the new member states , cheap labour forces and tax competition within the european union itself are forcing politicians to consider reforms and are making society more open to change . posti
it is only by resuming public and private investment and giving new impetus to consumption that our union will be able to increase its growth and create jobs . posti
they did their utmost to ensure that they could provide the type of real job security that is based on the capacity to maintain the constant upgrading of professional skills . occupazione
those businesses which rely on revolving reserve supplies of temporary workers will lose ground to those whose employees are tied to them by motivation based on job security and decent working conditions . lavoro
do we have the courage and the strength to turn things around , and go for more jobs and more growth ? posti
let us at last come to grasp what that is : the indispensable requirement for more growth and new jobs , without which we will not achieve the ambitious social and environmental goals of which we are all in favour , as the resolution says . posti
none of us can any more be ignorant of the fact that the european internal market has created two million jobs since 1993 . posti
the main task is to create jobs , and that is something i can do only if demand for products increases and business is obliged to invest in expansion and thereby meet the increased need . posti
the facts ought to prompt even those whose economic thinking is of the most neoliberal kind to accept that , in the absence of demand , cutting taxes does nothing to create new jobs , but that , on the contrary , either the consequent rationalisation wipes them out or the increase in revenue is not reinvested , or alternatively , it finds its way , via taxation , into the state ’ s budget . posti
the lisbon strategy must not be about competing for the biggest returns , but rather competing for highly skilled jobs , excellence in education and training , product quality , high environmental standards and a high level of consumer protection . posti
low-paid and part-time jobs do nothing to help do away with the scourge of unemployment . posti
we find that growth is stagnant and insufficient jobs have been created . posti
i myself feel that we can create a reform that says that people must be able to move from an old job to a new job while maintaining social security and in the constant assurance of becoming more skilled , better qualified and more education-minded . lavoro
in other words , we shall say that we are here to create new jobs that can take the place of the old ones , and we shall ensure that people are able to take those new jobs . lavoro
the second message confirms the role of smes as job creators and innovators in a proactive and balanced industrial policy , one focused on the leading corporations , but also – and perhaps primarily – on those small companies which , again , are the key to job creation in europe . posti
there is no policy that is more social than policy that creates more and better jobs and creates space for entrepreneurship . posti
if we do not complete the internal market , we will never have the basis for creating the jobs , growth , social and environmental policies we all want . posti
i can assure you that this side of the house will work with you to get the measure through , because it is the most important measure for the internal market since the 1992 programme and it is crucial for jobs and employment . posti
i am delighted it is going to be remedied , because if every small- and medium-sized company across europe creates one more job over the next five years , we will have met that job creation goal . lavoro
growth provides more jobs , employment , income and prosperity among the public . posti
more people in jobs is the best guarantee for social security ’ s affordability and for cushioning the rising cost of care , as well as the reform of affordable and lasting pensions . occupate
without providing permanent education to the potential workers , we cannot put the unemployed , whether they be women , minorities or the disabled , in jobs . lavoro
madam president , the core of the lisbon strategy has to be jobs . posti
– madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the answer to the question ' is it possible to create six million new jobs in europe by 2010 ? ' , is yes . posti
finally , i should like to say that the basic principle of economic development policy should be that the goals of economic growth and job creation are not designed to be achieved simultaneously . posti
those who are currently fighting the services directive with its free and open market for services are actually opposing new jobs and european growth in the future . posti
there is no conflict between the internal market and people ’ s social security , since nothing is as crucial for social security as a job and an income . lavoro
there is nothing so crucial to social cohesion as opportunities for new businesses and new jobs . posti
many young people spend far too long searching in vain for their first job , so that they can gain the necessary experience . impiego
for this reason the countries of the european union need to formulate systematically the kind of employment policy , including financial incentives and benefits , that will encourage employers to create jobs suitable for mothers , without either the employer or the mother herself suffering any negative consequences as a result . posti
however , the us is producing growth , it is producing research , it is producing jobs . posti
overall , however , we are struggling to reach a sufficient and sufficiently sustainable rate of growth to create the jobs europe needs if it is to cut an excessively high level of unemployment appreciably and sustainably . posti
social exclusion produces neither more growth nor more jobs . occupazione
we must also be aware , however , that an economy that is increasingly uncompetitive and which no longer generates enough jobs , inevitably leads to social exclusion and undermines the very foundations of the european social model . posti
finally , i entirely agree with what vice-president verheugen said about the importance of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are the reservoir of jobs that europe needs . posti
growth and job creation are particularly urgent objectives . posti
impoverishing europe and causing more europeans to lose their jobs will not further the development of developing world countries . lavoro
our orientations are , and have always been , sustainable development , social cohesion , improved working conditions , more jobs , continuing or dynamic training and economic competitiveness . occupazione
while we are all aware that their use protects the environment and helps with compliance with the kyoto protocol , the positive effects of their use include , among many others , increased competitiveness , added regional value and the creation of jobs in rural areas . posti
the priorities set in 2000 have been redefined on the basis of the ongoing concerns of european citizens , namely growth and jobs . occupazione
such investment would stimulate growth and create new job opportunities . lavoro
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this morning we discussed in detail the new strategy for growth and jobs and managed to achieve perfect convergence between parliament and the commission . occupazione
first , there is the need to relaunch the lisbon strategy and to re-focus it on growth and jobs in order to bring our wider economic , social and environmental objectives within reach . occupazione
it will ensure that we in europe can give the very highest standard of jobs , training and , most importantly of all , social protection to all our citizens . posti
a decisive effort is needed to boost competitiveness not only through good programmes but also in real economic activities , because sustainable development and more jobs can result only from more growth . occupazione
it is true that the best way to fight poverty is to increase economic competitiveness and job creation , but this must be tightly linked to social cohesion , education , research and development , and protection of the environment . occupazione
this is exactly what the cohesion policy of the european union could do , and this is why the financial resources that the european union will have in the coming years will determine whether we really want the new member states to be really integrated ; if we really do want them to adopt the euro and expand their economic development and create jobs as the lisbon strategy is telling us to do . posti
we shall do all this in the european way , which is to ensure that the creation of growth and jobs does not happen at the expense of over-using natural resources or of social policy . occupazione
i am not alluding to quality , since our universities and our graduates are already the best in the world , but i am referring to jobs : opportunities to do research and to earn money . occupazione
paradoxically , while science and technology play an ever more decisive role in today ’ s global economy , young people are avoiding science subjects because of the limited job opportunities . occupazionali
i should therefore like to praise the efforts of all those involved , and especially mrs locatelli , as she has done a very good job of drafting her report , and this is why i intend to vote in favour of it during tomorrow ’ s vote . lavoro
it is my belief that backing must also be given to projects such as the galileo or gms programme , because i know from my own experience that projects of this kind give rise to opportunities in a number of other related fields , and offer the chance of hundreds , if not thousands , of new jobs . lavoro
as well as aiming to stop the decline in biodiversity in europe , natura 2000 creates and sustains jobs , supports agriculture , forestry and rural development and provides tourism and educational opportunities . posti
from this point of view , the draft resolution lays down clear guiding principles : adjusting the sugar com in line with the rules of world trade , increasing the competitiveness of the sugar sector , guaranteeing a decent standard of living for those engaged in the sector – a social objective – either by enabling them to keep their jobs or , if necessary , retraining them , and at the same time complying with the principle of community solidarity which takes account of the most vulnerable regions and states within the union and also our historical trading partners  
the problem , once again , commissioner , is that the commission is presenting proposals despite the fact that the impact study has not taken account either of the effects of these reductions in prices and quotas on the incomes of family farms , or of the loss of jobs in the industry and its affect on the rural life of the states in question . posti
we believe that this method would produce , or could produce , a relocation of jobs and economic activity within the european union , which would create the greatest imbalance in the least competitive states , and would create a dangerous precedent within the cap . occupazione
i am confident , commissioner , that this house will , when it votes today , endorse the compromise that the agriculture committee , over and above all party boundaries , has made such a good job of hammering out , and i very much hope that the commission will listen to its messages when the time comes for it to present its legislative proposals . ignori
i think they have done an excellent job of work , bearing in mind the angle from which they approached it and their representation of farmers ’ interests . che
if the current regime remains unchanged , it is estimated that there would be around 15 000 fewer jobs in 2012 , a loss of more than 75 % . perduti
the goal is therefore to achieve a competitive sugar sector in the community , so that the remaining jobs in the sector enjoy long-term sustainability . posti
capacities and aptitudes are the criteria according to which job applicants must be selected ; whether they are men or women is less relevant in this context . incarico
farmers ’ wives do unpaid work at home , on the farm and for the family in exactly the same way as all women work in addition to the time they spend doing a job , but statistics take no account of what they do ; it is still not taken seriously by society , and is not recognised as an economic factor . lavoro
we voted against it because we think it is bad for the european food industry : half a million european jobs depend on industries that use sugar and they will be facing higher sugar prices than the rest of their competitors throughout the world . posti
i believe that production should continue to be spread throughout the entire community , not just for environmental and economic reasons , but also because otherwise there is a risk that thousands of jobs will be lost , jobs that will be hard to replace , thus leading to unavoidable social costs . posti
we need reform in the sugar sector not only due to wto pressures but also because we need a competitive eu food industry , to maintain jobs and a viable industry . posti
tibetans cannot find work in their own country , as all new jobs are reserved for the chinese . posti
quite apart from the delay in drawing them up , these guidelines contain constraints and procedures that may complicate and hold back the activation of the clause , thereby preventing us from providing the much-needed immediate response to a situation so serious that thousands of companies and jobs are at risk . posti
in these circumstances , the position of the prosecutor that her job is not to safeguard the public from known dangers is inexplicable . compito
i think that the rapporteur has done a really excellent job . lavoro
the committee on transport and tourism has done a good job . lavoro
i am among those who believe that , when a job is performed in accordance with a certain number of rules , this also enables the worker to give his best and often to be more efficient . prestazione
the report emphasises the potential for increasing the use of short sea shipping for passenger transport , the opportunities to create thousands of jobs , the importance of links between short sea shipping and inland waterways , the importance of short sea shipping for islands , compliance with community competition rules and , finally , improving the environmental performance of short sea shipping . posti
first , widespread use of short sea shipping running through all sectors of the european economy would have an extremely positive impact on the development of all regions in the european union and would be a fantastic way of creating hundreds of thousands of jobs across the continent . posti
this man was simply doing his job and was not offending against the constitution in any way . lavoro
i believe she has done a very constructive job of work , and the issue with which she is dealing is one for which it is not only necessary to get a majority in this house , as the dividing lines really do run between the various groups . lavoro
this change puts millions of jobs throughout europe at risk . posti
the commission ’ s 2003 impact assessment concluded that construction of the large trans-european network projects could generate extra economic growth of around 0.25 % of gdp , that is one million permanent highly skilled jobs . posti
i believe that the directive can also act as a legitimate tool in the fight against illegal immigration , by restricting the entry of people who , arriving without jobs or any papers , and counting on straightforward social integration , very often are compelled to commit crimes in order to survive , sometimes even despite themselves . lavoro
at the same time , we are all aware that the future will belong to flexible businesses that introduce innovative working methods , in so doing motivating their workers to be more productive and also offering them high-quality jobs . posti
our leaders pledged to make the european union the most dynamic , knowledge-based economy in the world , with more and better quality jobs and greater social cohesion . lavoro
the best deal a worker can get is to have a job , and this directive will not improve employment or social life . lavoro
the threat of job losses and the shaky state of our economies make it hard to know whether one should support employer or employee groups , the positions of which are inherently opposed . posti
madam president , commissioner , i wish to begin by thanking the rapporteur for the very good job he has done . lavoro
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , while discussing some aspects of the organisation of working hours , first of all we have to talk about those cases where hired employees support their families from their jobs , and who comprise the majority of the labour market .  
a high level of unemployment , in particular in some new member states , the slow development of new workplaces , reduction of old workplaces in some sectors , for example , in the textile industry , and the fear of people , particularly in the provinces , that they will lose their jobs , enable employers to misuse the possibility of eliminating workplaces , or threatening dismissal if an employee refuses to work overtime . lavoro
my main focus in the course of this work is to ensure that it is made easier for the member states to create new jobs . posti
unlike those people , i believe that what is most important in europe today is to lay sound foundations for creating new jobs . posti
good sense alone will tell us that , with the exception of jobs clearly demanded by those who carry them out , the reality of working 60 hours per week - or worse still , 63 hours with the authorisation granted in 1993 – as is the case in certain countries in the european union , will pose problems in terms of adapting to one ’ s personal , family and social environment in the long run . rivendicate
the fundamental task must surely be – or so i have heard in this house over and over again in the course of the past year – that we give priority to enabling them to keep their jobs or to enabling them to have jobs in the first place . posto
who , in fact , gives us the right to forbid workers to come to agreements for themselves concerning their jobs and the hours that they work ? lavoro
workers want us to pass laws that create jobs , not to stop them from working more than eight hours ’ overtime per week . posti
i would like to say thank you for the help i was given in this job . lavoro
although it is not parliament ’ s job to become involved in national-level judicial processes , these values are so important that i shall be voting in favour . compito
you did a very good job in buenos aires and i want this work to continue with the same demands on the part of the european parliament . lavoro
we were able to check that there is no doubt as to his expertise and professional ability in the light of the job he will have to do . incarico
you have a job to do : go out and sell it and give member states every assistance you can to sell it . lavoro
commissioner , will the ngos that misuse public funds – and i am thinking , in particular , of an ngo in ireland whose job it is to work in the developing world , which put up ‘ say no to nato ’ signs during the last nice treaty referendum – face any sort of sanctions or censure from the commission , particularly if they are using public funds when they should be looking after third world issues and development issues of that kind ? compito
the regulation envisages the situation that when major project – above eur 25 million in the case of the environment and eur 50 million in the case of transport and substructure – are adopted , the commission also asks the member state , under cost-benefit analysis , to provide information about any jobs being created or lost in the regions concerned in the context of a given project . lavoro
in terms of getting the european ideal accepted , they are absolute poison , particularly in the regions affected by site closures , and their end product is in fact nothing whatever ; they produce neither additional jobs nor added economic potential . posti
these are in fact the key areas where we propose concentrating community assistance , in line with the integrated guidelines on jobs and growth which the commission proposed and the presidency concluded at the spring european council . occupazione
this is where new jobs should be created in the future : in the small- and medium-sized enterprises . posti
it is not true to say that three months of evening classes are enough to equip heating engineers to do the job . lavoro
we believe that this directive does a good job of striking a balance between the freedom of movement and quality protection , and i hope that the planned services directive will do nothing to interfere with this . pregio
it is my belief that this directive , along with the services directive , will bring us another step closer to the completion of the common market and to creating economic growth and new jobs throughout europe , provided that the country of origin rules are observed . posti
this will allow qualified professionals to take advantage of the single market and use their skills to drive home the advantages for growth and jobs that an internal market for services must deliver . posti
it is the people whose qualifications are not recognised who suffer most , however , and who are prevented from taking up jobs for which they are qualified . lavori
what i considered crucial , and that has also been adopted by the commission and the council , is that a liability scheme will in any case be put in place , particularly for the medical professions , because it is unacceptable for people employed in that sector on a temporary basis to be able to escape all disciplinary provisions and liability because of the temporary nature of the job . lavoro
this refers in particular to privatisation and basic needs , given that it would appear futile , as mr watson said , for the markets of developing countries to be full of goods that the people cannot buy because they have no jobs or money with which to buy them . lavoro
the reality is that self-interest rather than philanthropy drives the eu ’ s actions , and this self-interest is best served by the eu having its own people in the top jobs . posti
the implementation of this report could damage our attempts to try to retain and possible create jobs without eroding the social model . posti
in 1947 , when the first congress of the european movement met at the hague , giving birth to the idea of creating the council of europe in the face of the refusal by the soviet union to allow the other countries of central and eastern europe to take part either in the marshall plan or in the creation of the council of europe , the great churchill declared with his own prophetic offering : ‘ we are beginning in the west a job which we will complete in the east . ’ completeremo
their fears are serious : the fear of finding or not finding a job , and the fear of a more competitive world that is sometimes perceived as a challenge . lavoro
the fear , however , is that of finding or not finding a job , and not the fear of finding or not finding one ’ s own country . impiego
is the council willing to put pressure on the bush administration to allow academic unions to organise to protect the quality of jobs , academic freedoms and the intellectual standards of us universities ? posti
this is the case , in particular , with the community initiative equal , which is funded by the european social fund and is developing new approaches to fight against discrimination and inequalities , which , in the job market , specifically affect the roma community . lavoro
what adverse effects on businesses and jobs in europe does the commission anticipate if the embargo on weapons – and on the transfer of associated technologies – is lifted ? occupazione
in international trade , two contradictory elements need to be reconciled : firstly , and obviously , the need to trade and therefore to remove barriers ; and , secondly , the need to ensure that jobs and social benefits are secure . occupazione
it is our job to make sure , in the long term , that it sticks to those rules . compito
dumping prices will mean that one million european textile manufacturers , including tens of thousands of women in the czech republic , will lose their jobs in areas where textiles are a traditional industry . posti
as a vice-president of the international textile , clothing and leather workers ’ association , i am only too familiar with the present situation , and with the potential social consequences of the job losses that are threatened . posti
in europe alone , over a million jobs are seriously at risk , while on a global scale – and this i say with my vice-presidential hat on – over 30 million textile workers are under pressure , with the threat of their jobs going elsewhere . posti
the situation is critical in the member states , and in greece in particular , as mr mandelson can see from the statistics submitted by the greek authorities on closures of textile companies and job losses . posti
mr herrero-tejedor has done an excellent job in tabling a report that poses the right questions and suggests important answers . lavoro
there are a lot of excellent dvds , which do a very good job of describing the work we do . ottimamente
so let us , in future , make a better job of things in europe ! dovere
we must minimise the effects of the drought suffered by workers who depend on crops , livestock and forests and who have already lost their jobs , or whose jobs are under serious threat . posti
in spain and in portugal , exceptional measures must urgently be taken to promote jobs in the affected areas . occupazione
also , as a result of the recent elections , several mari school directors and civil servants of mari background have lost their jobs . posti
ethnic mari civil servants have lost their jobs , and opposition journalists suffer persecution , as do the independent , private media . lavoro
it is simply a question of having this parliament do its job ! lavoro
we also want the european parliament to stand up and to do its job for once ! dovere
we must all be vigilant on matters of public accountability , but we must also let the commission get on with the job of bringing the european union ’ s member states closer together . lavoro
give the commission ’ s sacked accounts manager , marta andreasen another job . lavoro
in the debates currently taking place , when we are asked why the european parliament does not enjoy legislative initiative , we say ‘ because it is the job of the commission to define the community interest , because it is the job of the commission to ensure compliance with the treaties ’ . compito
. mr president , mr presidentinoffice of the council , ladies and gentlemen , i think that mrs malmström has , by dint of a great deal of effort , made a very good job of drafting this report , which makes clear not only the significance of our relations with russia , but also the fact that russia is not merely a partner in europe and an anchor of stability , but has also , as a result of enlargement , become our neighbour , and that it is for that reason that we must , both today and lavoro
there must be job creation and new activities for the future generation . posti
what this stands for is yet another desk , yet another few dozen secretaries and yet another few dozen policymakers , whose job will presumably be to cover up the truth . lavoro
now that it intervenes legislatively in these – and in all – sectors , the effect of future decisions by the union on the fundamental rights of its citizens needs to be evaluated if the legislator is to be able to do his job properly . lavoro
consequently , if we want to do our job properly , we need to acquire an agency , internal assistance if you like , which will support us in our job , such as the future fundamental rights agency . lavoro
last but not least , i would like to thank the rapporteur , mrs thomsen , for the excellent job she has done , not least in smoothly securing this extension and negotiating with the council an increase in funding from eur 81.5 million to eur 88.5 million for 2006 . lavoro
what matters is that growth and jobs are the ultimate goals , rather than the ideological gratification of political groups . occupazione
they will regard it as unforgivable if we , their legislator , miss the opportunity now available to us to opt for the provision of real support to smes and for priority to be given to creating more jobs , and if we instead indulge in ideological disputes . posti
what lisbon means , of course , is employment and growth , and we have already established that small and mediumsized enterprises have accounted for 75 % of new jobs created in recent years . posti
it is our duty to provide as many people as possible with this opportunity , and those who have jobs and are in employment obviously have more money in the bank than those who are unemployed . impiego
in so doing we will also help to reduce bureaucracy and secure jobs . posti
this means that jobs in manufacturing and bus companies will be secured and passengers will continue to enjoy high , or even higher , standards of comfort . posti
innovation is key to a company ’ s success and thus secures jobs . posti
do you have any idea how many jobs a law like this would destroy ? posti
madam president , i too would like to thank the rapporteur , who has had a tremendous job of work to do . lavoro
. mrs schierhuber has done an excellent job of drafting this report , and there is very little room for improvement . lavoro
usually , the more you can decentralise , the better it is , because those national competition authorities are very able to do their jobs . lavoro
therefore , i am usually in favour of the national competition authorities doing their jobs . funzioni
- a6-0150 / 2005 by mr goebbels , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the commission recommendation on the broad guidelines for the economic policies of the member states and the community in the framework of the integrated guidelines for growth and jobs ; occupazione
last february , the commission approved a document entitled ‘ working together for growth and jobs – a new start for the lisbon strategy ’ , which clearly pointed out that if europe wanted to carry on aspiring to become the most dynamic and most competitive economic area in the world by 2010 , the lisbon strategy had to be reoriented and had to focus on two clear objectives : firstly , economic growth and , secondly , employment . occupazione
these guidelines are based on the notion that economic growth can make a decisive contribution to job creation and that that is the best guarantee for social provision . posti
sixthly , our commitment to social cohesion and inclusion and to combating employment discrimination , supporting integrated action and the adoption of all measures necessary to guarantee that labour markets are open to job seekers , in particular women , young people , the elderly and people suffering any type of disability . impiego
the text , and also the contributions of the committee on women ’ s rights and gender equality , include a whole range of measures to guarantee real equality between men and women , not just with regard to access to jobs , but also with regard to other issues , such as salaries , professional promotion and harassment . posti
. mr president , a social europe in the world economy , jobs and new opportunities : that is how , in february , the european commission summed up the social agenda for the next few years . occupazione
which means that when we all consider this social agenda , then what is more important to us than anything else is achieving the lisbon objectives , in other words obtaining jobs and creating sound and high-quality employment . occupazione
this also means that we must ensure that the small and medium-sized enterprises , which are , after all , the driving force behind more and better jobs , are given every opportunity . posti
there is no denying that we must still put in a great deal of work and effort in order to develop this model and to be competitive and up-to-date , but one need only compare our basic constraints with those of other regions in the world where conditions are similar to see that europe is quite clearly not doing such a bad job . disastrosa
these include both specific problems experienced by certain groups , such as women , young and older workers or disabled people , and certain issues deemed to be key , such as partnerships , promoting job creation , preventing workplace injuries and achieving a balance between flexibility and job security . lavoro
turning to the issue of individual guidelines , i can assure you that the commission is in favour of stepping up the eu ’ s involvement in matters such as partnerships , equality between men and women , the problems experienced by young people and job creation . posti
it sets out guidelines for the measures we need to take in order to make progress towards more and better jobs and towards a more balanced society in which solidarity plays a greater part . posti
in the opinion , i emphasised the need to encourage the diversification of career options for girls , because enhancing women ’ s employability is the only way to improve their job prospects . lavoro
this could help greatly to create new jobs . posti
jobs cannot be created without businesses and businesses cannot come into being without entrepreneurs – people with the spirit of initiative and a taste for taking on risk . NULL
in so doing they will spread confidence , which is the key ingredient in raising investment and in creating jobs . posti
i therefore say that creating more jobs in europe will depend largely on what happens in the regions . posti
let no one be in any doubt : if we go down that route there will be neither economic growth nor more jobs in europe . posti
unfortunately , the vagueness of the broad guidelines for the economic policies of the member states and of the community and the restrictive proposals on the social agenda fall short of what is required to reinvigorate economic growth , to create the 22 million-plus jobs with rights , thereby the targets set in the lisbon agenda , and to promote the social inclusion of the 70 million living below the poverty line . posti
it also failed to take practical measures to promote and evaluate progress in the area of equality between men and women , for example as regards access to jobs with rights and salaries , where the situation is as bad as , if not worse than , it was . posti
most of them do not work properly and all of them add costs to business and destroy jobs . posti
in sweden , 20 – 25 per cent of people either are not working or do not have a job to go to , the causes being either absence due to illness , actual unemployment or the large number of people who have taken early retirement . lavoro
we must cope with increased competition through research and development and better job opportunities and through investing in the labour force by developing its skills . lavoro
the aim is no longer employment with a living wage and quality jobs , but rather the deregulation of working conditions and wages . posti
they are given jobs , but only in the black economy . lavoro
the entry of women into the job market also needs to be enhanced . lavoro
i do not see in the least why the combination of previously useless instruments should , suddenly and on its own , help to achieve a real breakthrough as regards job creation and economic growth within the european union . posti
the onward march of globalisation is robbing us of jobs on a massive scale , and , after a downturn , the number of unemployed never falls back to the level it was at before recession struck . posti
we must nevertheless make it more competitive ; we aim to increase competitiveness , create jobs and take our environmental responsibilities seriously . posti
far from inevitably hampering competition , good social and environmental policies can help make us more competitive , promote growth and create new jobs . posti
if the eu is to be more competitive , achieve economic growth and create jobs , the entrepreneurial skills of the smes must be harnessed . occupazione
the reality in europe is the loss of jobs and the eastward gold rush of large companies as a prelude to their final exit from europe . posti
the reality is that jobs are moving out while immigrants continue to move in for no purpose . NULL
it will be the job of this agency to issue opinions and recommendations and not to interfere in the work of the institutions responsible for decision-making . compito
it also failed to take practical measures to promote and evaluate progress in the area of equality between men and women , for example as regards access to jobs with rights and salaries , where the situation is as bad as , if not worse than , it was . occupazione
for the vvd , the best social policy at european level is the creation of jobs . posti
i have no objection to the underlying philosophy of creating a european ‘ labour market ’ , nor to the various measures proposed , such as concluding collective transnational conventions on work , promoting jobs for women and combating poverty . occupazione
for example , the social agenda attaches little importance to local economies and to small and medium-sized enterprises , which are key elements in economic development and jobs , and are responsible for over 90 % of business activity in europe . occupazione
i believe economics and ecology can actually go in tandem again here , because if we tackle this single-mindedly then as well as enormous benefits for the environment we will also be able to create jobs , jobs in small and medium-sized firms . occupazione
the important thing for us citizens is that , the more supervision is streamlined and cost-reduced , the more jobs are created in a european industry which is competitive at home and abroad . posti
please do not forget that measures under axis 3 , if used correctly , could contribute significantly to promoting economic growth and job creation in rural areas . posti
cutting the funds allocated to rural development means taking away resources from food safety , environmental protection , measures to enhance the countryside , product quality and job creation . posti
in ireland we seem to think that all the so-called ‘ better jobs ’ are the future and unwisely we starve out family farming . posti
i would like to emphasise that the new regulation of rural development expands the selection of measures in the areas of forestry , natura and non-agricultural jobs , which necessitates an even more rapid increase in funding .  
in my opinion and in the view of my group , the proposal on the retention of stored and processed data is not the right tool for the job . memorizzati
he did an excellent job , not least in communitarising justice and home affairs , and that is why i hope we will get this constitution through . lavoro
the ongoing debate is not promising , and everything points to cuts taking place , thus leading to a policy that will fail to promote economic and social cohesion , jobs and social inclusion . posti
there are currently insufficient funds available for many regions , educational exchanges , including for senior secondary vocational training , knowledge and employment , promotion funds for national plans to create new jobs in regions threatened with delocalisation , vital rural and nature management , border control , security in europe and the fight against global poverty , which brings me to development cooperation . posti
by creating more jobs , because more employment means , in turn , that more revenue will be available for redistribution . occupazione
according to some of the old member states , the eu is not doing enough to protect their jobs . occupazione
i greatly appreciate it and i do not believe that anyone else would have done a better job and produced such an excellent and impartial report . lavoro
we want to ensure that enlargement is successfully completed , to lay the foundations for rapid growth and job creation and to achieve the new goals established during the debates held while the european constitution was being drafted . posti
mr president , the rapporteur , mr böge , has done a good job . lavoro
with this , we will be able to develop research and a knowledge-based society and promote road-network construction and job creation . posti
he has done an excellent job in very difficult circumstances . opera
the rapporteur has done a fantastic job , involving clear priorities . lavoro
i am struck by how similar your priorities are to those of the commission , in particular boosting economic growth , job creation , solidarity with the poorest people , those who most need true solidarity in our approach , and also meeting commitments we have made , in other words bringing our commitments , and our finances , into line with our political priorities . posti
madam president , commissioner , it strikes me that the problematic thing about the advertisements for jobs with the commission is that they often specify a mother tongue . specificano
at national level the pact , which is an integral part of the lisbon partnership for growth and jobs , will be implemented through the integrated guidelines proposed by the commission and to be adopted by the council in june . occupazione
moreover , the commission predicts a worldwide rise in employment in the renewable energy sector , which should be providing several million jobs by 2020 . posti
the potential for job creation in the renewable energy sector must be fully exploited , not only through increased research and development , but also through the adoption of policy measures at european and national levels , to facilitate their penetration into the market . posti
currently more than 100 000 jobs have been created in europe in the wind and solar photovoltaic sectors alone . posti
to this end , in accordance with the new approach adopted in march , the european council will have to approve the integrated guidelines for growth and jobs 2005-2008 . occupazione
i therefore say very clearly : we in the european parliament have a job to do . compito
for all our grand plans for transnational cooperation , we have failed to explain to people what we are doing at european level and why , and to address their fears about jobs , careers and a productive retirement in a fast-changing world . posti
the people within europe today did not vote against more jobs , did not vote against better social protection , did not vote against better trade , did not vote against better community development programmes , did not vote against giving more aid to the developing world , did not vote against protection for our environment , did not vote against ensuring sustainable development in fisheries and other industries . occupazione
what is needed to convince the people is action and a financial perspective that will serve to demonstrate that europe can stimulate the economy and create employment through investments in the major infrastructure or through ‘ galileo ’ , which could create 100 000 new jobs and is waiting for a signal from the council to get under way . posti
in the course of two years , this socialist group in the european parliament and the european socialist party , of which i am president , have presented clear calls for europe to invest in more new jobs and to unite behind a common response to what many ordinary people see as the threats of globalisation . posti
our greatest task now , under the british presidency – and i really do think we have received some very exciting signals from prime minister tony blair – is to combine people ’ s need for social protection with new jobs in a globalised world . posti
the parliament voted , with a massive majority , to pat mr barroso on the back and tell him what a splendid job he is doing . lavoro
1. the political context and the need to involve the various european partners in building a stable financial framework that will ensure sustainable development and job creation ; posti
we say no because what we need is to make a clean break from the eu ’ s neoliberal policies and , on the basis of cooperation between equal sovereign states , to foster sustainable economic development , create jobs and combat persistently high levels of unemployment , poverty , social exclusion and income inequality . posti
ecosoc , too , must make a markedly better job of performing its tasks . ecosoc
concentrate on the innovative aspects – and only on them – and we shall have done a good job . lavoro
the communication contains a set of pragmatic proposals for boosting eu-us trade and investment and thus promoting competitiveness , growth , and jobs on both sides of the atlantic . posti
the second strand , on promoting knowledge and innovation , is crucial for generating economic growth and jobs . posti
it is appalling that social dumping and environmental dumping , which jeopardise jobs in europe and are at the heart of unfair competition , can be allowed to continue unchecked in the world and to continue to act to our detriment . posti
it is a good job of work and will enable us to make progress . lavoro
i thank the rapporteur for his report , which has built on the council decision and finished the job , although i cannot hide the fact – and i say so directly – that i am not happy with the council decision . lavoro
a balanced budget is not enough for growth and job creation . lavoro
we have always said that following this path would have an adverse effect on economic growth and jobs , and this is being borne out by reality . occupazione
what we need is to suspend the stability and growth pact and to make a clean break from the current economic guidelines – this was the clear message from the french and dutch no votes on the so-called ‘ european constitution ’ – in order to create the macro-economic conditions to revitalise the economy , to stimulate job creation and to work proactively to combat growing unemployment and high poverty and inequality levels in the eu . posti
sound economics , realism and results are what the citizens want , and our job is to deliver . dovere
we need flexible and better coordination of our financial policies , so that we can restore trust in the european economy , but , first and foremost , for the sake of our jobs . posti
with the modernisation of the stability and growth pact , we have obtained a useful tool , but that tool must now be accompanied by a number of other tools at national level that can create the new jobs we so badly need . posti
mr president , allow me to put the following question to the house : would we be experiencing the current crisis in the european union if economic growth and job creation were strong here , if the large european countries were offering us a different profile , if they were promoting the whole of the european union and contributing to balancing the world economy ? occupazione
mr karas has done an excellent job trying to remedy a mistaken proposal on the basic content of the stability pact . lavoro
european industry can survive worldwide and generate growth and jobs only if ' made in europe ' indicates a top-of-the-range product . occupazione
the advances in productivity made by european industry mean that , in years to come , no new jobs will be created in industry . occupazione
after many years during which the words ‘ industrial policy ’ had disappeared , today they are making a reappearance , and we should all be pleased about this because it is by promoting a solid industrial sector that the citizens will be able to find better paid and more stable jobs . posti
i would remind the house that deciding whether something is performing well , or whether those running businesses are adhering rather too diligently to healthy free-market principles , is no job for social dialogue . spetta
there is no point in encouraging women to train for industrial careers , since they will find jobs in whichever sector they wish . lavoro
one hundred and thirty years ago , the then british prime minister said that the job of economists was to prevent the government from harming the economy . compito
in view of the limited funding available , it is important to establish which goals and priorities should be focused on , for example the development of small and medium-sized enterprises in the global economy , whilst at the same time safeguarding environmental protection and job security . lavoro
such relocalisation is urgently needed in order to protect intellectual property , to help europe regain its lead in the field of know-how , to create jobs and to enhance the competitiveness of european capital . posti
liberalisation of the market in services will serve as a further catalyst for economic development in europe , and also represents a source of new jobs . occupazione
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like first to welcome this refreshing acknowledgment in competition policy and in the debate on industrial policy of the significance of small and medium-sized enterprises to jobs and the competitiveness of the european union . occupazione
that of course involves paying attention to the management and conservation of fishery resources , to anti-pollution efforts and also to the safeguarding of jobs . lavoro
my fellow members , be aware that , by approving this amendment , you will be signing the death warrant of 1 200 jobs directly and indirectly linked to this activity . posti
mrs fraga estévez , members , reopen the negotiations in order to save these jobs ! posti
the cooperation – – which , as i have said , was close and effective – – between the rapporteur , mrs fraga – – who has done a magnificent job – – and the commission services , has allowed us to come to this house today with a compromise acceptable to the majority of parliament , and with a clear message to the sector , which under no circumstances must we break or spoil . lavoro
– mr president , i would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr freitas , who has done an excellent job , as we have recognised – – no amendments have been presented – – and also my colleague , mrs stihler , who , representing the socialist group , has done an excellent job as shadow rapporteur . lavoro
the first key element is that it is crucial in terms of our future prospects of catching up to recognising the particularly close link that exists between job creation and the economic policies promoting it , and the social systems that represent the primary pillars of social inclusion . posti
i should like to thank those who create new jobs . posti
workers have lost their jobs and found themselves in debt after being deprived of their means of production and their markets . piombati
more money is needed to achieve our ambitious goals of social inclusion , job creation and the promotion of entrepreneurship . posti
apart from the first phase of coal and steel , the eu has turned its back on its industry , despite it being a source of jobs , economic growth , services , skills and know-how that no developed economy can afford to underestimate . posti
what we really need is to suspend the sgp and to make a complete break from the economic guidelines in place in order to create the macro-conditions to revitalise the economy and to create more jobs . posti
the europe of brussels has just spent the last ten years sacrificing millions of jobs in adhering to dogmatic quantified targets ( 3 % of gdp for government deficits , 60 % for government debt or , again , a maximum inflation rate fixed by the european central bank at 2 % ) . posti
they also take no account of the fact that the european employment strategy defined in november 1997 , included in the lisbon strategy as defined by the council in march 2000 , has been the main instrument to promote the flexibility , adaptability and mobility of the workforce , wage adjustment and changes in wage composition , and the opening up to private interests of the bulk of social security services , including pensions and health , which had a negative impact on the quality and security of the jobs created , on workers ’ rights and on income distribution posti
internally , european industry is undergoing a period of intensive reconstruction with jobs being lost and manufacturing units shutting down . posti
against this backdrop , the reform of the internal market , including the area of the freedom to provide cross-border services , will make it possible to achieve the economic growth that the eu requires if it is to generate more than 70 % of the world ’ s wealth and jobs . posti
the first weapon in the fight against social exclusion is of course jobs , jobs , jobs . posti
if we take into account the number of disadvantaged groups mentioned , and rightly so , in the report – or in other words women , single parents , people entering the job market , older people , the poor , those suffering ill health , disabled persons , carers , disadvantaged children , children under threat due to a lack of parental authority , linguistic minorities , refugees , immigrants , roma , other ethnic minorities , the homeless , alcoholics and drug addicts – it would not be much of an exaggeration to conclude that ordinary , non-disadvantaged lavoro
one of the serious reservations many old member states had about enlargement was a fear of ‘ economic migration ’ and of the threat to jobs for their citizens . posti
i agree with mrs in ' t veld that job creation must have the highest priority ; jobs , jobs , jobs , are what we urgently need . posti
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr hasse ferreira , who is unable to be here today , and i , believe that effective action should be taken to promote jobs and fight social exclusion throughout the eu . posti
if we are to combat poverty effectively , we must create more and better jobs , and the quality of those jobs must be seen as no less important . posti
in this context , the promotion of sustainable economic development , including the creation of more and better jobs , within the context of social cohesion , is key to ensuring that people of all states of the eu can be in a single market within a developed europe that is characterised by solidarity . posti
strong economic growth and more jobs are basic prerequisites for the permanent sustainability of social welfare systems . posti
it very often occurs when parents are unemployed or good quality jobs are lacking , or – as some members rightly pointed out – it may result from the exclusion of particular groups , such as the roma . posti
reinforced competitiveness , increasing modernisation in both our attitudes and our economic policies , a renewed determination to innovate and do more in the field of research – these are the major planks of the new strategy , which neither created nor sought deadlock , as some people may initially have wished , either in the area of social cohesion – which has been restored as a major objective , one of the key aims of the european union – or that of an appropriate environmental policy – which is emphatically not a threat to jobs and competitiveness . occupazione
above all , they are anxious about their jobs or the difficulty of finding work . lavoro
our citizens are unlikely to be forgiving if we fail to deliver on our promise regarding growth and jobs . occupazione
not only he , but also the luxembourg team as a whole have – as the president of the commission rightly said – done a terrific job , and for that , mr juncker , i thank you , as well as mr schmit and all those who have worked together with us this past six months . lavoro
there is no longer any point in holding debates on the eu ’ s future on the basis of such obsolete ideological concepts as ‘ liberalism ’ or ‘ social model ’ , because jobs cannot be created without growth . posti
the commission has done its job ; as has the european parliament : it has adopted its position by a large majority and , for the first time in its history , showing responsibility and taking account of the economic difficulties faced by certain member states , it has proposed slightly lower figures than those proposed by the commission . lavoro
gentlemen of the council in passing , i would point out that there were very few women there and i think that parity within the council would bring progress in the political habits of that institution so , gentlemen of the council , what has become of your commitments to boost growth and innovation so that everybody can find a good job , a place in our society ? lavoro
what this shows is that social cohesion , sustainable development and the new emphasis on growth and jobs remain priorities shared by the three institutions . occupazione
people want us to be clearer about the objectives , that is to say more jobs , a proper state of affairs in the labour market , social responsibility , international solidarity , the fight against crime , sustainable development and gender equality . posti
in the coming months we will argue positively and enthusiastically for a different kind of europe that goes with the grain of public opinion and not against it ; a europe that gets away from the obsessions of the past and moves forward with the people ’ s real agenda , which is jobs , growth and prosperity . occupazione
mr president , i would like to congratulate mr juncker and his dedicated political colleagues in his excellent diplomatic and civil service on the job they have done over the last six months . lavoro
the first point is that we should not blame luxembourg ; quite the contrary : it did an excellent job with the presidency and showed what small countries can do while running presidencies in general . lavoro
therefore , mr president-in-office , how can you justify cuts in the very areas that people want in terms of research funding , growth and jobs ? occupazione
we also notice that the most sensitive issues today are employment , new jobs , the growth of economic competition and the further expansion of the european union . posti
i find the expression ‘ the same job , the same pay ’ completely outrageous . lavoro
the commissioner , who is here today , is well aware that the budget surplus — what a budget surplus you achieved when you were responsible for finance in ireland , mr mccreevy ... it makes us jealous ... — is well aware that the quality of public finances makes a contribution to confidence when it comes to promoting economic growth and job creation ; that is what the european union needs at the moment and that is what we aspire to . posti
i would like to end by thanking mr karas , who has done a commendable job , for his attitude and his work . lavoro
they worry about globalisation , about job security , about pensions , about living standards . lavoro
look at our children and the technology they use and the jobs market they face . lavoro
this is modern social policy , not regulation and job protection that may save some jobs for a time at the expense of many jobs in the future . occupazione
on jobs , labour market participation , school leavers , and life-long learning we set targets at lisbon , but frankly , at present we are nowhere near meeting those targets by 2010 . posti
this does not mean that we should abandon the search for a better-balanced budget , reflecting a good compromise between existing spending on our tried and tested policies , in particular cohesion and our new policy agenda for growth and jobs . occupazione
it is not by chance that the first major commission initiative to implement the revised lisbon strategy was the march communication on better regulation for growth and jobs . occupazione
by that i mean the growth that they create , which itself is needed in order to create jobs , but not only for their own sake ; they must be worthwhile jobs , secure and properly paid so as to enable people to live decently from them – that is what we , in europe , are aiming for ! posti
second , much emphasis is being placed upon the lack of ability on the part of europe to deliver on things like the lisbon agenda and creating more jobs . posti
europe is as incapable of creating jobs as the british government is of creating jobs . lavoro
secondly , our ability to deliver jobs for our citizens and economic security for their families is central to our continuing success . posti
precisely by creating a free market for services , we can give our people jobs and give consumers freedom of choice at fair and reasonable prices . posti
that is the sort of thing we need , although – as mr schulz said – we also need jobs that confer dignity , particularly in view of enlargement . posti
i am convinced that the example of the dynamic new member states , which have implemented colossal changes over recent decades , can revive the often ossified european economy , and bring jobs , growth , a secure , family-oriented and citizen-friendly europe . posti
one thing is worrying the citizens of europe , and that is the future : the lack of jobs and answers to globalisation . posti
your principal task internally in europe in the next six months will be to create more jobs through higher growth and the right reforms . posti
i know that even if you succeed – which i hope you will – in achieving this new european budget , we know and you know that most of the effort to create more jobs takes place in the nation state . posti
our citizens are not interested in dreams ; they are interested in standards of living , and whether they will have jobs in the future . lavoro
it is clear that leadership is needed in order to propel the project in the right direction , in order to bring europe closer to the citizens , in order to recover the path of sustainable growth and job creation and in order to give europe a role on the international stage in accordance with its economic , commercial , financial and industrial weight . posti
they talk about jobs , security , crime and immigration . posti
they also support the council ’ s decision on guidelines for employment , which , disgracefully , overlook equal rights and opportunities between men and women , with specific regard to access to jobs , salaries and career development . lavoro
instead of pretending to create jobs with huge spending on armaments , the eu should spend more on civil research programs - and not follow in the footsteps of the united states . NULL
i wish to thank all our staff , without whom we would not be able to make such a good job of serving the people , and without whom we would be unable to cope with so many parties of visitors and so much legislative work . sapremmo
what that means is that the greater laxity with which the stability and growth pact is applied has enabled the member states to achieve a renationalisation of responsibility and hence , in fact , to make it more difficult for the bank to do its job . funzioni
those rules must be applied with credibility and energy , but also rationally , in order not to provide support for the arguments of those people who want to set economic stability and budgetary discipline against economic growth and job creation on the grounds that they are incompatible ; they are perfectly compatible . occupazione
without any shadow of a doubt , this is a crisis of policies that have proved incapable of solving people ’ s actual problems , incapable of sustainably promoting economic growth and incapable of creating high-quality jobs . posti
even worse , and absurdly , the report posits a link between working times in europe and economic crisis , as if the problem would be solved if those still with jobs to go to were to work longer and longer hours , driving themselves to the point of collapse , while more and more people do not even get the chance to make use of their skills ! tratteggia
i would have liked the commission to respond appropriately when your own country ’ s mr de villepin proposed the eventual establishment , alongside the ecb , of an economic and financial government , which would be responsible for both economic growth and job creation . posti
second , our citizens ’ attitudes to the euro reflects the economic situations in their own countries and their insecurity about their futures , pensions , jobs for their children and many other issues . lavoro
we need to bear in mind that well prepared environmental policies can make a positive contribution to competitiveness and to the creation of high quality jobs . lavoro
we know that environmental policies can promote competitiveness and create high-quality jobs . posti
parliament has succeeded in bringing out of this document an approach guided by competitiveness , which will do a far better job of addressing the problems of security of supply , something made all the more important by the fact that europe ’ s current development is characterised by an increasing demand for electricity , which has caused renewed attention to be given to the need for new power stations . compito
. mr president , i would like to start by extending warm thanks not only to our rapporteur , mr rocard , but also to mrs mccarthy , who was our rapporteur at first reading stage , for both of them have done a very good job of guiding us to where we now are in this very difficult legislative process . lavoro
i shall give you one example : in the innovative computer technology sector in ireland , there are 100 00 jobs , 62 000 of which are in small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
if the directive were not clear , it would work to the advantage of non-european businesses and we would be failing in our job and in our duty towards the lisbon strategy , towards the new social project about which so much is spoken and towards development . funzione
the rules on software patents that we are debating here today could well turn out to be a job-creating measure – the jobs in question being created for lawyers , who will have a lot to do if we do not reject the demand made of us today . posti
the revenue secured by patents and by licensing out our inventions to our global competitors gives us a return on the investment and assists us in creating jobs and growth . occupazione
mr rocard has done an important job in attempting to reformulate the framework of the directive , and he deserves credit for it . lavoro
the latter provide jobs for 90 % of workers , and this is something that should doubtless not be forgotten . impiegano
since small and medium-sized enterprises act as the driving force behind the it sector , accounting for 70 % of turnover and 80 % of jobs , both these factors act as obstacles to dynamic growth in this sector . posti
smes are the lifeblood of job creation in europe . occupazione
since 2003 we in the commission have been working on health , education , basic needs , sanitation and water , and also on creating jobs , because what is most important is that people themselves are able to feed their families . posti
rather , it will serve to exacerbate difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises , which are in fact responsible for most of the innovations and account for 70 % of the jobs in the sector . occupazione
whether patent protection is defined in a broad or narrow sense , it is conducive to private investment in innovation , and hence to the creation of jobs for research workers . posti
we also feel that the restriction of long-term public aid commitments to businesses should be strengthened , especially in terms of jobs , as we proposed . occupazione
– i would like to give special thanks to the president-in-office of the council , mr alexander , and start by wishing him every strength and every success in his job and that of the british presidency . lavoro
the former life programme , with its strands on nature , the environment and third countries , had unleashed innovative political impetus and had shown that investing in the environment was the path to follow in the context of sustainable development , and that it created jobs . occupazione
the reserve , with its osprey centre , attracts some 100 000 visitors a year and gbp 1.7 million a year and provides 87 jobs in a previously poor rural economy . posti
up to 125 000 jobs are supported in the eu 15 in nature protection related activities . posti
according to the european apparel and textile organisation , eurotex , the sector could risk losing 1 000 jobs a day and up to a million jobs before the end of 2006 . posti
many poorer countries have , in recent years , become hugely dependent on the textiles and clothing sector , and they , too , are seeing jobs disappear as they struggle to compete with china . occupazione
it is all the more unacceptable given that in my region , for instance , the nord-pas-de-calais , which is hard hit by the restructuring , we are unfortunately well versed in this type of debate , which advocates curbing environmental demands in order , so they say , to protect jobs . lavoro
it is hard to say , but it is not the trousers and t-shirts imported from china that should be counted , but the jobs destroyed and the lives shattered . posti
our factories are closing down with increasing frequency and thousands of workers are left without jobs . lavoro
in italy , 24 000 jobs were lost in 2004 and over 66 000 in the last three years . posti
if we wish to stop china in its tracks and to keep jobs in europe , we should convene an extraordinary wto session to discuss how we can prevent global trade being dominated by a single supplier . posti
at the same time , we should launch the emergency procedure provided for in the guidelines for invoking the safeguard clauses , and set up a new programme to secure funding for regions where the sector provides jobs for workers who would otherwise be unemployed , and ensures that women are not forced into inferior jobs . posti
i myself am from a region , lower austria ’ s , which was for decades on the fringes of western europe and of the free world , and it too had to contend with some similar problems , such as problematic topography and climate , inadequate resources , a small and regional market and a scarcity of jobs . posti
the member state in question has been helped by support programmes from the european union to build up innovative and self-supporting agriculture and to create jobs . posti
there is much at stake : defending europe ’ s clothing and textiles industry and ensuring that many thousands of companies and jobs are not wiped out , with the appalling social and economic consequences that that entails . posti
romania needs political consensus if it is to make a good job of preparing itself for the european union and for life as one of its member states . funzioni
mr president , i would like to draw the attention of the house to a major industrial dispute in my constituency of london which affected many thousands of air passengers around europe – that of the gate gourmet workers , 670 of whom were arbitrarily dismissed from their jobs on 13 august without any redundancy payment . licenziati
the job for all those connected with the irish peace process is immense . lavoro
we have to pool our efforts to organise our civil defence response : that is truly a job to be tackled at union level and no longer just by the member states . compito
there are two things that the social democrats in the european parliament always bear in mind : first , the protection of people and the environment , with a sustainable way of doing business , and secondly our enterprises ’ need for a proper framework and conditions if they are to be able to do business and create jobs for the people whom we – as i said in my first point – want to protect from harm . posti
mr sjöstedt did an excellent job : as well as writing a good report , he went to baia mare , romania , where he visited the site of the pollution . lavoro
what is put together here on – and let this be borne in mind ! – 42 whole pages , is a burden on businesses , puts jobs at risk and is a cause of justified outrage on the part of the public . posti
the rapporteur , mr őry , has done a very good job of work in presenting a compromise in the committee on employment and social affairs , where it gained a majority , albeit an extremely narrow one . lavoro
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , let me start by adding my own thanks to mr őry , the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job of work . lavoro
the commission and the council are always talking about better lawmaking as a means towards more growth and job creation in the eu . posti
the greatest social benefit , the greatest solidarity , is for people to have jobs . lavoro
if we want to achieve the lisbon objectives , if we want jobs for everyone , we must help people to achieve this goal . posti
that is why it is so important that all those disadvantaged groups know that europe exists and that it can provide them with support in finding jobs , in gaining extra qualifications , in changing working conditions , and so on , and it is for that reason that i congratulate mrs jöns on this report . lavoro
at the same time , however , we must not hinder the development of a sector in the throes of a continuous technical revolution , which is very important for our industries and for our jobs . occupazione
i would therefore like to express my hope that we do a good job . lavoro
the report by mr weber , who has worked methodically and has received congratulations on a job well done by the entire committee on culture and education , also extends to other important matters , such as safeguarding pluralism and the major issue for many countries of concentration of the media . lavoro
i would also like to say that the revised directive must safeguard the development of new technologies and new services , in order to guarantee growth of the european economy and job creation , in accordance with the lisbon strategy . occupazione
lastly , i feel that the programme will have a thoroughly positive impact on the citizens ’ day-to-day lives , in that it will meet some of the goals of the lisbon strategy by paving the way for large numbers of jobs to be created in europe and by strengthening european competitiveness through the body of technology and know-how acquired in the field . posti
finally , we should not forget that behind every chinese product sold at a low price there are thousands of jobs lost in europe , and in china human rights that have been denied , the death penalty , repression and child exploitation . posti
increased protectionism cannot in the long term protect european industry and jobs from ever tougher international competition . posti
in my region of the nord pas de calais , there is no end to the jobs being lost in industries . posti
in 2004 , the textile sector saw the number of its jobs drop by 13 % , while non-eu imports are soaring . occupazione
this report proposes nothing new in terms of saving our jobs . posti
as a result of global deregulation , this sector is experiencing serious difficulties , sustaining relocations , numerous bankruptcies and , as a consequence , job cuts . occupazione
following the vote on 29 may , this report and the ideology underpinning it is an insult to everyone who has lost , or is on the verge of losing , their job . lavoro
the commitments made must be respected , and the policy of fait accompli adopted by the large distributors cannot be endorsed , as it would thus put thousands of jobs at risk . posti
millions of jobs and a still promising industrial sector are being sacrificed by a negligent eu policy . posti
as a consequence , european workers lose their jobs , which results in a lose-lose situation . lavoro
europe needs more than ever to invest in infrastructures in order to maintain its competitiveness and its jobs , undoubtedly just as much in the new member states as in the others . occupazione
we must remain focused on the goal of a better balanced budget with a good compromise between existing spending on our tried-and-tested policies , and our new policy agenda for growth and jobs . occupazione
the commission recently announced what it calls its plan d , for democracy , debate and dialogue , recognising that much must be done in order to explain to european citizens why the eu is involved in key issues that concern them , such as jobs , the economy , pensions and so on . occupazione
one of my last jobs in the home office in the 1990s was to set up the criminal cases review commission . incarichi
the current red and green federal government made such a botched job of implementing the european arrest warrant that german law had to give way to the german supreme court , with the result that a terrorist suspect had to be released from custody and the spanish authorities can no longer prosecute him . pasticcio
it is because we , the european union , are not making a good enough , credible enough or convincing enough job of doing what they expect of us . convincente
if we are serious in wanting more growth , more jobs created , more and better research and development , better social security and to fight more effectively against poverty , we need more money and more of the european union . posti
when we talk about tourism in the eu , we are talking about one of our largest and most competitive industries , one that generates the highest number of jobs and that has the biggest growth potential , even in the context of a europe suffering from economic slowdown . posti
this does not affect the commission ’ s role of improving the consistency of its tourism-related measures with the community policies that feed into it , such as transport , jobs , the environment and the internal market . occupazione
when i speculate as to which sectors of the european economy might , in the years to come , make an outstanding contribution to growth and the creation of jobs , tourism is the first that springs to mind . posti
furthermore , i believe that we have all understood the role that tourism can play in terms of growth , job creation and sustainable development . posti
it underlined the importance of tourism for economic development , job creation and the maintenance of individual physical and mental health , as well as stressing the need for the proper management of tourist resources . posti
commissioner verheugen quite rightly pointed out that the rapporteur was right to describe tourism as something that can create jobs , for which it has enormous potential , but i would ask him to admit that tourism is a field that the commission has neglected up to now . posti
there is no need to remind you of the important contribution of tourism , which provides 4 % of the european union ’ s gdp , nor of the seven million direct jobs generated by more than two million companies , the vast majority of which are small or medium-sized businesses . posti
first of all , tourism is an indigenous industry – it does not rely on inward investment – and it is not a mobile industry in the sense that there is no off-shoring or outsourcing of jobs . radicato
the tourist sector in europe can take the credit for creating over 7 million jobs and is among the sectors offering the greatest potential for the creation of new jobs in the future . posti
as vice-chairwoman of the committee on women 's rights and gender equality , i am sure that the growth of tourism will lead to more opportunities , prospects and appropriate working conditions for female employees , who represent the majority of the sector 's workers , as well as businesswomen in tourism and , most importantly , to more jobs for women . posti
in light of its importance at european , national and regional level , of the jobs that it sustains and of the number of businesses , the new technology and the innovation that it fosters , tourism can be considered as one of the areas in which the lisbon strategy can be taken forward . posti
i am from southern baden , in the centre of which is the black forest and where many important jobs do indeed depend on foreign tourists ; this is particularly the case in rural areas , which are doing a successful job of moving from agriculture to the service economy . posti
the phrase ‘ tourism creates jobs ’ is repeated like a mantra , but the cost of such jobs is frequently the mindless breaking of visitor number records . posti
this is an ambitious report and that is why i am interested to know whether the commissioner would like to say something about it and with which proposals and measures the commission would actually like to tackle the job . concreto
very many jobs hinge on it and the vat rate should remain low for hotels in all member states on a permanent basis . posti
the fact is that negative equity is one of the main problems facing the tourism sector ; a great many enterprises are going bankrupt , with the loss of large numbers of jobs . posti
he has already done an exemplary job in this regard and , if we keep up the good work , we can succeed in doing what is best for tourism . NULL
i should like to state equally clearly that i shall never accept the assertion that it is the commission ’ s job to set up a ‘ tourism and the elderly ’ programme . spetta
the need to create jobs and to attempt to raise the standard of living in these regions make it particularly important that our promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises in particular , and of cooperation above all , should take no account of borders . occupazione
mr president , i echo the comments of my group colleague , mr kusstatscher , concerning the many positive aspects of this report , which does a decent job of highlighting the paradox that exists in the developing world when it comes to tourism . kusstatscher
it is only if these conditions are in place that the beneficial effects of foreign travel can be felt to the full , by creating jobs and bringing prosperity , fostering economic development and , above all , stimulating population growth and the life of society . posti
- ‘ concern at the amount of precarious work in the tourism sector , as a result of contractual arrangements , wage levels , working conditions and seasonal factors ’ , and stated that ‘ in order to improve the quality of the services provided and to promote greater social cohesion , investment must be made in creating high-quality jobs and in helping the workers in the sector to obtain qualifications ( vocational training , improved working conditions , promotion of stable contractual arrangements ) ’ ; posti
in this respect , tourism can make a significant contribution towards democratisation and political balance in these societies , as it promotes job creation , helps to develop new technology and contributes towards vocational training . posti
thank you , john , you have done an excellent job . lavoro
thank you very much , and my warmest thanks and congratulations to commissioner michel , who is doing a very important job . lavoro
one opportunity to tell it would have been last thursday in the conference of presidents , when mr barroso could have done the job . doveri
i am not aiming these remarks at mr poettering , for that is not his job . attaccare
i have no quibble with the substance of this ; it is indeed the case that we have to make a better job of making laws , and that superfluous ones need to be withdrawn . ritirando
five months ago in brussels , the commission set out a new strategy for jobs and growth . occupazione
together , let us show that our union meets the needs of its people : enhancing security without threatening liberty ; building the foundation for jobs without undermining solidarity ; gaining eu added value without diminishing identity . occupazione
with the mass unemployment , rapid growth in job insecurity , large-scale poverty and glaring inequalities that we are experiencing , it would be politically irresponsible and socially explosive to remain with set ideas about free competition , restrictions on public spending , social and fiscal dumping and , the icing on the cake , miserly budgets . NULL
they are in tune with what people in europe want when we ask them through the euro-barometer polls – more and better jobs ; preserving social and territorial cohesion ; managing the earth 's resources in a sustainable way ; and reinforcing security in europe and the world as a whole . posti
let us not listen too hard , therefore , to what the markets have to say and let us do our job as legislator . lavoro
had basel ii been accepted in its original form , that would of course be an extraordinarily bad sign for europe ’ s present economic state , and so i want to express warm thanks to the rapporteur for our group , mr radwan , for the extraordinarily difficult job he has done in this regard . lavoro
i think that goes without saying and it is the job of the profession to make sure that confidence is restored and that the various changes that have been made , both within the profession and now by the european institutions , as well as what hopefully the members states will do , will give people greater cause to believe that the standards of the auditing profession are as high as we can make them . professione
we believe , therefore , that the committee has done a good job in tightening the legal requirements surrounding this and making it clear that detention is not imprisonment when you have been accused of no crime . lavoro
it is our job to ensure that the wine on our tables – on the tables of european consumers – is both wholesome and good quality . compito
you know as well as i do that , no matter what the colour of your politics in this place , there is one factor that uniquely unites nearly all of us : whether black , blue , yellow , red or green , we all try our best to represent the people who kindly gave us this job . lavoro
i would also like to inform you that my services are currently preparing a working paper on the cities ' contribution to growth and jobs in the regions . occupazione
all its citizens have the right to education for their children , job security , a healthy life , healthcare , recreation and everything that urban residents can enjoy . lavoro
this is something we must do to achieve the most important objectives of the lisbon strategy , such as increased competitiveness , more jobs , a strengthening of social cohesion , togetherness and solidarity as well as securing sustainable development . occupazione
in brussels , the commission has stated that it , in its work , gives priority to growth and to the creation of more jobs . posti
it has revised the lisbon strategy for growth and employment with this in mind and highlighted the area of policy that can make a decisive contribution to the enhancement of growth and to the creation of jobs . posti
obviously the commission cannot comment on the causes of those accidents : that is a job for the experts . spetta
objective ii , intended to help create more competitive regions and provide new jobs , suffered a budget cut of about 18 % . occupazione
our job as the presidency is to ensure that the conditions are met and that the framework for doing so is agreed . NULL
in europe we have to address the energy crisis through research programmes that can stimulate the technological development of energy systems that are sustainable and competitive – not least in economic terms , so as to create jobs . occupazione
the european union has done a very good job , and this has also been mentioned by secretary-general kofi annan and many others . lavoro
watching jobs dying , watching businesses dying by the thousand , seeing all of these diseases of globalisation , when there is the possibility of developing new customs technology , is an incredible piece of obscurantism . occupazione
according to the official statistics of the european textile organisation , 1 million jobs will be lost in the member states by the end of 2006 . posti
the professional textile and clothing association has signalled the loss of 165 000 jobs since the beginning of the year and projects that one million jobs will be put at risk by the end of the year . posti
therefore the commission 's lisbon strategy , the strategy of growth , jobs and competitiveness set out last february , rests on three pillars : opening markets to drive productivity and innovation ; investing in education and research to enable us to compete ; and reforming labour markets and welfare states to get people into jobs , improve employability and skills and extend opportunities to those whom economic developments are leaving behind . posti
i also call on you to take care of our own people , because , it seems , we cannot expect someone else to create jobs for us , to boost economic competitiveness , and maintain social welfare . posti
as we try to establish what all this means for us , we should consider the situation in the usa , where many jobs have been lost due to the disadvantageous balance of trade with china . posti
whenever we deal with china we should keep the following question in the forefront of our minds : will there be any jobs left for our children ? posti
european firms must of course also position themselves on that market in good time in order to safeguard jobs here at home . posti
rather than putting protectionist measures in place to protect these jobs , the eu must promote the interests of its companies by reminding china of its wto commitments . posti
biomass and biogas production offer environmentally friendly technologies for energy generation that can foster the practical implementation of rural policy in the direction of sustainable development , energy independence and the creation of new jobs . posti
i am convinced that towns and cities play a central role in achieving greater competitiveness , more growth and more and better jobs in europe . posti
in fact , i have asked my services to prepare a detailed analysis on the contribution of cities to growth and jobs in the regions . occupazione
let me assure you that i have no doubts that we need both cities and regions if we want to achieve greater competitiveness , more growth and better jobs . posti
i would just like to remind the house that it was this parliament that campaigned for urban as a community initiative and , in due course , made a successful job of implementing it . sua
what is needed today is an all-embracing approach to urban planning , involving jobs no less than issues around suitability for children and senior citizens , the supply of affordable housing or the development of transport connections . posti
our job will thereby be made that much easier . lavoro
our interests and those of the countries and the people of europe , of our jobs and of our economies must take precedence over suicidal adherence to the dogma of free trade carried to extremes . posti
firstly , in order to achieve the objectives laid down in the lisbon strategy , aimed at establishing a knowledge-based society , the member states must make a clear commitment to lifelong education and training and in so doing help to create jobs in europe . posti
- calls for the promotion of access to high quality jobs , with , first and foremost , a decent wage , as a means of preventing and combating poverty ; posti
- points out , at the same time , that part-time work and low-quality jobs , which mainly affect women , are a factor in the increased rates of women among poor workers , which is a factor in social exclusion . posti
the result of mcjobs or 1-euro-jobs or call them what you will remains the same : even two or three such jobs are not enough to feed a family . lavori
mr president , commissioner , i would like to start by thanking my colleague mrs doyle for doing such an outstanding job . lavoro
they demonstrate the need to advance our agenda for growth and jobs in order to achieve stronger social and economic cohesion . posti
they want living wages from secure jobs , an income with which they can achieve some sort of workable and secure future for themselves and for their children . garantiti
now latvian workers are out of a job thanks to the swedish trade unions . lavoro
is that situation the fault of laval , or is it the fault of a syndicate which puts protecting swedish jobs ahead of the common market principles we have signed up to ? posti
we now have a situation where members are standing up in this house to say that they are defending workers ’ rights in latvia as well as in sweden , despite the fact that the only exact information we have is that latvian workers have lost their jobs because of the actions of some swedish governments and trade unions . lavoro
i do not want a liberal market economy , but a socially-oriented market economy in which the social values are used as a basis , in which we find the answers to globalisation together , secure jobs , and ensure that the social security systems will be set up in such a way as to allow people to contribute to prosperity and thus employment . posti
instead of standing up for the proposal and constructively trying to improve it , ministers in , for example , sweden have shamelessly exploited people ’ s anxiety about globalisation and jobs by portraying the services directive as a great threat . posti
workers not only have the right to form trade unions and to negotiate collectively , but also to defend themselves if their jobs are at risk . posti
let us block the import of chickens , but above all let us take action against the hacks and charlatans peddling terror , who are responsible both for the pandemic of neurosis and for the criminal speculation which is ruining hundreds of poultry farmers and risking the jobs of thousands of workers . psicotica
it has to be said that its 160 experts , who are active around the world , are doing an excellent job of advising you and the member states . eccellente
the conclusions of this meeting emphasise the genuine community of interests between the commission and the european ombudsman in ensuring that both the corrective and the interventionist aspect of the ombudsman 's job are carried out successfully . operato
unless the commission brings forward a detailed analysis of the money required in order to enable the schools to do their job properly , either in providing the special needs education within the schools or providing that education outside of those schools , then we are failing as a union , and , indeed , as an employer of the parents of these children . opera
your job in promoting the plan d – debate , democracy and dialogue – is being undermined by the fact that the council continues to refuse to make law in public . NULL
i believe that the ombudsman does a very good job . lavoro
we should , however , strive for a closer link between representing the interests of those members of the public who turn to their meps , and the work of your own institution , enabling us to make a better and more efficient job of handling their concerns . compito
for these reasons , we have voted against amendments or proposals that would breach the 1.0 % ceiling without , in our view , contributing to the promotion of sustainable growth and jobs in europe . occupazione
naturally , i am sensitive to the problem of the 3 500 jobs that depend on tobacco production in portugal . posti
i therefore believe that efforts to convert this industry must be redoubled , in order to guarantee jobs and the economic survival of producers in portugal and all of the european tobacco-producing countries . occupazione
if it is a matter of human rights , we have every right to interfere ; that is our job . lavoro
the un needs usd 550 million to be able to do a decent job and it has just usd 135 million . lavoro
the money is to be earmarked for the creation of new jobs . posti
while i believe that president barroso means well , i find it regrettable that neither poland nor slovakia has ever received such extraordinary sums of money for job creation , despite having the highest levels of unemployment in the european union . posti
should poland and slovakia , or the other new eu member states , organise riots on a similar scale in order to ensure that they receive comparable funding for job creation ? occupazione
third-generation immigrants , squeezed to the fringes of society , do not feel at home in their new homeland , they have no jobs and no goals to aspire to ; they cannot see a future for themselves . lavoro
globalisation must , on the contrary , be associated with more and better jobs , more opportunities and increased prosperity for all . posti
it does , though , also lead to far keener competition , which can entail serious job losses and be a source of serious anxiety for workers . posti
let us cut through the tangled growth of repetitious verbiage , irrelevant matter and high-flown ideological posturing ; what the own-initiative report called for was in fact perfectly clear , namely extensive investment in human capital , improvements in countries ’ educational systems , the promotion of professional expertise – which is more urgently needed than ever – and the creation of high-quality jobs in line with the lisbon strategy . posti
small and medium-sized enterprises need to be better inter-connected if they are to be enabled to actively participate in a globalised economy and if new jobs are to be created , and the social partners need to be involved in all decision-making processes if the social dimension is to be strengthened . posti
yet , who can hold it against them if they are afraid for their jobs , their future , their democracy and the environment of the planet on which they live ? lavoro
it rightly emphasises that the entire spectrum of education in developing countries is the basic means for creating quality jobs which will safeguard a better life for people in their country of birth , because another issue , apart from poverty , child labour and overworking by women , is the concern being expressed about the brain drain from developing countries , especially in the health professions . posti
instead , we should free up funds to ensure that people who lose their jobs through globalisation are given the opportunity to find a job in another sector . lavoro
if we do nothing for the people who lose their jobs through globalisation , they will end up in a lose-lose situation . lavoro
this means that in a small country like ours , with the thrust of a knife , suddenly we have 0.5 % of our workforce losing their jobs in one single day . pugnalata
mr president , we should allow the courts to do their job without looking for grounds to ascribe blame to countries which certainly do not deserve it . mestiere
if occupational pension schemes are to be a stable means of making additional provision for old age , there must be a guarantee of the risks to employees being reduced in real terms , for they already risk losing their jobs and must not also risk their own voluntary contributions , and the contributions made by the companies they work for , being put in jeopardy . lavoro
that is why there must be an explicit separation guaranteed between the businesses and the institution for occupational retirement provision , so that , for example , the entitlements acquired are not lost in the event of the business going bust or the employee changing job of his or her own accord . occupazione
alongside the decoupling of the risk of job loss from the risk of employees ’ claims on the amassed capital in the event of the business going into administration , there must be minimum standards for occupational pension institutions , which must involve explicit information rights for both the supervisory authorities and the employees . lavoro
i should like to highlight , in this context , the importance of the measures aimed at providing a framework that supports the development of small and medium-sized enterprises , which are the main source of jobs in europe . posti
solidarity between generations is also brought about by creating jobs for young people and by seeking fair solutions for pension funding . posti
what concerns me , mr barroso , is knowing what jobs we will have in europe in five years ’ time . posti
not only jobs in the service sector , but also jobs in industry . posti
what jobs will we still have in europe in five years ’ time ? posti
it is a very good thing that the highest priority is given to the lisbon agenda ; a consistent policy aimed at education , research and growth will create more jobs and thereby make the eu competitive . posti
eu legislation promotes the notion that european work should become cheap labour , the export of jobs abroad and flying the flag of convenience in the member states ’ job markets . posti
it is great to see all the members of your commission here , but we want to see you working much better together , in more integrated policy-making , in order to tackle that crucial issue that you yourself put at the top of your agenda , which is that of competitiveness , jobs and growth in europe . occupazione
how can i go to my constituents and businesses in my constituency to say that the commission is going to work on competitiveness and jobs with this set of 96 disconnected proposals ? occupazione
yes , we should reform , but we need more investment , growth and jobs , and that demands coordination , so let us make a strategy together . occupazione
as you know , there is a conflict in europe today between those who have more rights and those who have fewer , those who have jobs and those who do not , those who have access to good schools and teachers and those who have no such access , as is the case in the suburbs of paris . lavoro
it is therefore necessary , in the framework of the lisbon strategy , to address the issue of the under-representation of women in the workplace and the fact that they are often forced into badly paid jobs that require no qualifications . lavori
mr president , the european commission ’ s work programme for 2006 is going in the right direction as regards social responsibilities , labour law and jobs . occupazione
this step is an important one in terms of completing the single market and will lead to the creation of many new jobs . posti
that is why the efforts invested in creating a european institute of technology constitute an important aspect of our strategy for growth and jobs . occupazione
globalisation will continue to have us by the throat for as long as we , by means of our support programmes , send far too much money up in smoke , make it inevitable that jobs will go elsewhere , fail to apply proper sanctions to those who refuse to play by the rules and turn a blind eye to its real causes . puniremo
i will naturally pay attention to the voting list in the next few hours , but let us say that the greater part of my job is done . lavoro
unless we keep this in mind , we will destroy europe as a productive base , destroy its jobs and , hypocritically , export environmental damage outside its territory to other more vulnerable parts of the world . posti
in europe , environmentally driven industry is growing twice as fast as industry as a whole and is an incredibly important tool for creating jobs and sustainable growth in a knowledge-based economy . posti
it is a matter of protecting not only their health but also their jobs . lavoro
in my own country , ireland , pharmaceutical industries account for eur 37.4 billion in exports and account for almost 40 000 jobs directly and indirectly . addetti
all of us here are keen to guarantee the competitiveness of the european chemical industry and thus to protect jobs . occupazione
it goes without saying that they have packaged it as a noble attempt to protect health and the environment , yet it will mean bankruptcy for small and medium-sized enterprises , and cannot fail to deprive hundreds of thousands of people of their jobs . lavoro
the law of unintended political consequences already says that the effect of reach will be to export jobs . posti
germany is the third-greatest chemicals producer in the world – behind the usa and japan , but ahead of france , china and italy ; within the european union , it accounts for over 25 % of the turnover from chemical products and for one in every four jobs in the chemicals sector . lavoro
these are figures of which you simply have to take note , for they are important , not only for germany , but also for the european union , when it comes to maintaining jobs . posti
we have understood that our fellow citizens have been made ill by toxic substances that contribute to our jobs , our comfort and our happiness . lavoro
however , we must not forget that these costs will be borne solely by the industry , that this directive affects 5 million jobs and that it will have serious consequences . posti
reach affects industry throughout the whole of europe ; in other words , we are talking about several million jobs . posti
the only kind of legislation that we can accept is one that creates at least as many new jobs as it might eliminate . posti
when tabling our proposed amendments , we in the committee on industry , research and energy were guided by a concern for protecting the environment , protecting health and safeguarding jobs . posti
i repeat , ' we can have a tangible example of application ' mainly by expressing the expectation that the european chemical industry will respond in the way it knows best – in other words with innovation – so that not only will it adapt but also it will strengthen both its competitiveness and jobs . occupazione
mr president , i should first of all like to express my warm appreciation and thanks to mr sacconi who has , i think , done an excellent job . lavoro
amid this difficult situation , guido sacconi , rapporteur for the committee on the environment , public health and food safety , has to my mind done an excellent job , and the result obtained in the committee was an indication of how valuable his work has been . lavoro
if we do a good job this week , then our environment in 11 years ’ time will be quite different from now and we will have caused nothing short of a revolution in the union . lavoro
there can be no such thing as a true compromise between those who are afraid of losing their jobs and of what the future brings , and those who are worried about the health of their children . lavoro
several studies carried out in the czech republic indicate that as many as one fifth of jobs could be lost , with profits also falling in related sectors , such as the automobile industry . posti
you can perhaps imagine , therefore , what a huge job it is . lavoro
our job is to justify what we do so as to secure public understanding and support for what we are negotiating at that very important ministerial meeting . compito
. it is all too tempting to say that if you were to persuade those with whom i am negotiating in the wto that we are slashing our agricultural tariffs , then you will have done a better job of persuading them of the weight of our agricultural offer than i have . lavoro
nevertheless , through patient dialogue and , i hope in due course , negotiation , we should be able to make some necessary and important improvements that will be of benefit to our respective business communities and , therefore , to jobs and livelihoods on both sides of the atlantic . posti
those former producers also provide a considerable amount of jobs through these other economic activities . posti
it does not have special instruments at its disposal for forecasting the restructuring of enterprises and future economic and labour developments in each sector of the market and in each type of job in island , rural and outlying areas . lavoro
it is my firm belief that the free movement of workers is one of the major driving forces behind the european union ’ s economic growth , by which i also mean job creation . posti
in this regard , we shall not forget that most iraqis are still struggling for their children to go to school , for their hospitals to be opened in order to fight the most ordinary diseases , for access to water , jobs – the basics – and for their livelihood . lavoro
we have always tried to work towards meeting the basic needs of the population such as water , sanitation , healthcare and job creation . posti
it is too dangerous for our people and they would not be able to do their job properly . compito
i believe that the necessary transformation of energy and transport systems in our part of the world should become an important lever in the lisbon process and should be able to create some impetus for creating new jobs and export opportunities . posti
in the face of this threat , therefore , we have an unprecedented opportunity to launch a real technological programme , enabling us to foster the innovation that we desperately require in order to create new jobs in europe . posti
the proposal to see whether we can simplify the way in which employers have to give compliance reports on 20 separate directives on health and safety at work should lessen the burden on employers , giving them more time to focus on workers ’ needs – maybe on creating jobs – than on paperwork . posti
europeans must have rights at work , but they must also have jobs in which they can exercise those rights at work . posti
therefore , if people have two contracts – two jobs , one person – then they can evade the limit , entirely unregulated and unprotected . lavori
we will undeniably restrict employers ’ flexibility to adapt to changing businesses and seasonal demands and , in doing so , will threaten the very jobs on which workers ’ livelihoods depend . posti
reforms are still needed but , for many europeans , the word ‘ reform ’ has a negative connotation and is synonymous with job losses and the scaling down of society . posti
hence the emphasis on greater labour flexibility , mobility and support for relocations , which shed jobs and lead to greater unemployment and a more precarious labour market . posti
the citizens of the union are aware that no government on its own can provide answers to the most serious of today ’ s problems , such as unemployment , the lack of job stability , the loss of competitiveness , international terrorism and illegal immigration .  
that means that the old european economic and social model will not work to deliver prosperity , social justice and jobs in the way it used to . occupazione
the regulation of chemicals within the eu must give proper protection to workers , consumers and the environment while , at the same time , being workable and maintaining the competitiveness of european industry and thereby ensuring jobs . occupazione
if the directive becomes a reality in that form , it will constitute , at a global level , the best guarantee for protecting health from dangerous chemical substances , without jeopardising thousands of jobs , or putting small and medium-sized enterprises into an impossible situation , nor giving away any manufacturing secrets . posti
that is perfect , you are making the presidency ’ s job easier by sparing it political arbitration . evitandole
governments and citizens in europe need to believe that structural change and possible job losses in agriculture will be balanced by the creation of new jobs and new opportunities in other sectors . posti
they are crucial to growth and jobs in europe and are a vital part of the lisbon agenda . occupazione
to conclude , i will do my utmost to make a success of hong kong , to lock in the progress we have made and to establish a platform for us to finish the job in 2006 . lavori
this scenario is best avoided if possible , because whilst the poorest countries are at risk of becoming the victim in this , the significance of the wto , that has , after all , contributed to more economic growth , more development and more jobs over the past 50 years , cannot , and should not , be underestimated , even if this organisation needs , as a matter of urgency , reform in order to bring about more transparency , more efficiency and , above all , more democratic control . occupazione
unfair competition from china is killing our businesses and putting millions of jobs at risk . posti
this is why we ask the european commission to show its courage by intervening to protect manufacturing and jobs in europe . lavoro
after all , one third of our jobs depend on exports , and small and medium-sized enterprises are affected most of all , for they employ two thirds of our workers , who in turn pay 80 % of the taxes . posti
i have found in my time in this job that it is very easy to play to a gallery . funzione
if we get this right – and i think the commission is getting it right , but we need more information – we will do a very good job for promoting the european union . contribuire
with this in mind , i hope that the report by mr parish , who has done a good job , will be adopted tomorrow , and would like once again to congratulate the commission on its level-headed attitude . lavoro
research and development creates jobs , and the work to be done in it can and must be funded by patent protection . posti
the key to our resolve will be to secure an approval procedure that is transparent , fair and consistent ; a procedure in which the commission candidates disclose relevant information as to his or her professional capacity to do the job to which he or she will be assigned . compito
our regulatory framework , which has been in place since 2003 , establishes conditions for competition , investment , growth and jobs , while guaranteeing basic consumer rights . occupazione
whatever the case , we can say that the information / communication sector boosts the development of european economy and facilitates the creation of jobs . posti
i accept that it can be difficult to quantify the positive benefits in terms of job creation , but i am also convinced that suddenly reapplying vat to labour-intensive services will have a negative impact . occupazione
the period of application of this directive , which allows the member states to apply reduced vat rates to certain activities so that the corresponding jobs can at the same time be maintained , has been extended twice . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , who would dare announce today the slashing of 170 000 jobs in the countries long established in our union ? . posti
it has created jobs . posti
in france , for example , the btp ( public buildings and works sector ) estimates that 60 000 long-term jobs have been created . posti
applying reduced vat rates in the context of energy saving work would benefit consumers and businesses alike and represents a potential source of jobs that cannot be relocated . posti
there is no doubt that the council should take note of our position which is strongly in favour of the renewal of this facility which is strongly labour intensive and which seemed to be an experiment which succeeded and which created new jobs . posti
in terms of jobs and services , these are areas which could really ignite economies throughout europe at the moment , given that tourism is one of the growing areas . posti
as regards the catering sector , which is an important source of jobs in europe , there is no doubt that the application of the reduced vat rate will produce the same advantageous effects in the member states seeking to apply this measure . occupazione
i therefore call on the council to assume its responsibilities and to reach an agreement that makes it possible to free the potential for job creation in labour-intensive sectors . lavoro
nor should we be reticent about highlighting human rights abuses in other countries ; i will give you one example from germany , for there , too , people are currently being excluded from certain jobs and there is excessive police violence and this needs to be said openly in this house . lavori
it is with remarkable steadfastness and short-sightedness that this parliament welcomes the benefits of globalisation and that it reserves solely for developing countries its thoughts with regard to the protection and diversification of economies , the necessary acknowledgement of national interests , the freedom to choose the rhythm and speed of liberalisation or , furthermore , the preservation of jobs . occupazione
. the opinion that the development of international trade contributes to economic growth , development , jobs , and indeed a better environment in international relations , is , i am pleased to note , a widely held one . occupazione
the member states , too , must take greater care in selecting them and put up only those contenders who really are up to the job . compito
we feel that , as this is a one-off measure , it can help to promote job creation and to reduce the parallel economy . occupazione
this would not only lead to the liquidation of enterprises and job losses , but it would also boost the already thriving black market battery import , which presents an increasing environmental risk . posti
what we need is regulations – even with a potential review within five years – that can ensure the achievement of environmental targets in the long term , and the preservation of jobs in the affected industry and distribution sectors for the next five or ten years . posti
that does not mean that she has washed her hands of it , far from it ; she has done a fine job of work , and i would like to thank her warmly for it . lavoro
she has taken an open approach and we have been able to discuss many compromise amendments , and we also know that she has had a difficult job to do , because this is an issue in relation to which you cannot imagine the number of different interests at play and hence the pressure we face . compito
what this parliament cannot do is try to take over the job of land-planning that is the responsibility of the regional authorities , which is the impression i got from the speech – in english i believe – by my compatriot joan i marí . funzioni
what we are talking about is a means of investing resources to create new jobs , instead of continuing to pay out to the large oil companies . posti
to achieve the lisbon goals – growth , jobs , competitiveness and investment – and to promote administrative simplification and cost reductions , we need appropriate tax policies . occupazione
mr president , one consequence of the lack of a single strategy for tax is that the standard of the state ’ s welfare provision at the heart of europe can no longer be maintained , and this is becoming more and more the prime cause for jobs being moved elsewhere and lost to us . posti
it is growing investment , new jobs and high and increasing tax income that creates social protection . posti
it is not the countries with the low tax rates – which obtain new investment and new jobs – that threaten social protection . occupazione
for example , discrimination often forces people into unskilled labour and insecure jobs that almost always provide poor pay and therefore a poor standard of living . precari
every day , men and women suffer discrimination when they try to access jobs and services , particularly due to their sex , their origin or their religion . lavoro
it will adopt a similar approach in the negotiations on the financial perspective , and parliament will support it with a view to providing the european union with a budgetary framework that will enable it to fund the activities in which it is required to engage with a view to developing quality jobs and protecting the environment . posti
since it has taken two to achieve all of this , and i do not want to be entirely negative toward the council , i would like to congratulate the british presidency , in which i must confess i did not have too much confidence at the beginning , but which in the end has been up to the job . altezza
we must not forget that , at the end of the day , we have 23 million smes in europe , which represent no more and no less than two-thirds of all jobs in the private sector . occupazione
the ppe-de also lays emphasis on the completion of the internal market , the optimal running of which is crucial for all of our businesses , for all of our jobs and for our consumers . posti
this research is the key to our future jobs . posti
without a collective effort , the strategy on growth and jobs cannot succeed . occupazione
it was very laborious , but now the job is done . compito
mr alvaro has done an excellent job as rapporteur , and the deal struck between the major groups without reference to the house is unprecedented in its serious undermining of our working practices . lavoro
here we continue to work closely with the commission in pursuing the jobs and growth agenda for europe . occupazione
while i am on the subject of financial frameworks , let me say that my colleague mr walter always does a brilliant job of analysing the things that are put before us . walter
it is a budget that must provide for competitiveness and jobs for our young people . posti
. – mr president , if you sat down and deliberately tried to plan the family christmas from hell , you could not do a better job than the british presidency has managed to achieve in the last six months . meglio
sixthly , we saw that all you were prepared to propose on the controversial issue of the union ’ s income , or own resources , were a series of botched jobs to keep your associates who want to pull the community budget apart happy . abborracciature
here the debate is not about the roads that have not been built or the jobs that have not been created in the new europe . posti
you are , in fact , right : journalists do not do their jobs very well - far from it – but to award this sakharov prize to reporters without borders also goes to show that , in spite of everything , there is an awareness of just how vital journalists are for democracy , in the same way as elected representatives are . mestiere
in their cases , it is a job and a half mobilising you , the press and even , at times , ourselves , as though double standards were being applied , as though some lives were worth more than others and as though there were some freedoms that affect us and others that do not . mobilitarvi
we appreciate the firmness shown by commissioner frattini and endorse his support for the work done by the council of europe , but we cannot delegate our responsibility for political vigilance and our duty to ascertain the truth to any other institutional body : it is our job and our responsibility . compito
we support and applaud the efforts they are making to get there on time and to achieve their goal , but that is a job for the romanian authorities . compito
please do not invent new issues and get down to the job of resolving the important problems . impegnatevi
let me assure the honourable member that we remain committed to securing a european solution that respects national labour practices whilst providing appropriate levels of worker protection and promoting european competitiveness in line with europe ’ s jobs and growth objectives . occupazione
– madam president , i thank the minister for his reply , but i should like to ask if any such measures will be included in future planning for development , job creation or mobility , which we are celebrating in 2006 . posti
this agreement will build on the outcome of the mid-term review of the lisbon strategy agreed at the european council in march , which set out a new strategic focus on jobs and on growth . occupazione
the core insight that the surest means to tackle poverty is to provide somebody with a job – one of my main political convictions – must also be recognised . lavoro
the council has expressed support for future comprehensive multilateral negotiations , which reflects its wish for substantial progress in world trade liberalisation , securing continuing global economic growth , increased job creation , prosperity and sustainable development , and addressing the concerns of civil society . posti
i should like to ask the minister , in the spirit of christmas , by wishing him well , if he does get that job at the airport , could he do something about direct flights to strasbourg ? lavoro
if i do not manage a job in brussels airport , perhaps i will manage one in frankfurt airport , to where i often have to travel , given the length of the questions i face here in this chamber . lavoro
ladies and gentlemen , i must not end without mentioning in particular shellfish gatherers , the majority of whom are women of over 50 years old whose health suffers directly as a result of their work and who in many cases do not have the right to unemployment benefits , to health services or to job security . lavoro
the traditional role of women in fisheries and the various modern forms of participation in the women 's job market by areas with fishing activities were certainly strengthened decisively following the commission conference in 2003 and the start of networking of this specific category of workers . lavoro
it is also essential that the balance of fisheries resources be maintained so as to guarantee that fish supplies to the public are not interrupted , jobs are not lost and fishermen ’ s living and working conditions are improved . posti
the job they do with such passion is demanding , tough and dangerous and their income is dependent on too many uncertainties . lavoro
often in debt , and subject to the continually rising price of diesel , fishermen and their families live with the fear of not being able to make ends meet and of losing their jobs . lavoro
on the contrary , it has contributed to the loss of thousands of small-scale fishing jobs and to the social insecurity of fishermen , without achieving convincing results with respect to the conservation of resources . posti
i should like , however , to begin by expressing my thanks , because this job has been difficult but , at the same time , extremely satisfying . lavoro
they have done a splendid job and made our work easier . lavoro
i welcome the fact that this agreement is an instrument that will protect fisheries activities and jobs in fishing fleets , and the fact that it upholds the general principles for preserving fisheries resources under the common fisheries policy . occupazione
i therefore welcome the fact that job creation and the promotion of growth are to be viewed as the paramount aims of state aid . posti
what are the obstacles that make it more difficult to take up a job in another eu country ? lavorare
women ’ s unemployment and the shortage of sources of subsistence make it possible for criminals to trap their victims with simple lies of well-paying jobs abroad . lavoro
i would like your continued help in explaining not only to your own electorates but also to our wto partners that the european constituency remains ambitious for the dda , that we are deeply committed to its development values , but we will not be able to settle for an outcome that has nothing in it to enhance european growth or competitiveness or that can help us in creating more jobs to offset those that are lost in europe as agricultural production falls away . occupazione
i think you did a wonderful job , but could you explain why the eu is continually being blamed – particularly by the united states – for holding up the talks ? lavoro
we also see our media running reports on the relocation of jobs almost to the exclusion of anything else , and certainly not about the creation of new jobs or the additional prosperity that world trade brings . posti
as bill clinton rightly said in montreal , clean technologies and energies are a new economy that will create new business opportunities and new jobs . posti
what we are proposing does not , then , do anything to jeopardise any business or put even one single job at risk ; on the contrary , the long transition periods make it possible for existing businesses to continue operating . lavoro
i have already explained how the long transitional provisions secure the port workers ’ jobs , and , at the end of the day , there will be no danger of social dumping or of any deterioration in working conditions , for it is stated quite explicitly in this directive that it does not interfere with member states ’ social security arrangements or with free collective bargaining . posti
i do therefore believe that fair market access combined with protection for jobs and of the existing businesses ’ interests is the best solution . posti
at the end of the day , the most important thing is that what is at stake is a lot of skilled jobs ; families and livelihoods are at risk , and that is what this is all about . lavoro
i have not , so far , heard a single reason to justify putting these jobs at risk and needlessly jeopardising social harmony in europe ’ s ports . posti
that said , we have to listen to bizarre and untrue assertions about filipino dockworkers poised to take over the jobs of port workers . lavoro
as a result of compulsory periodic tendering for operators , the people who work there could lose their jobs when the contract expires . lavoro
this succession of patch-up jobs belies an impulsive move made without any serious impact study . rattoppi
i believe that companies have the right to choose workers freely but they should firstly take on those workers who have already been doing certain jobs and whose employment contracts are still in force . mansioni
it is said that there is a need for greater competition in this sector to promote growth and job creation , but if this directive is applied , at what expense ? posti
dockers could lose their jobs , the security systems could break down and the safety issue would be jeopardised . lavoro
the rapporteur , mr jarzembowski , has certainly done an excellent job and tabled some relevant amendments , but it has to be said that even he cannot accomplish miracles . lavoro
consideration should therefore be given to the people who work in the ports , the dockworkers , who are at risk of losing their jobs , whilst freight should be handled safely and efficiently . lavoro
mr president , that there are problems in certain european ports is not a matter of doubt ; what is less certain is that the present commission proposal will do an adequate job of addressing them . affronti
the threat of a trend towards a non-permanent workforce will lead to a lack of job security , lower skills levels , lower wages , a deterioration in working conditions , and will have a detrimental impact on the surrounding communities . occupazionale
the ports directive would lead to a distortion of competition because the ship owners ’ own staff would take over the job of loading and unloading . svolgerebbe
even though mr jarzembowski has done a splendid job , there is little chance of this house improving a bad directive when one is put before it . lavoro
many job opportunities would probably be lost , and a lot of activities transferred to the lease-in industry , the result being poorer conditions and less security for workers . NULL
i want to say to mr jarzembowski that this law would be devastating for jobs . posti
port owners tell me that over 600 new jobs at felixstowe and over 750 new jobs at harwich would all be threatened . sarebbero
not one of 650 jobs at the port of tilbury would be safe . posti
on investment again , in great yarmouth a campaign for more than a decade to build an outer harbour would see this put in competition with the existing inner harbour , substituting existing jobs rather than expanding jobs and services in an area recognised as a priority to tackle unemployment in the whole of the european union . posti
i remember how , when telecommunications deregulation was , at one stage , debated , it was maintained in all seriousness that telephone calls would be a thing of the past and that those who worked within the industry would lose their jobs . lavoro
in actual fact , there have been more jobs . posti
i would say both that the debate was useful and that your committee has done a really good job . lavoro
a port like marseilles needs european competition that is fair and equitable if it is to defend its assets and its jobs . posti
in any event , mr president , i should very much like to thank the european parliament for its contribution to the success of these important negotiations , which will enable the european union to increase the opportunities for its air transport industry , which i believe is an industry that deserves credit for creating jobs in europe and for showing us a particularly dynamic side to europe and a europe in which the development of transport goes hand in hand with a high level of security and with high-quality transport . posti
trafficking in human beings , which is controlled by a real mafia-like multinational of organised crime , feeds on the desperation and poverty of men and women who flee their own countries of origin in search of jobs and a better life in the rich countries of the world . impiego
the european bank for reconstruction and development has done a good job in ukraine , but it could intensify its activities . lavoro
in so doing , it would better guarantee continued activity in the production regions , safeguarding hundreds of thousands of jobs directly and indirectly related to the sector . posti
finally , the reform is antisocial because it ignores the plight of thousands of farmers and sugar factory workers who will lose their livelihoods , and who will find it hard to find new jobs . lavoro
it is important that some of this compensation should go not only to the farmers and industry , but also to the workers who are likely to lose their jobs as a result of the reforms . lavoro
the commission considers the smes to be a special group which is to be supported as it provides a large number of jobs . posti
accordingly , we proposed , and continue to advocate , an increase in production quotas at the coruche factory in portugal to 120 000 tonnes of sugar beet , in order to guarantee economic viability , jobs and sugar beet production , given the good conditions in portugal and the major shortfall in sugar production in relation to consumption . posti
the people who worked in them lost their jobs and received no compensation , and the refinery owners and sugar beet farmers received no compensation either . lavoro
this reform is inevitable and painful , but if you have to jump through fire , you may as well make a good job of it . bene
while the eu is committed to cutting back sugar production to bring it into line with world trade rules , the french overseas departments are on a diametrically opposite course , which consists of further increasing production in order to ensure that sustainable jobs are maintained and created , and that the fragile balance of both farming and industrial operations is preserved . posti
i am not implying that any ngo intends to exert a harmful influence on social developments , but i do request that it not be implied that parliament is not up to its job . compito
to close , i believe that an important job has been done and i wish to congratulate the rapporteur on her efforts . lavoro
that is what i call a good and responsible job of a politician . lavoro
he did a good job . lavoro
it is the key subject of the spring summit , for without jobs , without the prospect of finding work , it goes without saying that the people of europe will become increasingly apprehensive . posti
no politician can promise jobs today ; to do so would be rash . posti
everyone knows , and you know best of all , that with 1 % of europe ’ s gross national income , as in the present budget , or with 1.045 % or 1.1 % , it is not possible to create millions of jobs . posti
we have to realise that smes could be the only real job machine in the union . occupazione
under our presidency , i should also like to invite the european social partners to join us in the pursuit of these goals – jobs , growth , energy security – and i have already had very good talks with the european trade union confederation and the employers ’ organisation unice . occupazione
we must in fact see to it that the union is ready to get down to the job on 1 january 2007 . lavoro
mr president , growth and jobs are the core preoccupation of our citizens . occupazione
i should like to thank the european parliament for its support and look forward to continuing working closely with you on the growth and jobs agenda . occupazione
nobody seriously continues to contest that the priority should be on growth for jobs . occupazione
the message we need from the spring european council is that europe has made a credible commitment to structural reforms and is determined to exploit fully all its potential for growth and more and better jobs . occupazione
let us be frank about this : the services sector and small and medium-sized enterprises are the most important drivers for the creation of jobs in europe . posti
if we can provide that through the european and national ground rules , jobs can then be created too . posti
you said that the people of europe wanted growth and jobs . occupazione
yes , you are right there : growth and jobs . occupazione
liberals and democrats look forward to working with you for greater economic competitiveness and more jobs . occupazione
however , the people do want a europe that deals with jobs , economic growth , the environment , and cooperation in fighting crime and terrorism . posti
the chairman of my group also underlined , as you did , how important it is for this spring presidency to promote more growth and more jobs . occupazione
it may also prove instrumental in helping to meet the expectations of eu citizens in areas such as education , job creation , labour flexibility and cohesion policy . posti
we need a strong commitment to economic growth , which will create jobs ; we need aid for small and medium-sized enterprises – as you mentioned – as well as budget reform and measures to address the important issue of immigration . occupazione
you say that you intend to create jobs through energy policy . occupazione
economic growth , more jobs – this is the topic of the presidency conference to be held in march . NULL
we expect the austrian presidency to propose initiatives in conjunction with national governments to ensure that smes , which create the majority of jobs , are encouraged to take root and develop in these countries , as well . posti
the austrian presidency ’ s intention to work for growth and jobs , competitiveness and the lisbon agenda is most laudable . occupazione
the best service we can render to lisbon , growth and jobs is to open labour and services markets . occupazione
having said this , i take a great deal of pleasure in pointing out that , by rejecting mr jarzembowski ’ s report today , we have clearly opted for the principle of ‘ jobs for our own people first ’ . posti
by introducing self-handling , this text threatens not only the jobs of thousands of workers in european ports but also the safety and security of goods and persons , because these workers are made to compete against crews who are employed on a casual basis and who often have no professional qualifications . lavoro
our main aim has to be one of defending the european jobs of european workers and , for us in the , one of defending the french jobs of french workers . posti
– under the proposal for a directive , employees doing the same jobs can belong to different union organisations . lavori
for the second time , attempts to liberalise port services have been defeated , following a significant mobilisation of the workers in the sector , who , from the very outset , have fought against this new onslaught on jobs with rights . lavoro
having attacked our public services and our textile , coal and iron and steel industries , these taliban of free trade are now , therefore , attacking port workers by seeking to impose their anti-national philosophy , which consists of giving preference to foreign workers in the job market . occupazione
as always , the , for its part , is in favour of defending french jobs . posti
in 2003 , the european commission achieved the feat of getting thousands of basically french , british , german , belgian and dutch dockworkers onto the streets in order to demonstrate , sometimes violently , against a draft directive that would jeopardise their status and lead inevitably to large job losses in their profession . posti
through a system of invitations to tender , private companies will be able to use their own crews in ports , while permanent dockworkers will lose their jobs . posto
i would like to underline the considerable progress made since the initial considerations and congratulate the co-rapporteurs for the job they have done and also for their ability to take on board the many views expressed during the intense discussions in committee . lavoro
that is also why the commission wants to focus on policy priorities addressing citizens ’ concerns on growth , jobs , employment and security . posti
as we discovered in ireland some years ago , there was an irrational fear in some people when they voted ‘ no ’ , a fear of the huge influx of immigrants taking all our jobs , stealing our social welfare and ruining our country . posti
what they do want is a europe that becomes competitive , creates jobs , combats terrorism and cross-border crime , that pursues proper external policy , and that , at long last , simply does what it is expected to do . occupazione
we know that the main reason for many people breaking out is because they do not have jobs . occupazione
it therefore makes economic sense for the european union to take climate protection measures on the grounds of energy efficiency – and your house frequently debates energy issues – that also create new jobs . posti
they are the backbone of the european economy , a major breeding ground for jobs and growth , and we need to make the most of their potential . occupazione
not only has there been recognition at all levels of the priority given by smes to growth and jobs but , at long last , serious work is now being done across the board on taking the necessary steps to enable smes to really fulfil their tremendous potential for growth and job creation . occupazione
large enterprises will not help us to achieve these objectives , as their tendency to cut jobs is also set to continue in future . posti
i differ fundamentally from her in that i am firmly convinced that it was not until the charter policy was integrated into the new growth and jobs strategy that the policy for smes became top priority in europe . occupazione
i simply cannot understand how it is possible to say that large enterprises should have their place in this growth and jobs strategy but the smaller ones should not . occupazione
it also specifies the daily challenges faced by smes and proposes measures for enhancing their ability to grow and create jobs . occupazione
the communication supports the european partnership for growth and jobs , which recognises the importance of promoting an entrepreneurial culture in europe and creating a favourable political environment for smes . occupazione
in the years ahead , we shall see millions of cases where enterprises pass into new ownership , and failure to manage these correctly could put millions of jobs at risk . posti
it should not be forgotten that if the eu does not take measures now , it will be confronted in ten years ’ time with millions of small and craft enterprises going out of business , with the attendant risk of millions of job losses , which will exacerbate poverty , the desertification of rural areas and social exclusion . posti
europe has 25 million small- and medium-sized enterprises which , in employment terms , provide no fewer than 95 million jobs . posti
these small enterprises provide well over half of private jobs in the eu and are of great importance to regional , cultural and social development , including in rural areas . lavoratori
in the current difficult economic climate , it is often small and craft enterprises that continue to create wealth and form the main source of employment , with local jobs that maintain social cohesion by nourishing the whole territory of the eu . posti
the establishment of companies and creation of jobs require conditions attractive for business start-ups as well as favourable funding opportunities . lavoro
i visited the rafah border crossing and i must say that general pistolesi and his team at the eu border assistance mission are doing an excellent job . lavoro
the second relates to the target of full employment – 70 % of people in work in europe – taking account of the fact that some countries in northern europe , like the united states , have already exceeded that threshold : there is no doubt that the presence of women in the job market is not only what women want but also what our entire community needs . lavoro
i very much welcome the fact that , for many countries , having to talk of ‘ employment rates ’ now rather than the somewhat malleable concept of ‘ unemployment rates ’ signals an important departure , in the same way as having very accurate and precise statistics on all work-related activities and on the role of women in the job market will signal an important departure . lavoro
irish women are paid 17 % less than irish men for the same work , so it is clear , as mrs estrela says , that growth and jobs alone will not bring gender equality . occupazione
other speakers have spoken about discrimination and the problems which women face today on the job market as regards their access and deployment and the particular problems which vulnerable groups face in our society , such as female immigrants and elderly women . lavoro
that is why i should like to ask the european commission to address the issue of the different concepts and methods used to calculate participation in the job market . lavoro
stating that urgent measures must be taken to promote jobs , high-quality jobs and the social inclusion of women in order to achieve the lisbon objectives is simply not enough . occupazione
as such , in addition to increased unemployment among women affected by the restructuring and relocation of multinationals and by industrial sectors affected by the liberalisation of internal trade , such as textiles , clothing , footwear and many others , the new jobs being created are increasingly precarious , badly paid and discriminatory , and fail to respect the rights of female employees . posti
women hold the key to achieving the lisbon strategy ’ s overarching goal of creating more growth and jobs in the european union . occupazione
the member states and the commission should continue to focus on taking effective measures in support of growth , primarily among europe ’ s poorest regions , where the lack of jobs forces people , primarily women , to accept jobs with large retail chains in many member states involving humiliating working conditions , unacceptable hours and extremely low pay . lavoro
there is basically no sensible reason at all for treating a job in the household differently from a job in industry or commerce . posti
if a husband and wife go out to work and someone is engaged to do the housekeeping , that is a job , not a private pleasure . lavoro
on the other hand , if our families were provided with competent domestic services – both in caring for and raising children and young people and in looking after and nursing the elderly – large areas of social work would be effectively covered and valuable jobs created at the same time . posti
new jobs created for women tend to be insecure and poorly paid , and women ’ s pension rights are considerably lower than men ’ s . posti
the own-initiative report on which we are being called to vote today , whose rapporteur , mrs estrela , i honestly congratulate , together with the committee and honourable members who participated today in the debate – because they truly have enriched the subject with their ideas – will help to realise this objective , while safeguarding the much-debated equal treatment and the qualitative improvement of the opportunity for women to participate in the job market . lavoro
they are a resource which must be maintained through lifelong learning and developed in quality jobs and new forms of services , such as part-time employment , teleworking and flexible hours which are chosen of their own free will and will not end up splitting women 's personality to the point at which they become schizophrenic . posti
this is the time to take the necessary measures to ensure , without giving up on excellence , that men and women have equal access to these new jobs . posti
what we need , therefore , are appropriate legal measures , the consensus of the whole of society , and the readiness of both female and male citizens to take on the responsible yet wonderful job that we call parenthood . lavoro
the council stated in its decision that only 10 % of these restructuring funds should go to producers – including those in the developing world – and that the remainder should go to the sugar industry without conditions imposed , thus enabling it to fund its decommissionings without having to take job losses and the needs of the region into consideration in any way whatever . dismissioni
small enterprises are crucially important to creating jobs in the member states and thus to europe ’ s future development . posti
they create jobs and wealth . posti
. smes are the backbone of the european economy , job creation and regional development . posti
the involvement of smes is therefore a vital factor in implementing the objectives set in the lisbon strategy aimed at fostering sustainable growth and creating more and better jobs . posti
men and women require , above all , to work in societies where economic growth leads to more and better career and job opportunities , thus enabling the higher degree of social provision this report states it wishes to see . occupazionali
. the aim of the eu ’ s economic , social and environmental renewal , as projected in the lisbon strategy , was to turn europe into the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy , with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . posti
through my job , i have very frequent contacts with staff of the hcr and i can tell you that the work of these officials is extremely difficult . di
there is clearly an urgent need to ensure that conditions are in place that allow representatives of international organisations to do their jobs , as well as to promote the emergence of a free press and respect for trade union rights . lavoro
i should also like to join in congratulating the eu ’ s election observation missions in general and those who have been active in the palestinian regions in particular , for their job must have been particularly difficult . lavoro
i would also like to thank the staff of the european parliament who came with us and who did an outstanding job in very difficult circumstances . lavoro
i have received many words of thanks that i should like to share with them : they did an extraordinary job . lavoro
the situation will become worse if the threats of orders being placed elsewhere and of multinationals relocating are actually carried out , the latter having led to the loss of more than 6 000 jobs . posti
‘ farm-fed chickens ’ , a long-standing poultry factory in coleraine announced its closure with 350 job losses , and ‘ barber threads ’ in lisburn was a casualty with 85 job losses in the textile sector . posti
we cannot go on haemorrhaging indigenous jobs in the pursuit of what really is an unacceptable dogma . posti
with nothing to do , no school or no job , young people become irresponsible . lavorare
i would like to emphasise two of the most relevant fields that should be ensured for all : decent work and equal pay for equal job . lavoro
my opinion is women hold the key to achieving the lisbon strategy ’ s overarching goal of creating more growth and jobs in the european union . occupazione
consequently , i hope that the assessment planned by the commission is objective and that it is not based on the belief shared by some in this assembly , namely that there is no need for a framework because the market , and nothing but the market as a whole , is equal to the job of regulating postal services . obiettiva
the goal of postal reform is not preserving jobs , nor of course reducing them . posti
jobs can also be lost without liberalisation – as a result of technological modernisation , for instance . NULL
the fifth area for joint discussion is how to make the partnership work : we call it ‘ how to do the job together ’ . chiamiamo
our citizens are not worried about the nitty gritty details of institutional reform , they are worried about their jobs , they are worried about europe ’ s 20 million unemployed , so i certainly very much support your new approach which moves away from one-way communication to reinforced dialogue , from a brussels-based to a more decentralised approach , from – as you say in your communication – institution-centred to citizen-centred communication . posti
in that respect , we have done a good job . lavoro
in many cases , centralised decision-making does not benefit organisations that want to protect these jobs , the environment and safety . posti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to thank mr markov because i believe that he has done an excellent job , including in terms of mediation . lavoro
it is the commission ’ s job to ensure that member states are doing their job . compito
mr president , i should like to thank mr markov for doing such a good job . lavoro
i welcome the adoption – albeit only partial – of some of the proposals that we tabled , especially the acknowledgement that poverty and marginalisation are underlying causes of the rise in the trafficking of women and that prostitution is not tantamount to a job . lavoro
mr president , has launched a hostile tob for , threatening nearly 50 000 jobs in europe . , which was born out of the ecsc , enabled the iron and steel industry to be adapted to the new world order at the cost of unprecedented financial and human efforts , which are liable to be written off as a loss . posti
many jobs depend on trading relations with china and the number will increase in the future . posti
if this rate of development in the sector is set to continue , many jobs will also be created . posti
we only have to look at the german example , where between 1998 and 2002 , employment in the energy sector doubled to approximately 125 000 jobs as a consequence . posti
the use of biomass and new technologies will create jobs and business opportunities , and so they are a good thing from this point of view as well . posti
moreover , we should be creating a lot of jobs , as this is one of the few spheres in which we are , in fact , clearly creating new jobs in europe and are rightly heading in the direction of increased growth . posti
that created jobs in the forestry sector , in agriculture , and for local installing engineers , so that today , indeed , oil merchants have gone over to selling pellets . NULL
the use of renewables also has a largely positive influence on the rural economy , which is where the new energy plants will be located , with the creation of new jobs . posti
i support the report and i would like to thank the rapporteur for doing a good job . lavoro
it is also a raw material for the wood processing industry , and serves to create numerous jobs and high added value . occupazione
. i would like to move the following oral amendment , which has been agreed with the shadow rapporteur of the pse group : ‘ whereas state aid which does not distort competition is a permissible means of promoting economic development and can thus be one means of promoting the lisbon agenda for economic growth and jobs , alongside other tools , including community funding , such as the structural funds ’ . occupazione
this latter measure is worth emphasising , because i feel that the eu needs to do more to help smes , which are a real spearhead of innovation and job creation in the europe of 25 . posti
i am glad that parliament was able to make this legislation sensible by doing our job , and i am pleased to vote for it today . lavoro
in its first ten years of existence , the european internal market has chalked up some considerable successes , not least the creation of 2.5 million new jobs . posti
it is precisely for that reason that all its remaining loose ends need to be tied up , but the legal and administrative hurdles that the commission has put in the way of service providers have demonstrated to us how fragmented the european services markets are in reality , resulting in needlessly high prices , consumers losing out as a result of insufficient competition , and missed opportunities for increased growth and job creation . posti
the presidency will – in close cooperation with your house , but of course also with the commission – be pressing for an even-handed directive , one that will to a large degree take into account the misgivings that have been voiced about the present proposal while also creating the legal basis for a functioning internal market in services that will make the best possible use of our potential for growth and job creation . posti
we have now been informed that , according to two studies – one from copenhagen and the other from vienna – the possibility exists of the services directive resulting in the creation of some 600 000 jobs . posti
by definition , we need a compromise – a compromise that honours and respects the principles of the treaty and forms part of our programme for growth and jobs . occupazione
today , the two main sectors that can create jobs in europe are services and small and medium-sized enterprises . occupazione
even though this is just the first step , i really do not think that there is any strategy more social than one that creates high-quality jobs . posti
this is crucial for fostering entrepreneurship , a vital element in promoting growth and jobs . occupazione
it will make european service providers more able to compete ; it will help to create jobs in this sector and will give consumers and commercial customers greater freedom of choice . posti
we want a directive that really does make us better able to compete internationally , that ensures the rapid integration of the new member states into the internal market , a directive that enable us to make the best possible use of all our potential for growth and job creation while remaining faithful to the principles of the social market economy . posti
down the route of reform lies a dynamic , competitive union which creates jobs , wealth and opportunity for its citizens . occupazione
if we can create a single market in services to rival our single market in goods , we can raise gdp by nearly 2 % and create up to 2.5 million new jobs . posti
greater productivity , more jobs , higher wages , stronger companies : these are all within our grasp and that is why i urge the house to vote to make europe a dynamic marketplace for jobs and services . posti
it is a challenge to this house , through voting for the amendments passed in the internal market committee , to fashion a directive that allows europe to walk the walk and not just talk the talk of liberalisation , and that creates new jobs and does not just protect the status quo . posti
this week sees us voting on the services directive , which , if implemented , will be capable of creating 600 000 new jobs in europe , provided that it is adopted in the same form as it has been by my own industrial committee or in that approved by the committee on the internal market . posti
the vote on the services directive gives us at the european level the opportunity to make our contribution to the lisbon strategy , for we do indeed know that the member states are making heavy weather of at last doing what they said they would , and it would be a sign of this house ’ s bankruptcy if we failed to send out a clear message about the need for more new jobs . posti
today , we can expect to see 30 000 well-organised trade unionists trying to prevent the creation of 600 000 new jobs . posti
it also offers benefits to private individuals in the shape of more choice and freedom , especially to workers , in that it will bring more employment , and employment – that is to say , more jobs – is the best kind of social policy . posti
the risks to women relate basically to the creation of jobs for women and to women ’ s working conditions , as well as to their status as consumers of services . occupazione
it is also worrying that the commission has not carried out an analysis of the social and employment impact , particularly in view of the effects we have seen in the case of previous liberalisations , which have led to the destruction of many jobs and have also often eroded social cohesion . posti
parliament must do its job as a legislator , otherwise the european court of justice will impose its case-law , which could be dangerous . lavoro
if we as parliament want to shoulder some of the responsibility with regard to the strategy for growth and jobs , a sound services directive is our instrument . occupazione
the potential for creating 600 000 jobs is not something we can simply ignore . posti
instead of looking to the left or right , we should look at the total package that is before us and that will help us a long way in our common search for more growth and jobs . occupazione
madam president , in the tension between totally free market access and the preservation of indigenous national employment , i unapologetically see the priority as protecting local jobs . posti
what this directive does do is to remove bureaucracy and legal uncertainty ; it creates economic growth and jobs whilst maintaining social security . posti
with respect to the future of kyoto , i am very much in favour of making progress and of an offensive approach , but this approach must not put any jobs at risk of being relocated from europe to countries that still pay no attention at all to climate protection . posti
any measure that increases mobility at the same time increases job security . lavoro
i am quite sure that , as part of your presidency , you are planning further measures to increase mobility and thus job security . occupazione
nevertheless , in general it gives our young people an opportunity to increase their mobility and opens up to them a european market in interesting jobs and career opportunities . lavori
with regard to this specific directive , i can tell you that the commission has declared 2006 to be the european year of workers ' mobility , that there will be a job portal , eures , an improved version of which is going to be presented at a meeting in the next few days , namely on 20 / 21 february in brussels , where the starting pistol will officially be fired . occupazione
this meeting will include discussion of the topic of ' mobility , a tool for more and better jobs ' , and this discussion will continue in workshops . occupazione
if we want to give europe 's young people career opportunities throughout europe , we must naturally also be prepared to set up programmes during training and to grant subsidies , so that young people can have a first taste of this mobility in the context of such programmes , leading to them being able to get jobs in other european countries later in their careers . occupazione
while the promotion of the free movement of services fits within the framework of the lisbon process , being necessary to achieve growth and jobs , the proposal that was before us , turned out to be a quick-fire solution , one which , whilst it may be lethal , can also have positive effects . posti
we must not forget that it is companies that create jobs . posti
the services sector is a growing part of our economies , offering major opportunities for jobs and growth . lavoro
let us take stock of the undeniable progress constituted by this text , because our job as legislator has only just begun . lavoro
we want a better europe , where service providers can create european jobs and meet consumer needs legally . posti
only a genuine internal market for services can create the jobs we need so much in europe . posti
the services sector creates the most jobs , but cheaper service providers are prevented from accessing the market . posti
those who defend the existing european union provisions on services argue that they are fighting for their citizens ’ jobs and fighting against a rise in unemployment . posti
the european economy is crying out for development and the citizens of the member states are crying out for jobs . lavoro
given that services amount to 70 % of the income generated within the union and provide jobs for the majority of europeans , we ought to be doing everything in our power to ensure that this sector can develop without unnecessary bureaucratic obstacles . lavora
if we get it right , we can open up the market , boost jobs and growth across the eu and help europe compete globally with the booming services market in india and china . occupazione
i believe that if we get it right it will be a victory for parliamentary democracy and a boost to jobs and growth for future generations of europeans . occupazione
the incomplete market has created nearly eur 1 000 billion of prosperity and 2.5 million additional jobs in europe . posti
the services directive could deliver 600 000 jobs more . posti
on the contrary , all of the studies show that it will bring 600 000 new jobs , eur 37 billion for the economy and an end to discrimination . posti
the services market offers marvellous opportunities to many , and innovative and quality jobs can be created in the services sector . posti
the result of the discriminatory restrictions affecting the cross-border flow of services is that small and medium-sized enterprises are missing opportunities to develop and create jobs . posti
protectionism does not create jobs . posti
i would like to say that the best kind of social policy is one that generates economic growth and creates jobs . posti
politicians have been either unable or unwilling to explain to the citizens that the freedom to provide services results in new jobs and faster economic growth . posti
the adoption of the directive will make life easier for consumers and entrepreneurs , accelerate economic growth and create 600 000 new jobs in europe . posti
it is your job to defend the services directive , not to defend protectionism . compito
if we now accept a directive full of new obstacles that are conflicting with the spirit and letter of the founding treaties of the european union , we cannot hope that the lisbon programme , intending to create jobs and new european growth , would be successful , because we would actually restrict this market for another 30 years . posti
resistance to opening up the services market fully carries with it the risk of losing a key stimulus that would accelerate the union ’ s economic growth and create new jobs . posti
i think that the rapporteur has done a very good job . lavoro
it is because we are all basically agreed that an increased trade in services will provide more jobs , more new companies , increased growth and greater competitiveness . occupazione
it means fewer new jobs and fewer new companies . lavoro
what we have instead is a division between those who want to see the trade in services produce further european integration and cooperation , borders that are more open and a greater number of new jobs , and those who take a different view . occupazione
it is good for business – in particular for smes – and it is good for jobs . posti
just as a single market in goods has provided new , more and better jobs , so will the services directive , if we vote through a strong and liberal version . posti
i believe that in europe , when people go to another country to work , it is much easier for them to work in manual jobs , in under-recognised jobs , even if they are highly qualified , because corporate egotism does not allow anything else . manuali
analysis by the european commission shows that in the period from 1992 to 2002 measures taken to improve the eu internal labour market and to open up the eu ’ s internal borders increased the eu ’ s gdp by 1.8 % and created two and a half million new jobs . posti
the european commission ’ s analysis also shows that a properly functioning eu internal services market could bring about equal growth in the economy and jobs . occupazione
it is important that the message that comes with this debate and the vote on thursday is one of europe moving forward in proposing a framework for a better services directive which will provide the incentives and confidence necessary for businesses , entrepreneurs and consumers to take full advantage of our internal market by investing in new opportunities and developing and buying new services which will create more jobs and growth . occupazione
the existence of barriers in the european market in services leads to higher prices , restricted economic growth and fewer new jobs . occupazione
are lower growth , fewer jobs and higher prices really what europeans want ? posti
above all else , europeans want more jobs . occupazione
small and medium-sized enterprises create the most jobs . occupazione
if we could create a dynamic single market for services , around 600 000 new jobs could be created in the eu . posti
mr president , i must inform you that , for several years , the company l.g. philips has been axing jobs not only in the constituency of dreux , but also in aix-la-chapelle , the netherlands and hungary . posti
we must also make much more of an issue of the connection between migration and job creation . occupazione
recognising voluntary prostitution and the laws governing a profession means recognising a series of rights and duties ; among the rights – to mention a few – are those of living freely and safely , of carrying out one ’ s job free from slavery and of marrying , given that this is not permitted in some countries . lavoro
– madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , a friend of my 20-year-old daughter recently told me , jumping for joy , that she had got herself a job as a hostess at the world cup . saltando
when i asked her how this had come about , she – a sporty lass – told me that she had got the job by applying to the german sports association . chiesi
in this instance , i am sure that this is a proper job offer , but imagine that you live in poverty and your daughter announces that she has the chance , this summer , to travel to germany , where a super job is waiting for her . lavoro
thousands of poor women are lured by the promise of a decent , well-paid job , only to be forced subsequently into prostitution . lavoro
however , a relocation also means job losses and tragedies for the families that are the victims , and that is something that affects us . posti
specialisation and changes to the location at which economic activity is exercised form part of economic development and are needed if we want growth and more and better jobs . occupazione
however , the commission knows full well that company relocations , as mr hutchinson stressed earlier , and the loss of jobs within the union are very worrying phenomena . posti
the objective of the structural funds , during both the current and the next programming periods , is job creation , growth and further economic progress . posti
increasing shareholder revenues are no consolation to employees who lose their jobs because their company relocated to the developing world , or even just to a different region of the european union . lavoro
thirdly , where relocations result in job losses , there is a need for an instrument to help those affected , and that is what the globalisation fund could be . posti
over-regulation creates artificial jobs , which are not economically justified . posti
it is true that relocation results in job losses in certain countries , but only in the short term . lavoro
research has shown that , in the long term , additional jobs are created following relocation . posti
research undertaken amongst 600 german undertakings by mckenzie , a firm of consultants , has confirmed that transferring jobs to eastern europe promotes the creation of additional jobs in germany . posti
for 40 % of the undertakings studied the creation of one job abroad meant that three new jobs were created in germany at the same time . lavoro
mr president , as an elected representative of the french region of nord-pas de calais , whose industries – particularly the textile industry – lose thousands of jobs each year , i obviously approve of the proposal designed to demand the repayment of the european aid granted to companies that relocate their factories . posti
in order to have any hope of preserving our jobs and our way of life , we will have to re-establish our commercial borders and introduce a social vat on imported goods . occupazione
this report is intended to stress the need for every necessary step to be taken to prevent the offering , under european regional policy , of incentives for business relocations that result in job losses . posti
furthermore , we have to put an end to the independence of the european central bank , which always promotes the interests of public borrowings to the detriment of those of the job market . lavoro
the european commission recognises and endorses the fact that the problem of relocation and the loss of the relevant jobs is a seriously worrying issue . posti
thus , when i ask for enough funding for technological research , i am not doing it for my own pleasure , but to develop the economy , and hence to create jobs for the future , here in europe , and to prevent businesses relocating outside europe . occupazione
as you will have noticed , i have attempted throughout my report to stress the fact that restructuring is necessary , because in my view it ensures that our businesses remain economically competitive and thus safeguards jobs . occupazione
this involves setting up permanent retraining units to help people to find new positions as soon as possible after losing their jobs . lavoro
it is , however , usually the case that the new jobs are not the same as the jobs that have been lost . posti
greater use must be made of the structural funds to support economic and social change in the regions and to retrain the workers most affected by restructuring so as to help them secure new and better jobs . posti
the aim of this fund is to ensure the necessary level of solidarity in the future between those who benefit from trade liberalisation and those who will lose their jobs as a result of globalisation . lavoro
i know , for example , that , following last year ’ s closure , 75 % of former electrolux employees in västervik have now already obtained new jobs . lavoro
there has been cooperation between the company , both sides of industry and the local community with a view to creating new jobs . occupazione
each employee must be able to get an answer , through information , help looking for a new job , and so on . lavoro
we feel it is essential that company restructuring should only take place when it is for the purpose of saving jobs and helping the business to develop , and never simply in order to increase profits at the expense of redundancies or for purely financial or speculative reasons , as is happening with increasing frequency . posti
we therefore believe that a strong regulation is needed to combat such restructuring , which leads to investment without jobs and to thousands of redundancies . occupazione
so let us cancel lisbon mark 2 and let national governments and local councils of member states do the job they were democratically elected to do . lavoro
these issues set the european union the challenge of the economic competitiveness of our companies and of job security for european employees . lavoro
in the minds of european employees , relocation and restructuring are connected and practically synonymous , because they have the same effects : the same loss of their jobs after years of working in the same sector , sometimes even in the same company , and the same questioning of their value on the labour market . posto
the best way to preserve jobs is to create new jobs . occupazione
i say that because , as mrs sartori has said , there has been legislation to ensure that men and women are paid the same for the same job for more than fifty years . lavoro
nevertheless , we are in 2006 and many women still earn less than men for the same job or have contracts that do not correspond to the work that they are actually doing . lavoro
will it have a practical and significant job to do , or will it mainly be a way for the eu institutions to demonstrate their ability to take action ? lavoro
in the long term , they are undermining europe ’ s ability to maintain its position in the world , create lasting jobs and accrue the resources for a more equitable society . posti
the charter of fundamental rights , a politically correct , left-wing policy document enforced by an equally politically correct office for fundamental rights , along with job quotas and the other measures proposed in the now deceased but ever-looming european constitution , are framed by the same ideology . occupazione
however , it is important to bear in mind that the structural funds must be tools for development and social cohesion , not weapons for a war between our regions , because , even in the richest countries in the european union , there are still poor regions where workers watch with despair as their jobs disappear , often leaving them with no possibility of retraining . lavoro
the interests of employees and protecting jobs must be at the heart of our political concerns . occupazione
instead of establishing a new monitoring body , we should make it the job of the commission to monitor closures as a result of restructuring and discriminatory tax systems . compito
in other words , in addition to totalling the number of jobs that have been lost on account of the opening up of the markets , we must factor the jobs that have been created into the equation , not to mention the advantages to the consumer . lavoro
it is precisely this aspect of feedback that seems to me to be lacking in this report , and yet it can be one of the motors for economic growth and job creation within the framework of the lisbon strategy . posti
even though there are , again , encouraging signs of growth in the digital sector , these will do more to put an end to jobs than to create new ones , for the fact is that the high-tech sector is a particularly mobile one , moving first to the eastern member states and then , in due course , to such countries as india and china . lavoro
here in europe , more than 40 000 footwear jobs have been lost and more than 1 000 footwear companies have closed down since 2001 . posti
the commission ’ s growth and job strategy is built on the idea that europe must commit itself to equipping today ’ s europeans to respond to this challenge and to create tomorrow ’ s jobs . occupazione
most of all , can the commissioner explain to us how we can convince the workers in the european shoe industry , who are at risk of losing their jobs as a result of unfair competition , of the benefits to be derived from globalisation of this kind ? lavoro
commissioner , you have got an impossible job . compito
you simply cannot do your job and you are overseeing a regime that is laced with protectionism and sheer hypocrisy as we , of course , subsidise our own agriculture and will keep export subsidies in place until 2013 . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , you have supplied us with the figures : today , footwear production in europe has decreased by around 30 % , import prices have fallen by more than 20 % and , above all , the sector has lost nearly 40 000 jobs . posti
as other members said , we lost thousands of jobs and hundreds of productive units disappeared in the european textile industry yesterday and today it will be the shoe industry . posti
that has serious consequences for the competitiveness of the european footwear sector which , faced with this flood of very low-priced imports , is seeing a number of tragic bankruptcies , to say nothing of the job losses that go with them . posti
in all these respects , i would like to see us , in future , demonstrating more consistency and making a better job of keeping to the rules . attenessimo
i have met with representatives of both management and the workforce , including trade union representatives from gmb , and they are united in stating that jobs and livelihoods are at stake should the commission impose anti-dumping duties on this particular sector . posti
- it is not third countries that are responsible for the closure of businesses and the loss of jobs ; it is the eu , which is at the head of the queue to promote competition and liberalisation of international trade and which maintains the euro at a level that harms manufacturing and exporting , as in the case of footwear . posti
the european central bank supports economic growth and job creation in the euro area . posti
madam president , commissioner , the necessary institutional respect and caution does not prevent us from making political assessments of the decisions of the institutions , as in the case of the european central bank , whose interest rate rise , at a time of low economic growth and lack of job creation in the european union , is rather worrying for millions of spaniards , millions of european citizens , millions of small businesses throughout europe and millions of families with mortgages . occupazionale
one of the objectives of the communication is to improve the way that young people are being prepared for their future lives , future occupations and jobs . occupazione
the commission believes that the benefits of entrepreneurship and education in the field of entrepreneurship should not be measured merely by the number of new companies or innovative enterprises and new jobs . posti
after all , jobs only arise where something is being offered for sale . posti
contributing more through the lisbon strategy process of social coordination involves developing active functions of social protection and demonstrating added value on the basis of the jobs and growth created . occupazione
from this point of view , the bauer reports reminds us that measures need to be taken which aim to prevent early departure from education and training and help students who graduate with poor qualifications in particular to move into school and the job market . lavoro
one of the single most important solutions is not , as is often argued , a job ; it is actually education : education from pre-school , certainly primary education , and at a minimum through to secondary education . lavoro
employment obviously plays a key role , but it must be remarked that too many of our homeless , and indeed our poor , actually have a job . lavoro
it is therefore clear that the job must be a quality job with decent pay and conditions if it is to have an impact on resolving the issue of poverty . lavoro
in the old member states it raises concerns about job losses , and in the new member states the concerns are about stopping production and wholesale redundancies . posti
for every job created in a hypermarket , five to eight are lost in the surrounding area . lavoro
they should be offered the opportunity to find new jobs , new professions or new markets for their products . posti
i believe that the most socially committed country is one that creates the conditions for high-quality jobs and ensures equal opportunities for its people . qualificati
and high-quality jobs can be ensured through investment in human capital , lifelong learning , the encouragement of flexibility in the labour market and through legislation that favours the economy . lavori
these are the groups that suffer disadvantages in obtaining and maintaining a job , the wages received , welfare , healthcare , education and access to cultural assets . lavoro
if children do not attend school , they will not have jobs to go to . frequentano
such children will not enter the job market , as they can only do those things which are unsuitable for the job market . NULL
therefore , the basic priority ought to be the eradication of the causes which make children unsuitable for the job market . lavoro
i wish to congratulate both rapporteurs on the job they have done . lavoro
i acknowledge the huge job done by them in tabling these amendments . compito
the amendment to the financial regulation has been an immense job of preparation , and one that is very technical and tough-going . lavoro
the rapporteur , mrs grässle , has done an excellent job in dealing with the commission ’ s draft , and we now have an excellent proposal before us . lavoro
and every little contribution that we can peacefully make to that is a job well done . pacificamente
the governments of the member states have the task of better explaining the urgency of implementing this partnership for growth and jobs to their citizens . occupazione
concrete objectives and timetables are a useful tool for accelerating the implementation of the planned reforms and achieving better results in terms of growth and jobs . occupazione
the commission 's annual progress report also makes an important contribution to the process of the renewed lisbon strategy for growth and jobs . occupazione
the commission has not proposed updating the guidelines for growth and jobs , which means that these guidelines will continue to be fully applicable . occupazione
there are around 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises in the european union , providing almost 75 million jobs . posti
measures to strengthen and promote small and medium-sized enterprises as the backbone of the european economy can therefore make a significant contribution to growth and jobs . occupazione
finally , the subject of energy will also play a particularly important role , not only because of the importance of the sector in generating jobs and growth , but also , of course , in the light of recent events . posti
i hope that this legislation can then be adopted swiftly , as we need to make progress in this area if we are serious about growth and jobs . occupazione
i also want to stress the need for social cohesion to be considered an integral part of the growth and jobs creation strategy . occupazione
the commission is keenly aware of the need to ensure high-quality jobs and avoid precarious working conditions . posti
we need to involve social partners in our discussions on jobs and labour markets . occupazione
next week the european council must show a similar commitment to growth and jobs . occupazione
i also welcome the fact – this is not my job , but i am pleased as the chairman of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats – that one of the leaders of the greens is now here . compito
entrepreneurial spirit means creating jobs . posti
it is now a very one-sided strategy for growth and jobs . occupazione
we call for courageous , concrete , verifiable european actions from the member states for growth and jobs and for energy policy . occupazione
growth is what is needed to stabilise our social security systems ; redistribution alone will not do the job .  
we all want economic growth and jobs ; we all want the economies of europe to thrive . posti
the economies of the eu do not need a lisbon strategy : they need to be left alone to let markets work and to let entrepreneurs create jobs . posti
– mr president , it goes without saying that the lisbon strategy ’ s goals – of 20 million new jobs , a 3 % average annual growth in gdp , and a similar increase in the amount spent on research and development – are the right ones , but i have to tell mr lehne that the problem lies not in the destination , but in the strategy whereby it is proposed that we reach it . posti
let us consider the present-day realities : our economic growth is averaging out at 1.5 % and we have created only something like a quarter of the new jobs we hoped for – and very badly paid ones at that . posti
as we all know , increasing competitiveness mainly requires an increase in productivity , which in turn threatens jobs . posti
we must not allow our citizens ’ jobs and well being to be viewed as less important than the laws of the market and international trade . occupazione
the discussion of this resolution was far more constructive in parliament than last year , and i hope that this bodes well for the hoped-for implementation itself of the renewed strategy for growth and jobs . occupazione
after all , the european public are still being promised more growth and more jobs , but let us not pull the wool over each other ’ s eyes , for paper can wait . posti
it should be positive about globalisation , but it should , above all , be sure to implement measures leading to more new companies and new jobs . posti
in order to achieve the objectives of growth and job creation , gender mainstreaming in the lisbon strategy needs to be enhanced , especially in the broad economic policy guidelines and the employment guidelines . posti
the time has come to ‘ lisbonise ’ the eu and adopt a budget that will promote growth and more and better jobs for all , including women . posti
when we talk about jobs , we are not talking about just any old jobs , for we have come to recognise that the great social question of our time is whether we will , in amidst the storms of globalisation , succeed in making available sufficient well paid and skilled jobs . posti
our concern is not with just any old jobs ; what matters is that they should be jobs that will last in times when competition is getting tougher . posti
it is , after all , no part of the commission ’ s business to prompt opposition politicians in the member states to do their jobs and to ensure that this issue is put on the agenda . lavoro
– mr president , in times when dividends and profits are rising , and managers ’ salaries with them , the jobs available are doing the opposite and decreasing in number . posti
looking at europe as a whole , as many jobs are hit by restructuring as by insolvency . posti
in austria alone in recent years , between 15 000 and 20 000 jobs are estimated to have been lost to the new member states . posti
it is commendable and necessary that the european union should be looking into this problem with the aim of anticipating the consequences of restructuring for employees , but it is the eu ’ s duty to establish an economic and industrial policy that is dynamic and concerned with preserving and creating jobs for europeans , as well as social and territorial cohesion . posti
instead , we should invest our energies in improving the basic conditions in which a greater number of long-term jobs might be created by more companies . posti
it is commendable and necessary that the european union should be looking into this problem with the aim of anticipating the consequences of restructuring for employees , but it is the european union ’ s duty to establish an economic and industrial policy that is dynamic and concerned with preserving and creating jobs for europeans , as well as social and territorial cohesion . posti
more than 400 employees are out of a job , and that is without mentioning the subcontractors who are losing one of their main customers and who will also have to lay people off . lavoro
the job market would gain from this being done . lavoro
– to establish criteria governing the conditions under which it shall be permitted to carry out restructuring ( in order to save jobs and increase competitiveness and not purely , for example , for the purpose of making a profit ) ; posti
the lisbon ‘ strategy ’ , which is supposed to offer us a brilliant future , will be a bitter failure , and a few extra funds by way of support are not going to save the casualties of an industrial sector that , in my region of the nord-pas-de-calais , has seen its jobs destroyed for nothing . posti
the destruction of jobs in france and in an enlarged europe will continue , despite our churning out tonnes of paper , which only express our powerlessness and our submission to the rules of unfettered globalisation and of the ultraliberal approach of zealous europhiles . posti
since the structural funds we have at present are inadequate , i welcome the creation , as an expression of our solidarity , of a special fund , amounting to eur 500 million per annum , for retraining and help with switching jobs . lavoro
i wholeheartedly back the bauer report , which commends the measures put forward by the commission aimed at helping the member states to recognise the difficulties facing people at a disadvantage and to support the integration of such people , to boost job creation , training and career development , the reconciliation of professional and family life and the right to equal access to healthcare and decent accommodation , and to ensure the sustainability of social protection systems . posti
while we are fully supportive of the efforts of the president of the commission and some member states to reduce burdens on business and impediments to job creation , we are concerned that some of the measures outlined in the resolution could lead to higher costs on business and detract from the over-riding priority of making europe more competitive in the global market place and thus significantly reducing unemployment levels . posti
particularly important to the public and consumers in this regard are trends in prices , which are negatively influenced by a lack of competition , and considerations of job preservation . lavoro
it also holds true , however , that jobs can only be safeguarded in the long term if enterprises are competitive . occupazione
open and competitive markets are key drivers for growth and jobs in europe . occupazione
however , i sincerely hope that we are all aware that open and competitive markets are key drivers for growth and jobs in europe . occupazione
it was rightly mentioned that this is what we promised to deliver in the lisbon agenda : more jobs , better jobs and economic growth . lavoro
as guardian of the treaties we will do our job fairly but firmly , as was rightly said by the austrian presidency . lavoro
we badly need to do our job as quickly as possible , for it is indeed quite hectic in merger country . lavoro
he is doing one of the most difficult jobs in the world just now , which was not made any easier by yesterday 's events . compiti
to follow up on the summit , we must now ensure constructive and effective contributions by all partners to attain the commonly agreed objectives on political and economic reform , growth and job creation , human rights and gender issues , education and management of migration , regional stability and the fight against terrorism . posti
two sub-regional conferences , one in the maghreb and one in the mashreq , will pave the way for government and civil society representatives to examine the importance of gender equality for economic and social development and propose practical measures to improve women ’ s access to jobs and public life . lavoro
what we would like to achieve , with more trade , is also the creation of more jobs – that means more jobs for more young people – as also , of course , trying to provide the right prospects for the labour market , and sustainable development that takes account of social and environmental imperatives . lavoro
i should like to finish by saying that it is a job well done by the un today , and i think it will add credibility to its stance on human rights issues . lavoro
of course , there is also a knock-on effect in terms of impact and job creation and in population retention in rural areas . posti
i refer , of course , to the winemaking sector , which accounts for tens of thousands of jobs in my region , southern france , and hundreds of thousands of jobs around europe , and which is currently enduring a major crisis . posti
three hundred workers will lose their jobs and 3 500 farmers will be very badly affected . posto
i am not saying that removing price regulation or that lower levels of regulation will automatically lead to lower prices , more choice for consumers or the creation of new jobs . posti
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr trakatellis , i must congratulate you on the truly excellent job which you have done on such a complicated issue and agree with you on many counts , especially as regards the increase in the financing framework for the programme . lavoro
that is why the relevant amendment has been tabled – amendment 157 – which i again call on you to support and , to close , i wish once again to congratulate mr trakatellis on the truly excellent job he has done . ottimo
it aims to provide professional staff ready for the job , training , equipment and support for promoting healthier living in a healthier environment . specializzato
mr president , i should like to thank both mr trakatellis and mr kyprianou , who have done a sterling job . lavoro
in conclusion , i would like once again to thank mr trakatellis for the excellent job he has done , as well as the members of the committee . lavoro
and they are risking everything : their job , their studies , their family , their lives . lavoro
it is the commission 's job to spend the funds earmarked for aid to belarus appropriately and the commission must do this job more efficiently and effectively . compito
in this respect we should enhance the participation in the workforce of women , young people and older people , by providing new opportunities through , for instance , flexibility of working hours , the promotion of part-time jobs and autonomous work . posti
to achieve this we need to reform our pension systems and concentrate on growth and jobs by introducing innovative measures to support the birth rate and by a judicious use of immigration . occupazione
consequently , in the proposals tabled by our group , the accent is placed on the need for job stability , safety in the workplace and reduced working hours , in order to ensure that younger and older workers alike can gain access to suitably paid work . occupazione
the main priorities as regards managing demographic change are jobs with rights , fairer income distribution , strong public social security based on solidarity between generations , and high-quality public services , in particular in areas such as health , education , housing and social protection . occupazione
new tax policies , extensive employment opportunities for women , the opportunity to enter the job market and undoubtedly a new and different quality of services are therefore needed . lavoro
however , demographic change should also be seen as an opportunity to achieve a new solidarity across the generations , which guarantees young people a good education , creates jobs for all and enables people to grow old with dignity . lavoro
although there are considerable differences in the local circumstances of member states , the challenges and targets are similar – to tackle the increasing challenge of europe ’ s ageing society , bearing in mind the lisbon targets of making europe the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , with greater social cohesion and sustainable economic growth capacity , and more and better jobs . posti
it has opened up new sources of income and also made an essential contribution to not only maintaining existing employment but also creating new jobs in rural areas . posti
it can , and will , also bring economic benefits through developing new technologies , job creation and retooling in the agricultural sector , in particular where sugar factories are earmarked for closure . posti
biofuels , the development of which we have long supported , meets , although only partially , the needs of the agricultural economy : an improvement in the environment through the reduction in greenhouse gases , we are told , the production of renewable energy sources that foster energy independence , job creation in rural areas , the balancing of territories against rural desertification and the preparing of set-aside land for crops for non-food purposes . posti
the report of the european parliament supports the interests of new member states unequivocally , and therefore i ask mrs fischer boel and the commission to consider these proposals , because assistance for energy purposes is extremely important in the new member states , too , in order to ensure jobs . occupazione
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to start by offering my sincere thanks to our rapporteur , mr parish , who has done a very good job in producing this own-initiative report . lavoro
we still need more jobs in rural areas . posti
mr president , you may have an appointment somewhere else later on , i do not know , but we are here to do a job and to vote . funzioni
what is needed is more high-quality jobs with rights , better public services , more employment-generating investment and greater social inclusion , along with fairer distribution of wealth . posti
the demographic consequences are well-known : increases in expenditure on health and pensions , the need for millions of jobs providing personal care and a shortage of staff resulting in a migration influx , which has the psychological effect of pushing societies towards cautious , do nothing attitudes and malthusian ‘ no future ’ policies , of which the ‘ austerity budget pact ’ has been the expression since maastricht . addetti
hundreds of jobs will be lost . posti
mr president , i wished to draw the european parliament ’ s attention to the serious project undertaken by the french government , which consists of introducing a ‘ first job contract ’ . impiego
be that as it may , we can observe a great sense of anxiety among our young europeans about their future , and it would seem important to me that we reaffirm our desire to fight against what is referred to as atypical work and job insecurity .  
the rapporteur , mrs laperrouze , has done an excellent job , and i congratulate her , because she has been able to reconcile the demands of the members of this parliament with the positions of the commission and the council . lavoro
the decision to artificially create a large internal energy market will also lead to a large number of jobs being axed and many others being put in jeopardy . posti
mr president , when we debate competition policy , there is something that there is good reason for emphasising , namely the fact that european prosperity , european businesses and european jobs have been boosted by competition . occupazione
in saying that , i also wish to emphasise that it is competition and competition policy that are the strongest forces behind european integration today , weaving our economies together and giving us new jobs . posti
we are living in a mood of economic nationalism right now , and being the competition commissioner is not necessarily the easiest job in town . esattamene
the commissioner is doing a good job . ottimamente
i could not agree more with mr de rossa and mrs van den burg that we must deliver , within the framework of europe , sustainable and full employment and social welfare ; but at the end of the day we must also deliver more economic growth and more and better quality jobs . occupazione
regarding a european network , i am really impressed by the european competition network and those concerned are doing an extremely good job . lavoro
i wholeheartedly agree with mr cashman , who has once again done an excellent job , when he says that the fact that parliament does not have a clear legal basis for access to classified eu information runs counter to the democratic principle on which the union is based . lavoro
i think the commission is doing a great job , but the reality is that , at the end of the day , we will most probably have to make a few more concessions . lavoro
here is the answer : in mexico , 94 free trade agreements have been signed and they have not brought about prosperity ; in ecuador , the indigenous people of the andes are against the free trade agreement ; currently , in france , three million secondary school students are demonstrating because there are no jobs ; and , where i live , the wine growers are poverty-stricken , people are committing suicide and yet there is free trade . occupazione
– mr president , i should like to begin by paying tribute to the remarkable job done by my friend , mr papastamkos , the former greek minister for economic affairs , in terms of piecing the facts together and finding a compromise , and i should like , commissioner , to ask you to pass on my thanks to mr mandelson for all the work he has done . lavoro
this would cost europe economic growth and jobs , and africa would lose out in terms of economic development and would fail to achieve the millennium objectives in the areas of basic education and health care . occupazione
the economic guidelines form the framework within which the member states and the community institutions put together their respective plans for the implementation of the strategy for growth and jobs . occupazione
at present , though , it strikes me that the most important thing is that we should all work together on making the broader european public aware of the fact that we do actually have a common strategy for growth and job creation , of the priorities that we share , and of the fact that we are working together to deliver on them . posti
at the spring session of the european council it was stated that the union would be capable of creating 2 million jobs per year . posti
yet job creation and cuts in unemployment will not happen unless we take advantage of the current economic growth to continue with the necessary reforms . posti
in the case of older workers the emphasis was on the need to introduce an integrated strategy based on quality jobs and specialist training . posti
women are hit much harder by unemployment than are men ; it is they , still , who do most of the part-time jobs . posti
. – the bulk of the integrated guidelines for employment growth contain the main barriers to an effective employment policy that prioritises the creation of high-quality jobs with rights , social and territorial cohesion , and people ’ s well-being . posti
what is more , the guidelines for employment are much too vague , as they omit key areas , such as the need to increase female involvement in the labour market , and to ensure high-quality jobs with rights . posti
it is also crucial to boost regional economies , to promote micro , small and medium-sized enterprises and to create jobs in regions where there are high levels of unemployment . posti
families must also be supported , both in terms of rearranging and reducing working hours , without any loss of rights , and in terms of investing in public services to support the family , as this would help to create jobs better suited to local and regional needs . posti
– mr president , at a time when the phenomenon of globalisation has ultimately determined many of the aspects of the economic and social systems of all our countries , we must be aware that every obstacle to the freedom of movement of persons , goods , capital and services is a major obstacle to competitiveness , growth and job creation . posti
by putting up certain types of barrier to the free movement of workers , some member states are actually in the preposterous situation of helping workers from third countries to gain access to jobs ahead of those from new eu member states . posti
on the basis of experience from the czech republic and conversations with colleagues , and also looking at the current situation in france , i know that the issue of first jobs for graduates , for example , is often one of the most challenging . impiego
we have an enormous problem with the loss of the services that have provided jobs to replace the industrial jobs that are no longer there . posti
this report , therefore , constitutes our demand for the transposition of all the internal market directives , inconsistent implementation of which distorts competition and costs us growth and jobs . posti
we are striving for more and better jobs , having declared 2006 the european year of workers ’ mobility . posti
the most substantial payments benefit magnates , whilst small farms are going out of business and the amount of uncultivated land is increasing along with the number of people who have lost their jobs and all hope for the future . lavoro
the second is that it is those countries that have the most flexible labour markets that also have the best development in terms of new jobs . posti
it is in the light of this that i should like to thank the rapporteur , mr garcía-margallo y marfil , for the work he has done , because it is the changes and policy direction proposed in his report that constitute the approach that can provide more jobs and greater prosperity . posti
there is no issue more important for social protection than the growth of new jobs . posti
the 20 million unemployed and the hundreds of millions of people who fear for their jobs attribute their circumstances more to the european union than to globalisation . lavoro
the others , whose jobs are kept safe by the european union and by the work of the commission and of this house , are completely unaware of that fact and attribute it to the national governments . posti
we need those jobs , as commissioner špidla said . posti
as things stand , we should be speaking of deepening , rather than reviewing , the lisbon strategy , given that what we are now seeing – and have been since the outset – is increased economic growth and more jobs , both of which help to sustain the social models in the long term , and foster adequate social cohesion in the short term . posti
let me conclude by reiterating , and very clearly , that the reason why growth and employment are priorities for the years ahead of us is that without more growth and the creation of more jobs , we will be unable to realise our great and far-reaching political goals . posti
we will not be able to maintain a high environmental standard , we will not be able to maintain high social standards , and we will not be able to maintain a high standard of living if we do not have strong economic foundations that can bear their weight , and that is why we say that growth and jobs are our number one task . occupazione
our inability to have a common economic policy is of course a defect , but it can become a virtue if we can agree on a new kind of cooperation of the kind that we have developed in the shape of the partnership for growth and jobs . occupazione
the effect of continued flows of migrants to countries with high unemployment is neither to create new jobs nor to make businesses more competitive . posti
i am sure it is understandable that that fact cannot do other than cause many workers to worry about their own jobs , and it is surely only right that a government should try to take that into account , particularly when one bears in mind the fact that germany has already , in percentage terms , given the most work permits to citizens of the new member states . lavoro
the fears generated by job insecurity and prejudice undoubtedly represent political capital that can be readily used . lavoro
alternatively , should labour markets be opened up so as to generate economic growth , which will lead to the creation of new jobs ? posti
my convictions and experience to date indicate that opening up the labour market of a given country will generate economic growth and new jobs . posti
we should bear in mind that increased employment and job creation will only be possible if we introduce genuine economic reforms , not just cosmetic changes . posti
accordingly , taking account of the national reform programmes submitted by the member states and the measures put forward for complying with these guidelines , we have tabled amendments to the report aimed at making the guidelines more workable and easier to timetable , thus ensuring effective implementation of women 's rights , access to high-quality public education and training , the creation of stable jobs with rights , and more public investment in health and housing . posti
at this time , the debate should focus on workable decisions aimed at making the economic environment more conducive to growth , jobs , competition , innovation and wealth creation . occupazione
the alde group takes the view that creating jobs is the best social structure there is , more so than protecting what we have achieved thus far . posti
happily , though , the european parliament has done its job , and a qualified majority of parliament has rewritten the text that was submitted at first reading on the commission ’ s original proposal in order to make it a respectable instrument that encourages the free provision of services , while avoiding any form of social dumping . lavoro
it will be of considerable benefit to the economy of europe , because what is at issue here is galvanising the european economy to be able to sustain the kind of growth rates that would deliver the number of jobs that are so necessary . lavoro
it is important to ensure that competition improves job quality for the benefit of workers and consumers . lavoro
at the same time , getting legislation right in the internal market is critical to achieving the lisbon goals of jobs , growth and competitiveness . occupazione
i believe we need still other forms of consultative machinery in order to get the information directly from those interested parties who are working at their jobs and therefore have to deal with these issues . lavoro
also , the authors of impact assessments need feedback to know if they have done a good job . lavoro
the job of the petitions committee is to help citizens highlight the problems with implementation and monitoring of eu law . lavoro
however , the court is merely doing its job , because we legislators are not doing our own sufficiently well . lavoro
ladies and gentlemen , i am convinced that better regulations will provide a basis for efforts by european institutions to create jobs and generate growth in the european union under the revised lisbon strategy . posti
if we wish , however , to retain the public ’ s faith in the single market , we must stem the outflow of investment and the loss of jobs . posti
it is purely and simply about shaping the european legal system such as to make it understandable to the public , and such that the european economy can use it for growth , investment and job creation . posti
it is intended to help reinforce public confidence in the system of european integration as a whole , and to help provide our economy with a stable , reliable framework , so as to resolve the great social issue of our time , namely that of the future of our jobs . posti
the rapporteur did an excellent job in identifying the obstacles in community and member state laws that create difficulties in the operation of the internal market . lavoro
increasing numbers of regular workers are being replaced by unpaid or poorly paid trainees , or in germany , for example , by state-financed ‘ 1 euro jobs ’ – in which previously unemployed persons are entitled to earn eur 1 per hour on top of their unemployment benefit – which are not liable to tax or social-security contributions . lavori
additionally , within the european neighbourhood and partnership instrument , which is still currently under preparation with regard to its legal form by the commission , there will be the possibility of working together with neighbouring countries and regions on issues related to those that you are addressing to create jobs and employment opportunities on the other side of the border . lavoro
i should like to make one final point – one already touched upon by mr battilocchio : we need town-twinning activities , which do a wonderful job . battilocchio
it is his first report , it is a big report and he has done an excellent job in raising all the key issues . lavoro
the new proposal , on which our rapporteur , mrs prets , has done a very good job , tries to reconcile the various viewpoints both within parliament and within the council . lavoro
instead , we must make the job easier for the organisers , as that alone will contribute to a better relationship between citizens and european institutions . compito
bearing in mind our detailed knowledge of the programmes – for we have gone deeper in analysing them than the council ever has – parliament took the view that the figures we agreed on represented the absolute pain threshold , but if , for example , we have , in the sphere of lifelong learning or overall as regards competitiveness for growth and job creation , succeeded in getting an extra eur 2.1 billion in order , for example , to send 40 000 more students on exchange within europe , then our commitment to european added value has paid occupazione
i would like , in particular , to congratulate mr böge , mr lewandowski , mr mulder and mr walter for their remarkable job , which i know was done under very difficult conditions . lavoro
the president of this parliament , mr borrell , did of course speak for it and thereby make a very important contribution to this discussion on business and job creation . posti
our intention is that the number of school drop-outs should be reduced by 10 % , and , quite specifically , that by as soon as next year , all young people should , within six months , be offered either a job , an apprenticeship or the chance of further training , with this period later being reduced to four months . lavoro
i would also ask you not to forget that we , through the european investment bank , have made available an additional eur 30 billion through subsidised loans , guarantees and sureties , enabling small businesses in particular to make real strides in creating jobs . posti
what was interesting was that i recently read a number of studies that considered in a critical light the reasons why we have as yet not achieved the ambitious goals of our strategy – lisbon , jobs , employment – and one of the reasons given by the sapir report and also by the was that there was too little ' national ownership ' – dreadful term ! – which means , in as many words , that nobody in the member states actually feels themselves to be responsible . posti
the whole situation positively cries out for a new joint effort on the part of europe , and the commission has done a first-class job of preparing the ground with its green paper , which the council has taken on board , also defining as its three objectives security of supply , the competitiveness of our own industry and the improvement of environmental quality . lavoro
if we make wise use of this by way of a common european economic policy , it will prove to be a powerful generator of jobs and will also make us more secure . posti
first , business : we all know that for new jobs we must look to business and small and medium-sized enterprises , because they create most of the jobs . occupazione
i believe that is the only way to deliver more growth and new jobs . posti
it follows that we must go for fewer laws and more freedom for businesses , particularly for small and medium-sized enterprises , for the less bureaucracy and the fewer the costs that small and medium-sized businesses have to bear , the greater the capacity for job creation . posti
one final comment , mr schüssel : i have to agree that everything looks good around the middle ; the austrian presidency is doing a good job . bene
all council members accepted that environment policy can make an important contribution to jobs and growth . occupazione
where are the practical measures to address the need to double economic growth and jobs with rights in order to reach the levels of 2000 ? posti
the truth is that the only responses put forward have been the few vague commitments in terms of jobs , without any reference to the quality of that work or the practical measures to achieve this , and this is the most glaring symptom of the increasing tensions in a number of eu countries . posti
in fact , a lot of positive things have come out of the european council meeting that we should be promoting very strongly , in particular the commitments given to increasing employment opportunities and increasing the amount of money to be put into research and development ; assisting in the expansion of the lifelong learning and education and training programmes ; utilising the resources available to the european investment bank to kick start small and medium-sized enterprises , to give them an opportunity to create the jobs and to create the economic wealth and growth which is necessary within the posti
the financial perspective has involved the reallocation of a total of eur 7.9 billion ; together with what came out of the summit , the services directive provides us with the most potent programme for growth and job creation in the eu for years . posti
promising the creation of 10 million jobs was , after all , strongly reminiscent of the first lisbon summit . lavoro
at your summit , you said that more needs to be done for the small and medium-sized business sector , and you were right to do so , but , if i want to do something for the small and medium-sized business sector , if i want to create jobs , then i have to do something to bring about an increase in public investment , and it is an unfortunate fact that that is not increasing , not in the member states . posti
– from my point of view , the challenges that europe faces today were correctly identified by the european council : globalisation , the demography question , key sectors of the european economy such as energy and services , research and development , innovation , education , jobs and growth . occupazione
after five years of failure , you are setting ambitious targets , with binding timetables for jobs , research , energy and growth ; at the same time , the budget is characterised by extreme euro-stinginess and a lack of ambition . occupazione
i tend towards the view that , yes , we should be bold enough to set ourselves definite targets , targets that are capable of being reviewed , notwithstanding the risk of one or other country , or perhaps the whole european union , failing to achieve what we have set ourselves 100 % , but the ten million jobs – 2 million a year – is a realistic target . posti
in 2005 , we managed to create 2 million extra jobs in the european union , and we can now take pride in the real chance we have now that the economic cycle is in a relatively healthy state and many european countries are beginning an upturn , and this is something we must not talk down . posti
in austria , for example , we are making a very good job of this , and other countries will do likewise , but the goals are necessary . lavoro
what matters to them is whether we can now get stuck into the job for the next seven years , in the people ’ s interest and in europe ’ s . lavoro
the free movement of workers helps to create more jobs and to strengthen the eu ’ s competitiveness . posti
according to the expert reports available , migration of workers from the ten new member states has helped to increase production and create new jobs and has substantially reduced the number of illegal workers . posti
two years later , a commission report is defending this political approach , with figures to support it : there are fewer migrants than anticipated and they are filling jobs left vacant in certain sectors . posti
that is why i support the belgian federal government ’ s decision to keep certain conditions of access to the job market until 2009 at the latest . lavoro
we can rejoice in a job well done . lavoro
indeed , under these circumstances , it is difficult for us , as co-legislators , to do our jobs properly . lavoro
accordingly , i have also made the decision-makers and negotiators aware of the importance and urgency involved and pointed out that it is not possible to disregard mobility and sustainability – for which the extension of the trans-european networks is an essential precondition – when announcing growth strategies and job creation at european level . lavoro
i have great confidence here in the innovative potential and approaches , mentioned earlier , of making use of private funds , too , so that projects can be implemented more quickly than would otherwise have been possible , not only in the interests of the economy and of job creation , but also , in particular , of the environment and the people living along many transit routes . posti
indeed , it is surprising that , given these poor conditions , you still get a hard core of dedicated health workers in many african countries who continue to do a remarkable job in very difficult circumstances . lavoro
it is important not to lose sight of the achievement and the increasable contribution of many health workers who continue to serve their people , despite the challenges of their jobs and working environment . professione
often the agency jobs are lower-skilled jobs , so those nurses do not even have the advantage of gaining specialist skills while they are in europe . lavori
in poland , for example , it is hard for nurses to find a job paying more than eur 250 a month , whilst in belgium hospital wards are being closed due to a shortage of nurses . impiego
i come from ireland , a country from which not so long ago we were exporting nurses because there were no jobs for them . impiego
it is hard to know what the answers are , but perhaps we should look at the job of the health-care workers and value what they do more than we do at the moment – in terms also of respecting and rewarding them . lavoro
the rapporteur does a good job of highlighting all of the questions posed by this new budgetary aid system with regard to the fight against corruption , as well as the heightened problem , in the present context , resulting from the increased pressure put on raw materials and , in particular , on scarce oil supplies . nuovo
i should like to take this opportunity to denounce the immigration law ' chosen ' by mr sarkozy , which will organise this siphoning off of elites on a grand scale , further compromising the development of the countries from which these elites come , and automatically aggravating emigration , while a bankrupt education system has given up on training a generation condemned to unemployment or dead-end jobs . lavoretti
money invested in clean green technology is not money wasted and if europe can lead the world in researching green technologies it will create more jobs , revive manufacturing , and generate greater export potential for our products . occupazione
that is why my group applauds the council and the austrian presidency for backing plans to double the use of biomass , including organic waste , for energy purposes , allowing us to cut energy imports by over 6 % and bring up to 300 000 jobs to rural areas posti
so protect greek workers who have been living within the framework of europe for 25 years and will lose their jobs . lavoro
continuing financial aid to the hamas-led government would lend support to a regime which denies the right of its neighbour to exist ; stopping financial support renders the palestinian state unviable , puts the jobs of 140 000 public servants at risk and ultimately adds to tension . posti
whistle-blowers lose their jobs instead of receiving praise . posto
as rapporteur for the committee on budgetary control , it was my job to work on the issue of granting discharge to ‘ other institutions ’ , of which there are seven in total . compito
the commission is doing an excellent job . lavoro
i wish to thank mr mulder , who has done an outstanding job on his report . lavoro
although mr klinz ’ report does a splendid job of listing what these are and gives a good overview of the diverse forms of business and products that asset managers and their marketing companies offer and sell to an ever larger customer base , it is nevertheless the case that the lack of rules on supervision and transparency in this field encourages dubious practices . NULL
as you know , it is essential to have the right rules in order to help member states use state aid tools in a targeted and prudent way in support of our shared goals of growth and jobs . occupazione
at the end of the day it is only through a positive partnership and a complete range of pro-innovation policies that we will be able to deliver growth in jobs in the european union . occupazione
i believe that this house should remember the sacrifice made by those european citizens , who were doing their jobs and their service in order to promote peace . lavoro
ecall will give us a foretaste of the possibilities that galileo will open up to us , not the least of which will be that of creating a number of new jobs in a future-oriented sector , and that is one reason why it is worth our while being committed to this . lavoro
however , the principal reason why the commission is championing linguistic diversity is not any deep-seated fear that languages and cultures are being eroded , but the knowledge that their ultimate objective , a european federal superstate , is not possible until people can move only to be employable where the jobs are available . posti
it is not europe ’ s job to help destroy linguistic biodiversity . spetta
perhaps he applied for a job as the grave-digger for the european constitution ; he certainly has every chance of getting it . becchino
if you do not have time for any of that , you could read your own eurobarometer poll , which shows that less than half the citizens of europe now think that the european union is doing a good job . lavoro
people in europe want action ; they want action on growth and they want action on jobs . occupazione
they do not want grand projects that erode the sovereignty of their nations or affect their chances of getting a job . lavoro
so my message to the leaders for the june summit has to be simple : they should focus on people ’ s priorities , particularly the plight of the 18 million who have no job in the union . disoccupati
we must show that the eu is needed for the sake of jobs and the economy and in order to bring about continued internal market reforms . occupazione
i hope you will succeed in combining the two ; only then will you have done your job . lavoro
the vice-president has already pointed out that the object cannot be to use european funds to move jobs around within the eu or out of it , and quite possibly in large numbers ; the measures we are proposing must not have that effect and are not meant to . posti
finally , i think it particularly significant that the text addresses the jobs issue and that we have taken the initiative on this front too . occupazione
– mr president , commissioner , i , too , wish to thank the rapporteur for his considerable expertise and cooperative approach to the job . collaborativo
if we do not do this , we shall be swimming against the tide , against the lisbon strategy , against growth and jobs and against the internal market . occupazione
commissioner spidla ’ s report on transitional arrangements shows that enlargement has brought more jobs and higher economic growth , particularly in those countries that gave open access to their labour markets . posti
they offer the possibility of more continuous , sustained yet still very stringent monitoring , if need be accompanied by sanctions during the first three years following romania ’ s accession to the european union , and it would be the job of these clauses to respond to the various concerns that might remain regarding specific points . risponderebbero
all today ’ s statement represents is a victory for the political classes , the classes in the european union who want this to be a world superpower to take on the united states of america , and of course a huge victory for the politicians in romania and bulgaria , who will enrich themselves enormously and give themselves jobs in perpetuity . posti
they have signed the accession agreement , and we have sent signals to romania and bulgaria to the effect that they are doing a good job and that , if they continue to work hard , they will also become members in accordance with the timetable . lavoro
romania and bulgaria have done a good job . lavoro
we have to congratulate him on a good job under very difficult conditions . lavoro
i have to ask the limited number of people here how we are going to create jobs and growth in the european economy if we cannot get the internal market to work properly ; if we cannot engage all the tools and weapons at our disposal . posti
that is not parliament ’ s job , and i would not follow this course . seguirei
in conclusion , i wish mr stark very great success with his new job , which we hope he will take up – for the sake of the euro and europe , and an appropriate , effective , significant portfolio in the governing council . incarico
failure to implement indispensable structural reforms , increasing international competition , uncertain job prospects and a lack of certainty regarding future demand mean that , for a number of years , europe has been developing more slowly than other parts of the world . occupazionali
madam president , public finances have a huge impact on economic growth , the creation of new jobs and on macroeconomic stability . posti
the reasons for this situation also lie in the low level of internal demand and uncertainty concerning job security , social protection , salaries and pensions . posti
firstly , the sanitising of public finances cannot be an aim in itself , but must be a means of generating higher economic growth and creating new jobs . posti
i believe there is quite a considerable level of agreement and consensus on the diagnosis and on the main guidelines as to what the european institutions ’ response should be , so that public finances and good fiscal and budgetary policies can help to produce more growth and jobs and more effectively meet european citizens ’ demands . occupazione
we are now in the process of trying to convert this confidence and optimism into real evidence of an upturn in the economic situation , with more consumption , more jobs and more economic growth . occupazione
we must not let this opportunity slip away , and we must not fail to learn from the mistakes that europe ’ s economies and the euro zone made in the previous period of economic recovery , when they failed to make use of the good periods of economic growth to consolidate public accounts and thus improve sustainability , or to use the dynamism of their economies to provide more and better jobs , which is what our citizens are demanding of us . posti
i would like , at the outset , to thank all those in this house who helped make it possible for this result to be achieved , in particular mr lewandowski , mr walter and mr mulder , who made up the negotiating team , along with the groups ’ coordinators and staff , with especial thanks to the staff of the bureau , who have really done a splendid job of work over the past months . lavoro
the presidency can certainly not have had an easy job with so many opponents of reform in the council and in coreper . lavoro
on the other hand , though , we are deliberately prioritising those areas where there is a need for more growth , more jobs and a reduction in the number of unemployed , which is our common goal . posti
i would like personally to thank the european parliament ’ s negotiating team , mr böge , mr lewandowski , mr mulder and mr walter , for the remarkable job they did . lavoro
the competitiveness of the european union will not increase if we continue to defend an outdated social model and expensive jobs . posti
does anybody in this chamber really think that greater support for the unemployed would lead to the creation of new jobs ? posti
once again i say thank you to mr böge for the excellent job he has done . ottimo
this financial perspective is the same sort of practical project as the infrastructure costs directive , the european driving licence and the joint resolution to desist from using the structural funds to promote the relocation of workplaces or jobs to new member states . posti
this monetarist , neoliberal blinkeredness , which panders to the profits of the large multinational companies operating in the eu and which places the workers – and their jobs , their rights and their salaries – as an adjustment variable during crises , is in keeping with its role in creating the single currency and the stability and growth pact . occupazione
parliament has , i believe , done a good job – better than ever before and , above all , better than the two other institutions . lavoro
the fact that the necessary reforms were not carried out reduced growth and jobs and put pressure on public finances . posti
these measures are crucial for the european economy to grow strongly on sound foundations , in such a way that it can provide fresh business and job opportunities for its citizens . posti
parliament can then focus on the job that it was elected to do : assessing the performance of the council and the commission on behalf of the people . compito
finally , i want to congratulate mr howitt on doing an excellent job this year under new and different circumstances . lavoro
we can take pride in having made a good job of this . orgogliosi
as we have also seen in the matter of the reduction in turnover tax , which was very difficult to resolve , unanimity in matters as difficult as taxation causes problems when it comes to taking decisions necessary for the economy and to creating growth and jobs – something that can also be seen in connection with the lisbon process . posti
whereas i understand that one million jobs are expected to be created over the next 12 months , the unemployment rate would still remain stubbornly high , at about 8.4 % . mesi
do you share my concerns that economic growth is not converting to jobs ? occupazione
specific objectives were given , including the gradual creation of one million jobs ; and achieving these objectives in practice is a very important starting point . posti
the promotion of sustainable growth and job creation in the eu implies not only that the member states will properly implement legislation , both that in force and that proposed , but also that we will propose more ambitious objectives in these areas . occupazione
your communiqués state that europe would be in a position to create 3.6 million jobs . posti
the commission ’ s proposal for a special globalisation fund is a disappointment , in that a condition of community aid is mass lay-offs , where at least 1 000 workers lose their jobs . coinvolgano
the lisbon strategy has not been sufficiently prioritised , despite the fact that it seeks improvement in areas where citizens want progress , like creating growth in jobs . posti
the next item is the report by constanze angela krehl , on behalf of the committee on regional development , on preparing for the assent procedure for the community ’ s strategic guidelines for the period 2007-2013 ( cohesion policy in support of growth and jobs ) [ 2006 / 2086 ( ini ) ] ( a6-0175 / 2006 ) . occupazione
within the commission ’ s three guidelines – making europe and its regions more attractive for investors and labour , promoting knowledge and innovation for growth , and more and better jobs – we support the development of a durable transport infrastructure , including in border areas . posti
all of these points are related to the development of an economy that creates more and , particularly , better jobs in the eu . occupazione
however , another very important prerequisite for jobs is that people living in the eu be as highly qualified as possible . occupazione
with the relaunch of the lisbon strategy , cohesion policy has become the primary financial instrument at community level to ensure that its resources are used for the implementation of the growth and jobs strategy . occupazione
this is reflected in the priorities contained in the draft community strategic guidelines for 2007-2013 , which seek to provide a balance between the twin objectives of the growth and jobs agenda and territorial cohesion . occupazione
on the other hand , the guidelines also focus on a limited number of priorities to ensure that a genuine concentration of resources takes place in order to increase the effectiveness of investment and to make the growth and jobs strategy a reality . occupazione
i support mrs krehl ’ s report and would like to thank her for a truly excellent job and for her constructive cooperation . lavoro
the reason is that a social economy brings entrepreneurship and creates job opportunities at local and regional level . lavoro
as regards the retrospective measures , which draw on our solidarity fund , our fellow member , mr berend , has done a very fine job , but much remains to be done because it will always be very difficult to find ideal solutions , given the variety of situations and funding . lavoro
i congratulate mr galeote quecedo and mr berend once again on a job well done . ottimo
unsurprisingly , therefore , the majority in parliament rejected the observation that ‘ the lisbon strategy has proved itself to be a failure as regards the implementation of its stated objectives of 3 % average economic growth and full employment via the creation of 20 million jobs ’ . posti
an elected parliament should draw up a new constitution at the earliest opportunity , and our job is to support the process of democratisation , an integral part of which is freedom of the media and development of the country ’ s economy . compito
firstly , 47 % of the people polled as part of this consultation see globalisation as a threat to jobs . occupazione
in its recent communication of last week , it pays hardly any attention to socio-economic aspects , despite the fact that people want jobs and social security . lavoro
if we continue with the rhetoric of the lisbon strategy , rather than practical measures , we might have good governance , good institutions and good ideas . we will not have jobs or satisfaction for our citizens . posti
the number of jobs that depend on such trade is really extremely high . posti
the market that we have has , for example , created nearly seven million jobs in europe . posti
trade should not be an end in itself for the purpose of higher profit rates , but one of the instruments for ensuring that the population is supplied with goods and services , for creating jobs and promoting social development and prosperity . posti
we should therefore first of all assess whether the potential partner complies with internationally agreed standards on the protection of social security , jobs , environment and human rights and whether or not the partner accepts the institutions created to safeguard these . posti
however , the fact is that this trade and investment relationship between us is worth a amount in terms of people ’ s jobs , their livelihoods , their futures . posti
in areas where conditions do permit the liberalisation of market sectors , care should be taken that in doing so , international standards on the protection of social security , jobs and the environment are respected and held to be binding . posti
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the aim of the competitiveness and innovation framework programme ( cip ) is to contribute to the eu ’ s capacity for innovation and its competitiveness , with a particular focus on small and medium-sized enterprises , entirely in accordance with the goals of the lisbon strategy in terms of growth and jobs . occupazione
i should , therefore , like to congratulate mr langen on a job well done and on gaining such convincing support in the committee . lavoro
the fourniret case showed that there is nothing to stop a person who is convicted in one member state for such crimes subsequently moving to another member state and getting a job there where they have continuous contact with children . lavoro
banning sex offenders from relevant jobs on a europe-wide basis in order to prevent them reoffending in child-care or youth work , for example , is undoubtedly important . proibire
certain jobs , particularly and unfortunately the less well-paid , are even today done to a disproportionate degree by women , and there are still far more women than men doing part-time work . lavori
need i remind you that a better work-life balance is a vital condition for meeting the objectives that the eu has set itself in the lisbon strategy and regarding jobs and growth ? occupazione
even under the totalitarian system under which the people of poland lived , women were , at least on paper , protected by law , and in particular they were able to return to their previous jobs after taking maternity and childcare leave , and also to develop vocationally . lavoro
women still suffer from discrimination at work , which takes a number of different forms , such as unequal pay and difficulty of access to the labour market , and in particular to well paid , prestigious jobs . impieghi
yet the lisbon strategy provides for greater female participation in the labour market and more and better jobs for women . posti
instead of facing the problem of reconciling family and work , the average roma woman must fight every day to put food on the table without having a job , waiting for benefit and at the mercy of loan sharks . lavoro
it is true that in many cases unemployment is a consequence of low level , segregated education , but most often it is a result of the fact that when the roma go to a job interview , they are automatically turned down because of the colour of their skin . lavoro
is she there because she is good at her job , or is she there because she is part of a quota ? lavoro
.small and medium-sized enterprises ( smes ) are at the economic heart of our countries , the real creators of jobs and of wealth . occupazione
already , our failure to join the single currency area is costing us billions in inward investment and tens of thousands of jobs . posti
together , we are making the seventh framework programme a programme for boosting growth and jobs , for promoting a sustainable and healthy europe . occupazione
with your support , we will be able to reach our current goals on time and mobilise our researchers to start participating , as from the end of this year , in the seventh framework programme and in the realisation of the european research area that turns knowledge into true growth and true jobs . posti
even though the number of female candidates is now larger than the number of male candidates in almost all european countries , women come up against major obstacles in the male-dominated market for jobs in science . lavoro
i reiterate the idea by talking about a ‘ european area of researchers ’ , in other words a single job market that could be organised partly through the creation of a european researchers ’ association or an umbrella organisation of researchers ’ associations , which could be a useful body for enhancing their role in the european context . lavoro
it is a solution for the future that will guarantee the independence of our energy supply , access for all to electricity and the development of skilled jobs in industry . posti
– mr president , commissioner , i consider that parliament has done a very good job . lavoro
working conditions vary , as do the prospects for young researchers and for their transition from academic studies to the job market . lavoro
we must ensure that the research results do not end up gathering dust in cupboards or laboratories , but rather that our businesses can use those results to generate added value and therefore new jobs in europe . posti
if we want to maintain prosperity , jobs and social peace in europe in the future , the seventh research framework programme and the cip are the first step , but we still have a long journey ahead of us , and we absolutely must do better . posti
the commission and the european centre for disease prevention and control are already doing an extremely important job by testing existing national pandemic prevention plans and carrying out exercises . lavoro
mr adamou ’ s report does a good job of summarising what is at stake and the calm , yet bold , ways in which the authorities must tackle this problem . sintetizza
it is of huge importance to me that we as meps do our jobs , but also that we can pass this expertise on to our colleagues in the national parliaments so that they can reprimand their governments when they fail to come up to the mark , and draw attention to the total lack of solidarity in this area . compiti
to simply blame the weak result on the russians is not the job of this parliament . compito
in doing so , mrs roure has done a great job . lavoro
educating and preparing disabled children for a career and for their future life is also problematic , as their situation depends , to a great extent , on the financial status of their parents and the society in which they live as well as on the job market . lavoro
firstly , this has involved addressing specific issues with the aim of making progress on the ones that are closest to the people : issues relating to prosperity , economic growth , job security , internal and external security , social security , energy security and much more . posti
i understand that it is the analysts ’ job to say that europe is at a standstill , but , as political leaders , we have a responsibility . analisti
unfortunately , too much of the debate is now determined by what media commentators are saying , rather than what the citizens of the european union are saying , because when you speak to people and ask them what their needs are , and what kind of europe that they want to see , they all reply that they want an internal market , greater job security , greater energy security , better personal security and safety , for their children to have a safer and cleaner environment in which to live and for europe to play a responsible role occupazionale
we need to support entrepreneurship and create new jobs , we need reforms to accelerate economic growth and increase tax revenues in order to allow greater spending on social programmes , education , public healthcare and pensions . posti
excuse me for saying so , but it is a hell of a job , because it takes time and energy and often you get very little thanks for it . lavoraccio
we cannot create more and better jobs and ensure better economic cooperation without a new treaty . posti
we must increase the citizens ’ faith in the union , show them its added value , through more effective action on issues such as security , the effective control of migratory flows , job creation and so on . occupazione
this is our job , the job of all the institutions . compito
those of us in this house today do not simply have the job of providing a commentary : of course , we can , and indeed must , analyse the situation , but the job of a leader , of a political representative , is to inspire confidence and hope . compito
there is a lack of policy , a lack of results and a lack of growth and jobs in an economy that is irrevocably in the throes of change . posti
unfortunately , the lisbon strategy relates mainly but not solely to economic competitiveness and the creation of prosperous jobs , with environmental objectives coming a very poor second , while the sustainable development strategy needs to promote environmental and social objectives , rather than economic sustainability . posti
we want to make it clear that the eu strategy for sustainable development and the lisbon strategy for growth and jobs do not exclude each other , compete with each other or supersede each other , but rather complement each other effectively . occupazione
the eu strategy for sustainable development provides a comprehensive framework within which the lisbon strategy , with its new focus on growth and jobs , can act as the engine of a dynamic economy . occupazione
at the same time , though , the worldwide drive towards more eco-efficient products and services creates opportunities for growth and jobs that we must seize . occupazione
the lisbon strategy addresses concerns about medium-term economic performance , looking to stimulate growth and jobs and helping the european union to adapt to global competition and increased pressures on resources . occupazione
we now have growth without jobs , so it is the wrong way to obtain more employment . posti
sustainable development is a central factor in innovation : it creates opportunities and the potential for intelligent growth and better jobs . posti
i am convinced that this type of energy production will create jobs in rural areas and thus help implement the lisbon strategy . posti
is the council presidency in possession of approximate estimates as to how many new jobs this will create in rural areas ? posti
if i may turn to the jobs issue , what , according to the estimates , is going to happen if greater reliance is placed on alternative forms of energy ? posti
as my own country ’ s minister for agriculture and the environment , i enjoy the strategic advantage of being in an absolute win-win situation , in that the use of alternative sources of energy not only has the effect of bringing about a reduction in co2 , and thereby making a substantial contribution to achieving the kyoto targets , but also makes full use of the resources in rural areas – particularly the more isolated ones in europe – and creates jobs in them . posti
an extra 30 000 jobs – that is the figure indicated by studies carried out by the european union and other bodies , if we are consistent in proceeding with the achievement of alternative energy targets . posti
facilities for producing biodiesel and ethanol are being set up , and jobs created with them ; in my own province alone , a new factory for ethanol is currently creating work for 180 people . posti
not only does ertms offer europe an opportunity to grow together , but it is also essential to the medium and long term development of the rail industry and to the 15 000 highly-skilled jobs in it . impieghi
i would like to avail myself of this , my last , opportunity to point out that , in my view , ertms will do more to secure the social position of workers in the rail sector , in which jobs will require better skills and high qualifications , and so the further training and qualification of workers in this sector must not be overlooked . mansioni
as we have pointed out , inshore fisheries make a considerable contribution to the socio-economic wellbeing of coastal communities , contributing to local development , job preservation / creation both upstream and downstream , supplies of fresh fish and the preservation of traditional local cultures . posti
the implementation of these measures would facilitate the maintenance of existing jobs and the creation of new jobs in regions where there is currently high unemployment . posti
in ireland , inshore fishing is an industry with special social and economic importance , providing jobs , maintaining remote coastal communities and preserving traditional cultures . occupazione
the job is generally associated with low wages and unreliability . lavoro
she has done a first-class job , along with mrs berès , the chairwoman of the committee on economic and monetary affairs . lavoro
the future of europe depends on high tech , high skill , high value-added jobs . posti
paradoxically , consumption of fish is on the increase throughout the european union , so now is not the time to drop our guard , particularly in view of the fact that inshore fishing is a very environmentally friendly job that consumes very little energy and supplies an important product . pochissima
it must be aided and supported as a matter of priority , so as to restore its economic balance and protect maritime jobs . posti
in conclusion , let us not forget that , on our continent , in our 25 member states , several million jobs , perhaps five million , depend on the production of wine , and that the sector has a turnover of eur 17 billion – almost exactly the same as the wheat sector and significantly greater than the sugar sector , which is four times smaller . posti
but then the losers of the past struggles , those in the old militias who did not find jobs and others who were disgruntled exposed that dormant ethnic fault line between loro monu and loro sae , the west and east of east timor , and tensions between army and police , and so on . lavoro
we should encourage east timor in any way we can and be sure that our intentions in doing so are pure and not based on our gaining an advantage in oil or gas , and let east timor get on with the job of developing a viable , peaceful and stable nation . avvantaggiarsi
it was important that this distinction be highlighted , and the discussions at the european council did a good job of that ; not one single member of the council questioned the substance of the constitutional treaty – i shall have more to say about that later on – and that is something i see as one of the major achievements of this period of discussion . distinguo
what always matters most to the public , of course , is what the effect is on the creation of jobs , and what i , personally , am happy about – and this is not , of course , something for which the council can claim credit , but primarily the result of economic trends and also of the member states ’ policies – is that , in june 2006 , there are over 2 million more jobs in europe than there were in june 2005 . posti
it also demonstrates that our ambition of creating 10 million more jobs by 2010 is a realistic one if the conditions are right and if we do our homework properly . posti
i can only think of one plausible explanation : perhaps chancellor schüssel is unhappy in his job and is hoping that the austrian people will vote him out of office ! lavoro
the european union should move forward in matters of the single market and the economy , if europe as an economic area wants to succeed in global competition and provide its citizens with jobs . posti
– i wish to greet the workers from opel general motors in the azambuja region of portugal in this plenary session , who are currently fighting for their jobs and for the future of the company , following the threat of manufacturing being transferred abroad . lavoro
if this threat materialises , thousands of jobs will be lost and the social and economic impact will be devastating . posti
mr president , the car manufacturing plant in warsaw which , until 2000 , was owned by the korean company daewoo managed to avoid bankruptcy , paid off 92 % of its debts and cut two thirds of jobs thanks to the determination of its management and staff . posti
on the contrary , we cause them to worry that the money-saving moves being mentioned , and those yet to be mentioned , take place at the expense of their working conditions , or even worse , at the expense of their job . posti
many of the national authorities are doing an excellent job , but the issue is much bigger than this . lavoro
rather , the core of the debate is on how to create the optimal regulatory and prudential framework for the european financial sector to thrive , delivering concrete and substantial benefits to the consumers and boosting economic growth and job creation . occupazione
that kind of transatlantic stock exchange merger would be a huge opportunity for regulatory convergence and allow the job that has been done so well to continue in the future . lavoro
the european parliament also calls on the commission to take greater account of the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises in future draft legislation and revisions of existing legislation and to remember that they create jobs and are a motor for economic growth . posti
mr president , whether one accepts mrs lucas ’ s figure of 4.1 million jobs or the association of european airlines ’ figure of 7.5 million jobs directly dependent on air transport , we must agree that the aviation industry contributes very significantly to european employment and growth . posti
we should also remember that the air transport sector generates around four million jobs , and that is why it is vital to carry out a detailed investigation into the influence of the airline industry on air pollution and the increase in noise levels . posti
on a day like tomorrow , a 5th of july 30 years ago , the president of the spanish government , adolfo suárez , took on his job of taking our democratic transition forward . rez
thirdly , i appreciate your role in ensuring that cohesion policy will apply to all regions and member states and that it will contribute to more and better jobs and faster economic growth . occupazione
i strongly believe that this priority will play a central role in improving the effective functioning of public administration , thereby raising competitiveness and in turn strengthening the development of sustainable jobs and support for social inclusion . occupazione
people are afraid of losing jobs , and they are afraid of globalisation . lavoro
this period was fixed at seven years by the commission in its initial proposal and confirmed by the vote of this house , and , in view of recent events , particularly the job losses in europe caused by relocations , i would ask the commission to reread the report on relocations , adopted by this house in march . posti
i welcome that within the european social fund the council and parliament have not just supported efficiency and competitiveness against job creation , but also the inclusion of the vulnerable groups in society . posti
we can create jobs , we can build roads , we can renovate housing . posti
– mr president , i should like to congratulate the rapporteurs on the excellent job which they have done throughout this period . lavoro
the issues in question are , amongst others , the environment , research and development and energy , these being areas where we can create healthier surroundings with more jobs and long-term growth . posti
the gradual financialisation of the real economy has not only led to significant job losses , it has also helped to turn the real economy into a parasite economy by diverting manufacturing investment , and to encourage financial , and subsequently economic , crises due to the extremely volatile nature of the financial markets and the speculative bubbles that they create . posti
the great social question of our time is how many people 's prospects will be ruined by this competition ; to put it another way , the great social issue of our time is the future of our jobs . posti
we need more sustainable , environmentally safe growth , and we need more and better jobs , otherwise the social face of europe will turn cold and cynical , which would be an affront to our european principles of shared responsibility between the individual and society , of solidarity , social justice and social cohesion . posti
we can however pursue a policy that creates external conditions which make it possible and attractive for companies to do their work , to expand , to invest and to create jobs in europe . posti
we must do our bit to ensure that it remains possible to manufacture and sell european cars – not for the sake of the cars , not even for the sake of those who buy and drive them but for the sake of the people who need those jobs . posti
productivity is likely to grow faster than demand , and anyone with any knowledge of economics knows what that means : it means that the pressure on car-manufacturing jobs in the older member states will become even greater . posti
i criticise those who pay themselves huge salaries but are not worth a penny as responsible managers , because they have driven their company to the wall and squandered the jobs it once provided . posti
european tax revenue is meant to be used to stabilise plants in european locations , not to axe jobs . posti
i believe that it is not parliament ’ s job to make judgments on individual cases , which seems to have been at the root of this debate . spetti
there is no disputing that we must remain competitive and that rationalisations are part of this effort , that productivity growth is necessary and that , if higher productivity leads to job losses in one company , these must be counteracted by the creation of new jobs elsewhere or in the same region through innovative investments . posti
i firmly believe it is a serious mistake to try to protect jobs by preventing modernisation , restructuring and globalisation . posti
there are a number of issues where we need european politics , not only to keep but to create new jobs all over the union . posti
they help prepare for a labour market in transition where few jobs can be guaranteed for life . posti
there are no jobs for life anymore but there could well be work for life . a
by giving access to an even greater internal market supporting european research and innovation , we open new opportunities that will eventually create new jobs . posti
thirdly , to accomplish that , we need strengthened social dialogue addressing issues of change such as the need for companies to facilitate transition for those losing their jobs , and environmental rules for sustainable economic development . lavoro
it has a lot to do with european leadership , about explaining the challenges we are facing and about doing what we can to facilitate the journey into the future by preparing individuals and businesses ; but not about making false promises , protecting jobs and hoping for short-term political gains . posti
in poland , for example , light industry and , to a significant extent , the car manufacturing , electronics and mining sectors have disappeared , and with them jobs . posti
the second important point to highlight is that the answer is not protectionism , either by countries trying to put up barriers or within companies trying to protect old jobs when the market has moved on . posti
i agree with mrs ek that nowadays people might not have a job for life any more , but i think people still have a right to expect that they can have a life with a job . lavoro
what i think we can do , and should do more , is to make sure that we help set a regulatory climate in which entrepreneurship can flourish , so that more new jobs can be created and genuinely ; as one door has to close , other doors can be encouraged to open . posti
i also believe that the greatest form of job security any individual can have is in the skill set they can develop , and that is where our priorities should lie . occupazionale
there are , however , also successful examples of restructuring where new jobs have been created and regions have been able to survive and even progress , with longer-term employment . posti
investment will create jobs and deliver the solution to the problems that many colleagues on this side have talked about : investment in new cars , investment in new factories , investment in robots that will cut the cost of production , and investment in quality . posti
it is going to create another thousand jobs . posti
the socialist group in the european parliament is in favour of a policy enabling businesses to create jobs , to modernise and to promote economic development . posti
in 2005 , more than half a million jobs were lost in the european union through restructuring measures . posti
last year 9 000 jobs were lost in germany . posti
this year 900 job losses have been announced in the united kingdom , and more recently the closure of the azambuja factory in portugal , which has been in operation for decades and where 1 200 people work , was announced . annunciata
they range from the case of general motors to that of so many small and medium-sized enterprises right up to what is taking place , for example , in the eaton factory , in piedmont , a business in which the restructuring process and the failure to comply with trade union agreements are seriously threatening jobs . posti
- by applying a policy to increase jobs and to redistribute income fairly , given that high productivity and poverty result in recession and unemployment ; occupazione
finally , the last point that i wanted to highlight concerns job creation . posti
i wanted to draw your attention here to the member states that have rightly made job creation a key feature of their projects by investing more than 35 % of the esf funds in modernising their education and training systems . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , research and development are of crucial importance to increasing europe ’ s growth potential and to creating new jobs . occupazione
in order to increase investment in scientific research , improve european competitiveness and create more jobs , we need increased and more effective contributions to information and innovation . occupazione
a regional level nuts ii for establishing consortiums is the minimum level required in order to provide sufficient geographical coverage for the comprehensive range of services essential to the job of successfully implementing european policy in this area . positivamente
the communication simply recommends that the european union should continue to favour research and innovation as vital stimuli for change in contemporary society , something it has declared to be a priority for many years , and that it should above all view economic development as a decisive instrument for stimulating the job market . lavoro
– madam president , the use of technologies and innovation in economics , business and commerce unquestionably makes a decisive contribution to soaring increases in the productivity of labour and to the creation of new , quality jobs . posti
within the framework of regional convergence in technological pioneering and development and the completion of the single job market , i consider that it would be a good idea to promote the participation of small and medium-sized companies in european technology platforms . lavoro
we are not talking today about a policy of subsidies for great industrial dinosaurs ; that model represented a bottomless pit for public resources and hindered the creation of new opportunities for creating stable jobs with futures . posti
. – commissioner , i hope this debate will make the commission pay greater attention to the importance of the various industrial sectors in the eu , and to its vital contribution to the creation of wealth and jobs . posti
there can be no continuation of a policy of negotiations within the world trade organisation that overlooks the various industrial sectors , jobs with rights , regional development and economic and social cohesion . occupazione
job satisfaction and employees ’ ability to cope are important , and they can help to ensure that we have an effective and lasting workforce . gratificazione
we therefore call for an effort to be made along these lines ; we call for the globalisation adjustment fund , too , to take account of this aspect relating to sectoral restructuring , to the ability to help workers retrain for new jobs and to the professional skills that are of use to an integrated system that is able to innovate , as my fellow members have also said . professioni
if , in accordance with the rule of law , the disabled are quite rightly obliged to respect the law like all other citizens – they can be sent to prison , for example – why do the principles of equal participation not apply to the job market ? lavoro
what measures is the commission taking in order to safeguard trade union representation and the application of employment legislation to job targets ? occupazionali
nevertheless , jobs in certain european industrial sectors , in particular smes , are under threat as a result of structural problems that must be tackled . posti
to conclude , we must believe in european manufacturing : it has potential for wealth and jobs . occupazione
we must not pursue a policy that involves us protecting old-established industry , which will not provide the new jobs of the future . posti
when it comes to the possibilities for investment and for the creation of jobs in europe , we are talking here in terms of hundreds of billions . posti
mr simpson and mr stockmann have done a very good job , for which both of them deserve thanks . lavoro
the latter will pay more long-term dividends than any government-funded initiatives on research and development , and provide the growth and jobs and prosperity that our union desperately needs . posti
the commission must be given the responsibilities and the resources that it needs to draw up a roadmap , whereby we can grow and can create more jobs , just as we have done for the internal market and the single currency . posti
this is why it is very important that when we are talking about the european union 's further expansion , we must not forget that it is also our job to deal with the impact of the last , and biggest expansion so far , in 2004 , as well as to focus on the european union 's capacity . compito
mr president , the finnish presidency will not just be a transitional presidency , but a key presidency from the viewpoint of the eu ’ s most important strategy , the growth and jobs strategy . occupazione
there has to be constant collaboration between the council , the commission and parliament if we are to finish the job in november at the latest . lavori
from this perspective , both the council and parliament have done an excellent job over the years of work that we have behind us , because they have reconciled their positions to a great extent and have made this instrument much more usable , and have done so , too , in an effort to boost innovation . lavoro
the knock-on effects could seriously damage the 30 000 people employed in the boat industry , the 70 000 people whose jobs are supported by marine tourism and the gbp 700 million spent by boaters every year . diportisti
as mr stockmann has done such a splendid job as rapporteur , i shall be voting in favour of compromise amendment 1 . lavoro
europeans expect a better job to be made of sorting out future crises through cooperation between the council of europe , all the countries of europe and ourselves in the european parliament . lavoro
– mr president , commissioner , the committee ’ s great claim was that it was in the business of establishing fact , and it has made a credible job of it , with 26 hearings , a visit to the usa , and close cooperation with the council of europe and the commission , not least here in this house , but has anything new emerged from all this ? lavoro
the council of ministers cannot influence decisions on interest rates , and , moreover , the independence of the central bank needs to be protected , so that it can continue to do its job . lavoro
as well as migration policy , the priorities for developing countries themselves should be strategies for the establishment and expansion of their economy and the creation of jobs for their labour forces . posti
our external action at community and national level gives us many opportunities to create conditions of sustainable development in countries and communities which suffer from absolute poverty , to create jobs , democratic institutions and structures and protection for human and social rights . posti
- there is no mention whatsoever of solidarity with the opel / gm workers , and in particular the 1 700-plus workers ( and their families ) of the opel factory in azambuja , portugal , whose jobs are under threat due to the indifference of the gm board to the potential economic , social and regional consequences . posti
they are insulting hypocrisy , given that immigrants throughout the eu are subject to the harshest exploitation of capital , in poorly paid , uninsured jobs , with no access to fundamental social and political rights , permanently hostage to the reactionary institutional framework of the member states and of the εu , which illegally keeps millions of immigrants prisoner . lavori
the greek communist party supports the fair applications of immigrants for legal status , the abolition of undeclared , uninsured jobs , increased wages and salaries , equal pay for jobs of equal value , improved , free public education and health services and full political rights for everyone . lavori
does he agree with her statement last week that if we accepted the g20 proposals in their entirety we would lose up to half a million jobs in the supply chain , with beef production in the likes of ireland and france being wiped out and poultry production disappearing altogether ? posti
it is not a question of protecting eu trade , of protecting eu jobs ; it surely is a question of protecting the consumer across the world . posti
finally – and here i conclude - the anti-immigration cooperation project must help to create jobs in mauritania and to give migrants a reception that is worthy of the values espoused in europe . occupazione
no agency can do a proper job of work if it does not have enough money . lavorare
something must be done about this , and i very much hope that the satellite monitoring system that the emsa is to help set up will enable us to make a better job of dealing with the criminal acts in our waters . efficacemente
that is why it is important for us to give the emsa , which provides the member states with important support , the necessary financial security for it to do its job . lavoro
i must say that he has done a fantastic job in cooperation with the council with a view to reaching an agreement at first reading , since it was important to guarantee the stability and the work of this maritime safety agency . lavoro
it would be a serious mistake to leave the job only half done , because the transitional process remains poised on a knife-edge . lavoro
mr forrest creates 630 jobs through his company ; he creates hospitals and schools : a whole social system is developing there . posti
what i do know is that a belgian journalist carried out an investigation on mr forrest and that he became a supporter of mr forrest , simply because he creates jobs . posti
it threatens parity and prosperity for the developing world , jobs , growth and security in europe , and the future of the multilateral trade system itself . occupazione
our job is primarily to ensure two things : firstly , that all developing countries benefit and gain from these negotiations and , secondly , that the weaker , more vulnerable and less-developed among them receive the greatest direct assistance , not least in terms of capacity-building , aid for trade and the putting in place of a full duty-free and quota-free system that enables them to access rich world markets . compito
i would take this opportunity to pay tribute to the many hundreds of interpreters who , day in and day out , do an excellent and high-quality job . lavoro
aid does not simply mean short-term actions , but also helping the victims of violence to gain access to the job market , for example , thereby facilitating their efficient integration into society . lavoro
organisations such as child focus , the european federation for missing and sexually exploited children , the european network of ombudsmen for children ( enoc ) and the countless national and operational ngos are doing a great job . lavoro
the report emphasises deep structural reforms that in practice will lead to the collapse of public social security systems , thereby casting aside the main weapon at our disposal for protecting social inclusion , for combating poverty , unequal distribution of income , job insecurity and unemployment , and for promoting the dignity of those in work . occupazionale
one of the key elements arising from the debate is the recognition at last that , unless the economic wealth can be created , together with the employment terms to guarantee jobs and security within those jobs and rights after those jobs , then the european social model is non-existent . lavoro
but , also , when we speak about harmonisation of taxation or harmonisation of the minimum wage , this obviously militates against creating equality , because countries that at present have lower wages and a high level of social protection could be made uncompetitive , with business and companies being attracted elsewhere and jobs lost . posti
this report emphasises the role of the member states and their competences , especially their role in securing jobs leading to economic growth and prosperity . posti
it is time to face reality : one man ’ s job protection is another man ’ s unemployment . lavoro
if we want to achieve the lisbon objectives , if we want to face up to the challenges of globalisation , if we want growth and jobs and competitiveness and prosperity , then we have to start to dismantle the european social model . occupazione
in my view , a key question is the need to create ever more jobs . posti
for this purpose , and in relation to the social model , it is important to stress : only more jobs , and therefore , obviously , support for the small and medium-sized enterprise sector can make it possible even to speak of elements of change within the social model . occupazione
sadly , it is in the new member states that there are the least jobs available and those that do exist are of a poor quality , the pay most often ranging between 200 and 500 euros per month , while the cost of living is almost on a par with the rest of europe . posti
what i find praiseworthy in the report is the promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises , which continue to provide most jobs and traineeships , along with ' flexicurity ' , the innovative approach combining flexible labour markets , modern labour organisation , security and social protection . posti
full employment , temporary work , youth unemployment and women ’ s unemployment require an ambitious employment policy , which promotes the stability and security of jobs . lavoro
the creation of new jobs can , in the absence of suitable guarantees , still lead to the trap of exploitation . posti
while i do of course understand that there are loopholes in the law , it is – if i understand these things rightly – your job to close them . compito
i am obliged to you for your question , since it gives me the opportunity to clarify that the industry policy to which i am committed – as also is the commission – is not one that defends the interests of ‘ shareholder value ’ ; on the contrary , the object of this industry policy is to secure in the long term high-quality jobs in europe . posti
the main goal of the policy i defend is to provide people with good-quality jobs , and enough of them . posti
one i would mention in particular is the european globalisation adjustment fund , which has now – at the commission ’ s suggestion – been set up , the funds allocated to which are primarily intended to help workers affected by rapid structural changes to gain further qualifications or find new jobs . lavoro
i would point out to you that the commission is currently working on a policy intended to remedy the skills shortages in europe , improving the content of jobs and improving employment opportunities in numerous sectors , specifically in information and communications technology , machine-building , the textile and leather industry and various areas of raw materials production and manufacturing industry . ruoli
we firmly believe that the ‘ bureaucracy reduction and better lawmaking ’ project is a cross-cutting task for the whole of the commission , a task that involves all the directorates-general , and will make a vital contribution to strengthening the role of smes and encouraging more people in europe to start up their own business , to take a risk themselves , and thereby provide jobs for others . posti
job requirements related to flexibility , education and skills have been getting tougher , with the result that middle-aged and older employees are unable to adapt to the changing conditions . lavorativi
no doubt the european commission has something to say about this , as does the rapporteur , in paragraph 24 , who talks of rural isolation , working conditions , job insecurity and unemployment . lavoro
at the same time , we must face the fact that just as desk jobs are bad for the back , or the use of chemicals increases the incidence of allergies , so stress , the information overload and the lack of stable reference points in our society make it more difficult to preserve mental health . lavori
i do not think we should repeat the mistakes of the past , and in that sense we must stand very firm in supporting the un special envoy , martti ahtisaari , whom i feel is doing an excellent job . lavoro
it is also true that peace and appropriate institutions lay the foundation for better economic conditions and job creation , which kosovo desperately needs . posti
the government is doing a splendid job in the educational field and thereby giving the many young albanians a bit more of a future ; i very much hope that it will do everything necessary to enable them to participate in the european union ’ s new educational programmes after 2007 . lavoro
we must comply with lisbon to ensure economic coordination measures and employment and social protection policies , which will , in turn , deliver economic growth , increased competitiveness and the creation of more and better jobs , in a sustainable fashion . posti
it is not enough merely to announce reforms and to promise more jobs . posti
i wonder what muslims in britain and across europe think when the british conservatives say that troops from muslim countries cannot be relied upon to do their job in a united nations force ? dovere
recently , the member states have renewed their commitment to the lisbon objectives , including increased levels of employment and the availability of better jobs , which are evident in their national reform programmes . posti
the presidency may nevertheless have an important job to do in raising these issues , especially while the work of the council of ministers is being organised . ruolo
youth employment is also certainly high up on the agenda in the talks to be held by the employment , social policy , health and consumer affairs council on 1 december on demography and enhancing productivity through more and better jobs . posti
the commission is currently doing a tremendous job in dealing with eu-china relations in more than 20 different policy fields , including foreign policy , global security issues and energy issues . lavoro
it has not been an easy job to construct an eu-china report , because there are a multitude of factors that have needed to be considered . lavoro
mr maat was right when he said that the commission must make a good job of it . compito
in the motion for a resolution presented by mr gargani , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , there is another very interesting proposal , and that is that it is not just a matter of the european parliament cooperating with the commission in the negotiations at the hague conference , but also of setting up a kind of parliamentary forum – a job that this parliament could do – which would bring us together with members of national parliaments . compito
while it does tell us that we chose the wrong legal basis , it does not tell us how we could have made a better job of it , although that , indeed , is not what the court is there to do ; it is for us to take care how we go about doing things . spetta
defending the heritage of rural and island areas in this way is also a means of reversing the trend towards the abandonment of many of the places concerned and of creating focal points for attracting jobs and generating wealth and sustainable development . posti
i also think it very important that we should , in working for the cultural diversity of europe , consider more than just the 2007 culture programme and understand this as a real horizontal task and as a network policy including also agricultural policy and structural policy , that we should make use of the various programmes such as urban , leader , and interreg , since it has to be made clear that this is not only an important task in terms of cultural policy , it also has to do with preparing people to do jobs – as restauratore
it focuses on aid for micro-enterprises , young farmers , traditional handicrafts and trades , local customs and traditions , which will help assure job creation and a better and more attractive life in the countryside . posti
forest fires do not only bring about huge losses , they also affect people ’ s way of life , especially in the less wealthy areas that have to confront the adverse effects on infrastructure , on economic potential , on jobs , on the natural and cultural heritage , on the environment and on tourism , which have a knock-on effect on economic and social cohesion . occupazione
it is therefore estimated that 100 000 jobs have been lost in europe as a result of the manufacture and placing on the market of counterfeit products . posti
even so , whenever i am in the region from which i come or visiting others , and sit down with local politicians and the providers of services of general interest to discuss these , i have to deal with their complaints to the effect that we are interfering in their remits , making their jobs more difficult , and failing to make clear under what conditions they can operate . complicando
the record of deregulation over the past decade itself demonstrates how false these neo-liberal claims are ; in the energy and postal sectors alone , hundreds of thousands of jobs have been wiped out , and those who still have a job generally find themselves working under worse conditions . posti
in slovakia , local and regional authorities elected and controlled by the public have done a good job in providing services for the common good and they are capable of continuing to secure rights relating to codecision , consumer protection and public welfare . lavoro
these activities will create jobs to tackle the 80 % unemployment which we face , particularly among our youth . posti
there is no doubt that any improvement in mobility in education and training will help achieve a knowledge-based economy conducive to creating jobs and sustainable development , which are the cornerstones of the lisbon strategy . posti
that is the job of commissioner rehn , and he has done it today . compito
after all , our job is to take our citizens with us on this path . compito
that is not the eu ’ s job . compito
on balance , mr eurlings has done an exceptional job in producing a tough but fair report on the story of turkish accession so far . lavoro
in effect , are we not really trading jobs and emissions ... posti
the structural funds will bring a substantial contribution to the economies of new member states and , if used well , should provide the means to ensure steady growth and job creation . posti
on the contrary , it is commonly agreed that money spent on acquired language skills ensures a good return to the individual , his or her family , companies and society at large in terms of higher salaries , better jobs and increased business opportunities . posti
the guidelines seek to provide a clear and consistent approach in support of growth and jobs under the renewed lisbon strategy . occupazione
this vision is about developing our unique system of multilevel governance by taking policy closer to the local and regional levels , closer to the people and closer to the place where growth and jobs are created . occupazione
we have attached importance to emphasising that the eu is striving to create not just any jobs , but better-quality , sustainable jobs . occupazione
for this reason , we must concentrate resources on this field , not only on job creation , but also , for example , on the development of transport infrastructure or the improvement of the environmental situation in towns and cities . occupazione
the new strategic guidelines rightly focus more than before on growth and jobs , with the emphasis on knowledge and information society , entrepreneurship and employment . occupazione
within the framework of the strategic guidelines , therefore , recommendations have been introduced which must be stressed : the creation of more and better jobs ; innovation and the knowledge-based economy , which contribute to the elimination of the digital divide ; environmental investments , which guarantee sustainability and the management of natural resources ; transport infrastructures and accessibility , which allow equal opportunities to be offered to the people most in need of them , such as the elderly , the disabled and women . posti
today health no longer means simply improving the health care system or making it more accessible , but includes creating more and better jobs , the goals of sustainable development as well as the principle of equal opportunity already mentioned . posti
we all know what an enormous job it is to prepare such a document . lavoro
while the implementation of the lisbon agenda is largely a matter for the member states , i am nevertheless pleased that the strategic guidelines set out an ambitious programme for growth and jobs , which we hope will be realised throughout the european union . occupazione
recent research shows that the overall growth in gdp in the new member states from 2007 to 2013 will be in the region of 7-12 % , and that 2.5 million jobs could be created . posti
it is estimated that a future-oriented project such as this can yield 150 000 extra jobs , and i know that industry cannot wait to take part in it . posti
i know of cases of history teachers and electricians : qualified people who come here but who cannot find jobs for qualified workers , because they obviously become mixed up with people who have no qualifications whatsoever ; in my opinion , saying that the problem is one of depriving developing countries of people who can , instead , help those countries to get out of their underdeveloped state is the wrong message for the european union to be sending out . lavori
- an end to repressive , securitarian policies that criminalise immigrants , who after all are just men and women looking for a job and a decent life ; lavoro
it will then be our job to coordinate the research in order to achieve compatible solutions at a european level . compito
in this respect , it is very important that a proactive european immigration policy is developed and its quantitative and qualitative management established , while at the same time we bear in mind the question of stability in our job markets . lavoro
as commissioner frattini said , we must also take a serious view of the fact that the illegal job market and the grey economy are responsible for human and economic chaos . lavoro
we do not accept the change implied by these strategic guidelines , insofar as they make cohesion play second fiddle to competitiveness ; in other words , the objective of economic and social cohesion becomes secondary to the ' lisbon strategy ' objectives and their neoliberal agenda of liberalising the markets and public services , encouraging deregulation and reducing job security , privatising social security and selling off teaching and research to the highest bidder . lavoro
contrary to what is claimed , and as many user groups and consumer protection organisations have proved , liberalisation has led to more difficult access to services , lower service quality , higher prices and the loss of thousands of jobs , on the pretext of sectoral restructuring . posti
the results of this policy will be particularly painful for the workers : the loss of thousands of jobs , worse industrial relations and a fall in the standard of living . posti
the only job that these millions of people used to have was that of working the land ; they now find themselves deprived of this basic right and are reduced to cultivating – when they can – a few dozen square metres around the camps , running the risk of being attacked by the very people who destroyed their villages . occupazione
the benefits associated with trade liberalisation and globalisation as far as women are concerned include , in particular , new and often well-paying jobs . remunerativi
women , and especially young women , are easily recruited by international criminal gangs , who promise them well-paid jobs in wealthy countries only to throw them into forced prostitution . posti
there can be no doubting the depth of the crisis , with , across the eu , a 35 % fall in jobs in ten years , falling prices , falling catches , a 40 % dependence on imports , and a 100 % hike in fuel prices in the last two years . occupazione
previous fisheries directives led to considerable job losses , with the result that europe now imports 40 % of its needs . lavoro
over the last 10 years , 35 % of jobs and 20 % of vessels have been lost , in an industry concentrated above all in regions with a weak and particularly fragile economy . posti
if we just bear those points in mind , we can help those parts of the weakest regions in the european economic system that have close links with fishing to protect their jobs and to continue supplying europe ’ s consumers . occupazionali
this aid must compensate for the permanent loss of income arising from the disappearance of jobs , and for the reduction in income resulting from recovery plans and from far-reaching changes in cost-effectiveness due to external circumstances . posti
hoping that time proves me wrong , i once again congratulate the rapporteur on a job well done . ottimo
what we need at the moment , though , is every job we can get ; it is because we must not blow out of the water the lisbon strategy that is on our lips every day that we have to make nanotech more real to people . posti
nanotechnology is already creating jobs ; i myself have visited firms working in this field and find it utterly fascinating . occupazione
although coordination has been talked about for years , huge challenges remain when it comes to harmonising procedures and doing a better job of coordinating the eu ’ s various cooperation programmes . riscontrate
nevertheless , it is not the job of the eu to raise objections to india ’ s domestic political affairs . compito
however , i question whether we would want them to be able to have the two jobs at once – i do not think that was intended – and i think that could be clarified . cariche
the commission , myself and – i am sure – the european parliament itself intend to prevent any overlapping of powers between the future agency and the council of europe , which already does a fine job of protecting and promoting fundamental rights . lavoro
the agency will be a service facility with the job of assisting us . incarico
i have , for many years , been teaching my university students that the commission is the guardian of the treaties and watches over them and that it is the european court of justice that exists to guarantee the judicial protection of european law , and does an outstanding job of it too . lavoro
i am voting against both of these reports because mrs kósáne kovács ’ report will most likely stress that it is the job of the eu to decide on and implement a common foreign and security policy . spetta
he said that any funding would also go towards supporting workers who had directly lost their jobs . lavoro
does this mean the commission has changed its view on supporting workers who have lost their jobs through this scare ? lavoro
in calling for the customs services to be fully computerized as quickly as possible , parliament therefore hopes to help prevent fraud and protect jobs . posti
it is unhelpful to the companies producing research-based innovative drugs ; it is unhelpful to the consumer who enjoys less choice , and it is unhelpful to society which eventually pays a higher price in terms of a weaker industry and fewer jobs . posti
in the united states they see the generic medicine sector as an important job creator . occupazione
the preliminary work carried out by the reflection group has therefore been most valuable , and even though they may not have enabled us to come to definite conclusions , it was not , after all , their job to find the answers . compito
the construction of trans-european networks , increased research , and support for the 17 million small and medium-sized businesses that alone account for 70 % of new jobs created within the union , are all equally important issues . lavorative
six million jobs have been lost and 55 million people are living on the poverty line . posti
in turin you talked about challenges , but you ignored the risk of making the union look like the ideal model for destroying jobs in the eyes of the world , safeguarding positions of privilege for those lucky enough to be in secure categories and protecting certain sectors which are almost always unproductive . posti
policies will have to be developed which are capable of generating economic growth and new jobs for the millions of unemployed ; of tackling international crime and drug smuggling ; of settling the difficult question of the future funding of europe from the year 2000 onwards and of moving forward with the single currency project . occupazione
and thirdly , as regards the countries of central and eastern europe and the internal market , there is a need to combat fraudulent activity in the field of imports , particularly along the european union 's eastern frontier , whereby the union is losing hundreds of millions of ecu and thousands of jobs every year . posti
in the domain of education , the committee warns everyone concerned to avoid putting immediate political gains - such as securing industrial jobs in the short term - before the long-term goal of high-quality basic and advanced training . posti
i think the commissioner is doing a very good job in what is an extremely difficult situation . lavoro
and speaking of small businesses , mr president , we are not just talking about corner shops owned by little old ladies , but about many young people who are trying to make a business for themselves with very little capital and certainly no hoards of staff to do this kind of job for them . mansioni
it is clear as well that the actions of the market in the longer term will lead to lower interest rates which will make it cheaper to borrow for investment and in turn will create jobs . occupazione
however , in view of the strong trend towards migration , especially in rural areas , the economic summary should also include as a criterion the actual number of jobs in a region , in other words the rate of employment . posti
and thirdly , private investment must be stimulated , since this alone can create truly secure jobs . posti
only a stable economy , which is the crucial precondition for participating in monetary union , can create market confidence , encourage trade and investment , and hence stimulate growth and job creation . posti
the only means of creating jobs and ensuring genuine economic and social cohesion is to reexamine the issue of the single currency , which subjects economic policies and national budgets to the domination of the financial markets . occupazione
mr president , i think it is continually becoming easier to grasp the positive consequences of introducing the single currency : reduction of the cost of exchanges , uniform interest rates , the avoidance of inflation caused by money market crises , a boost for the competitiveness of europe 's economy , and finally , development and new job opportunities for the unemployed . lavoro
finally we proposed a community initiative , possibly framed within objective 4 , for the specific purpose of addressing the social and economic effects of the technological developments in the form of a programme which we named hermes aimed at preventing unemployment by upgrading and improving skills and qualification , which we call investing in people , and in order to facilitate the development of new jobs and new activities . posti
these six measures were aimed at enabling the postal service industry to sustain worthwhile and rewarding jobs by providing a service that people want in the form they want it and at a price they can afford . posti
the status of employees would be called into question and job losses would follow , as they did in the case of liberalization in spain , finland and sweden . lavoro
also , the commission itself recognizes in its explanatory memorandum that ' the process of adaptation will lead to job cuts for the postal operators ' . lavoro
users are losing an important part of the service and employees are losing their jobs . lavoro
this technical development has presumably created many , many more jobs than it has taken away . posti
a multitude of new enterprises would also be created , which would provide jobs for many people . lavoro
i am quite well aware that employment can be created artificially but new jobs cannot be talked into existence . posti
otherwise , i naturally agree with you when you say that the internal market has yet to find , through a certain policy of liberalization , the resources to provide new , stable jobs - sustainable jobs from which the young people of tomorrow will be able to benefit . posti
i should like to ask how you assess the value of the single energy market in terms of new job opportunities . occupazione
should not rather the alternative and regenerative forms of energy technology be developed and encouraged more vigorously , so that such innovations can lead to real new jobs in europe and new export opportunities for companies based in europe ? posti
have we not been grossly underestimating the importance of environmental protection as a means of securing and creating jobs ? posti
but this certainly does not exclude , far from it , the compatibility of the policy of competition with new initiatives , especially alternative energy sources and , as you have said , the creation of new jobs , the key to the future , on the basis of a sound environmental policy . posti
indeed , the objective today is to strengthen the competitiveness of european business so that it can create new jobs , jobs for the future . occupazioni
it is not competitiveness that is killing off jobs , but there is a need to find the link between competitiveness and the creation of new jobs . posti
however , demographic growth there is unstoppable and , if it is not accompanied by job creation , the pressure of migration will continue to rise , with all the accompanying problems . posti
once again productive sectors of the poorest countries in the union are affected , particularly in portugal , with the unfortunate but active participation of the present government , with thousands of jobs placed in jeopardy by a trade liberalization which even manages to breach the conditions of gatt which themselves are so onerous . posti
fifthly , and in my view very important , there is the possible spin-off for increased employment and new job opportunities resulting from more information and integration between the various regions , the likely upward trends in tourism and participation in the protection of an environment which embodies the culture and history of the european union . lavorative
parliament should therefore be absolutely rigorous - and i hope that the commission will support us here - in ensuring that the required funds are made available so that the trans-european networks really can play their part in guaranteeing jobs and in securing europe 's long-term future as a business location . occupazione
i am often asked whether innovation will create new jobs . occupazione
narrowly speaking , and in the short term , innovation in a limited field can of course result in fewer jobs . lavoro
however , history shows that societies which have been open to innovation have always been the most competitive societies , societies which have been able to carry on and create new jobs . posti
i am therefore convinced that a society which favours innovation also creates jobs . occupazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i also see this piece of work , the green paper on innovation , for which i express my special thanks to the commission , as an important contribution to the urgent and intensive discussion on the preservation and securing of jobs . posti
jobs will only ever be secure if we establish ourselves in a leading position in the technologies of tomorrow . NULL
the reasons for the higher proportion of women self-starters lie in the marked improvement in the vocational training of women , and another factor nowadays , of course , is that on completion of their vocational training many women have no prospect of finding a job or have to work under the constant threat of unemployment . impiego
at a time when the industry is on its knees with farmers facing bankruptcy and workers in the industry losing their jobs , it is disgraceful that the council of ministers is unable to reach an agreement on a compensation package . lavoro
to date , 36 , 000 people in the united kingdom , employed in the beef industry , have lost their jobs and many others are likely to do so . lavoro
in addition , economic cooperation will be strengthened , with the aim of supporting and developing sectors that create jobs . occupazione
we are always worried about job creation and here is an area where we could really stimulate enormous job potential . occupazione
if ever we were looking for ways to assist job creation , this would be an area that we should be considering . posti
moreover , relaunching short-haul sea transport could provide a fresh incentive for economic activity in certain regions , creating new jobs . posti
drought , storm damage , floods would become more likely and medium and long-term insurance costs are therefore likely to become considerable burdens on industry and consequently on job creation . occupazione
the council seems to have forgotten that sustainable jobs depend on a sustainable environment . occupazione
it is the role of the community to persuade its member states to take action and i hope the commission will take that job seriously and persuade all member states to cooperate fully in producing that action . persuada
since 1993 , competitive devaluations have caused numerous jobs in the european union to be put at risk , and even lost . NULL
mr president , it is not in any sense part of my job this morning to answer comments made by previous speakers . compiti
it is not part of my job to anticipate what the speakers on behalf of the social affairs committee may say on that matter , but it is very clear , with the high level of unemployment in the european union , that it is unacceptable that there should be something like 18 million unemployed in our society , with 50 million living in poverty or in near poverty . NULL
consolidation of the process of adjustment , in its current form , is the way to create a macro-economic framework which increases growth and creates jobs . posti
there is no alternative to the commission 's recommended policy of reducing public deficits in order to create jobs . posti
internal demand in the eu is depressed because of the attack on social protection and jobs . occupazione
but if we were able to achieve the economic equivalent of nuclear fusion and fuse our economies together , we all know that the benefits would be great and that we would produce a lot of economic energy through a growth in trade on our continent and a lot more jobs , which is so important . posti
it is obvious that the new jobs and sectors of the future are not thriving in today 's eu . impieghi
i am convinced that cooperation on economic stability and a common currency is the most important contribution that the eu can make towards the creation of better conditions under which we can all be more competitive , achieve greater growth and thus create new jobs . occupazione
on the jobs front , our structural policy must be to reduce working hours . posti
what concerns me is the revision that has taken place on those growth figures and the likely impact on jobs . occupazione
the jobs , i believe , will not come with such low revised figures and what we really need is the measures outlined in the resolution that will go before parliament shortly so that those jobs are created . revisionate
modest growth in itself will not bring those jobs . posti
only by getting people back to work , getting people to pay taxes , reducing social security spending as a whole , will we actually get to meet those debt and deficit criteria and see jobs and the single currency at the same time . posti
we know that growth does not guarantee jobs but without growth jobs will not be created at all . occupazione
what we need are the measures outlined in our resolution in order to see the real growth and the real jobs that we need in europe so desperately . occupazione
as the french socialists see it , we should instead promote economic growth by bringing interest rates down , abandoning the fight against inflation , which is now in any event practically non-existent , channelling profits towards investment in order to create jobs , implementing a regeneration programme based on the delors white paper , and reducing working hours so that people can share them more fairly . occupazione
so i was astonished to hear the criticisms made of these guidelines , criticisms which would seem to suggest that people would prefer to have inflation and deficits , neither of which has ever created jobs , as far as i am aware . occupazione
if deficits created jobs , then europe would probably be suffering from over-employment at the moment . occupazione
i would point out that in 1995 , currency fluctuations cost europe half a percentage point of growth and one and a half million jobs . posti
madam president , i think our translators do an excellent job , but on this occasion i would like to ask for the dutch version of the report by mr gasòliba to be revised again . lavoro
with emu , however , the eu has established an economic policy which puts price stability and balanced budgets above all else , which may entail cuts in public services and cause many more jobs to disappear . posti
yet it should be pointed out that in peripheral maritime countries fishery accounts for much economic activity and many jobs . occupazione
portugal 's accession to the cfp and the nafo crisis have lead , in four years , to a 70 % reduction in the fishing fleet and the direct or indirect loss of some 12000 jobs . posti
similarly , in terms of the employment generated , preference should be given to vessels which provide most jobs relative to the amount of fish they catch . posti
has the commission , madam commissioner , actually assessed the economic and social effects of an almost 50 % cut in the fishery sector which represents more than 15000 jobs in portugal ? posti
this is not conducive to promotion of conservation of fish stocks or to security of jobs of local fishermen , or to the livelihood and the thriving of local communities . lavoro
therefore , small-scale fisheries , which provide more jobs , are not covered by the proposed reduction . occupazione
you will be aware , commissioner , that these farmers and their families are concerned for their future , since tobacco farming is an activity of great social importance which creates and supports a large number of jobs in the regions concerned . lavoro
according to our estimates , some 400 000 jobs throughout the union depend on it . posti
some members of the house - including the last questioner - have drawn attention to the importance of retaining this aid and preserving jobs in tobacco growing . posti
the commission has no precise statistics on how many jobs have been lost , or are at risk , in the processing industry , in slaughterhouses or in the cattle trade , as a result of the bse crisis . posti
i find it disappointing given the scale of the crisis that we have with bse that the commission has not yet asked for figures or started to look at the monitoring of the situation as far as jobs are concerned beyond the measures that the commissioner has spoken about such as intervention and confidence-building . posti
it is the commission 's responsibility to produce an annual employment report in the european union and therefore i would suggest that it is very important that the commission actually starts some scheme of monitoring the jobs and the sectors that are under threat in this crisis . posti
i know anecdotally , as an individual member of the european parliament , that there are thousands of jobs under threat across the european union because of the bse crisis , not only in my own constituency , but in many of the european union countries outside the united kingdom . posti
i would ask what steps the commission intends to take to ask for figures from the member states on the threat to jobs and jobs that have already disappeared because of the bse crisis ? posti
mrs crawley 's question was about people in associated industries , the people who lost their jobs as a result of the ban , who work in the road haulage industry , the slaughterhouses , the meat-processing industry . lavoro
after all , unemployment is one of the worst problems in europe today , so it cannot be of any help if we make it impossible to keep jobs in europe by imposing unreasonable requirements on our own workplaces in the union . posti
but i wish i could agree with my colleague , mr schnellhardt , that the commission should be left to get on with the job . lavoro
it is this conviction which led me to propose a confidence pact for jobs and it is this same conviction which was the basis of the communication from the commission i presented to you on 5 june in brussels under the title ' action for jobs - a confidence pact ' . occupazione
the foundations of the strategy for jobs now exist and are sound . occupazionale
fourthly , as a matter of priority , using european structural policies for job creation in allocating the uncommitted ecu billions available up to 1999 . occupazione
this friday and saturday in florence our fifteen prime ministers have a job to do . compito
for my group it is entirely unacceptable and unforgivable for one government to prevent action on measures to create jobs when that same government has in its own hands the resolution to this institutional crisis . occupazione
we had hoped that the florence council would be a council for jobs . occupazione
we need to talk about the igc , of course , about foreign policy , but the major objective was jobs . occupazione
the most original feature of this debate , i think , was the promise you made on jobs , mr president of the commission . seconde
i live in an area of europe where unemployment is over 20 % of the population of working age , where of 100 young people looking for work 55 do not find a job and many of them , long term unemployed , are now well over thirty-two years old . lavoro
madam president , by way of an introduction we heard mr santer express the wish that the florence summit should be a real turning point , marking the mobilisation of europe to ensure real progress on the labour market and the creation of more jobs . posti
but consider for a moment the plight of the millions of people in long-term unemployment and the many people who have never had a job and who struggle through life in dire poverty . lavoro
on the summit agenda will be proposals for a stability pact to boost job creation , measures to encourage small and medium-sized businesses , measures to boost investment in trans-european networks and measures to ensure that the single market operates more effectively . posti
jobs must be the florence priority and nothing - absolutely nothing - should be allowed to distract us from this objective . NULL
we need to concentrate resources on investments that create jobs , including those in the eu structural funds . posti
first , unemployment and jobs . occupazione
we must therefore concern ourselves in the first place with the problem of unemployment and jobs . occupazione
we are of the opinion that a " relaxation of monetary policy ' is only possible where it does not lead to the endangering of price stability , of interest levels and , therefore , of a possible upturn in the economy , because this is the prerequisite for the creation of new jobs in europe . posti
firstly , i am in broad agreement with the analysis presented by the president of the commission , jacques santer , and i repeat his turn of phrase here : madrid was the council of currency , florence should be the council for jobs . occupazione
the european union will once again emerge discredited if no concrete proposals emerge from this council to expand employment , both by creating jobs with major public works and by economic measures to promote growth , and not forgetting job sharing . posti
this assessment is undoubtedly partly true , particularly as regards reform of the job market , reduction of charges on the low paid and adaptation of the education system , including professional training , to market requirements . lavoro
for in an ideal situation , the more rebuilding progresses and the less we shall need humanitarian aid , the more it will be possible to mobilize appropriations for housing and employment and the more those with homes and jobs will once again become free human beings . lavoro
the return of refugees will not be possible , because there are no houses or jobs in sight . lavoro
encourage the formation of local infrastructures instead of looking for orders for eu companies and jobs for eu advisers ! appaltatori
jobs are absolutely essential in order to give people prospects and in order to make them immune to the inflammatory speeches of their leaders , some of whom are criminals . lavoro
mr söderman , i wish you all the best in your new job and , in particular , as a portuguese member of this parliament , i hope that you will deal properly with your first portuguese cases , because the way in which you deal with them will be important for convincing the people of my country that it is worthwhile calling on your services . funzioni
with the appointment by the european parliament of mr söderman from finland , i believe we have chosen very much the right man for the job . carica
my job - and i have considered the question in depth - was to establish what the real situation is . compito
as long as turkey can shelter behind the provisions of article 11 of the convention against torture - and thus oppose the publication of the reports in which the control commission , whose job it is , denounces these violations - human rights will be violated behind a cloak of anonymity , not to say general indifference . anonimato
we are always talking about pacts for employment and employment policies , but we often forget to defend traditional sectors like this which is one of the sectors in agriculture with the highest level of job density . occupazione
the european commission clearly has a job to do here in launching a community initiative . spetta
i also know that employment requires a certain amount of growth , and that we need to use our internal market to stimulate all the necessary forces to create a growth which is rich in jobs . occupazione
deregulation is not an end in itself , but deregulation - or the liberalization of some sectors - may be regarded as a way of promoting a number of new jobs for the future , thanks to modern technology . posti
that is no way to create jobs . posti
economic and monetary union cannot be seen as opposed to the creation of jobs . occupazione
ireland , for example , has dramatically reduced its public deficit while at the same time creating new jobs . posti
next , the social partners must be given every opportunity to participate in negotiations on job flexibility and job security , on the standardization of working hours , on education , apprenticeship , etc . , while at the same time stimulating new initiatives such as small- and medium-sized enterprises , etc .. lavoro
enormous courage and political imagination will be needed , not only to confound the mistaken idea that the plan for european economic and monetary union is anti-social , requiring the sacrifice of jobs , but to counter the direct threat to the structure of the european civil contract , which includes solidarity and cooperation in its basic ingredients . posti
the council recognized the need to give fresh stimulus to the job creation strategy . posti
at florence agreement was also reached to use the existing margins of manoeuvre in the context of the structural funds for policies and actions geared to the creation of jobs : some ecu 13 billion will become available for this purpose . posti
the report on the financing of the transeuropean networks , about which we have all been talking , and the creation of jobs that must flow from it is a sad example . occupazione
if the italian presidency can leave that message of openness and flexibility behind it , it will have done a really good job and it will have set ambitious and positive goals for the future of the intergovernmental conference . lavoro
within the imposed limits i think we have done a good job , although it is understandable that there is deep dissatisfaction amongst those who believed we could run faster towards the achievement of closer european unity and economic strategies on which we can all operate together . lavoro
europe , today , is losing jobs ; tomorrow , perhaps , it will start losing its soul and its culture . suoi
their implementation would not create new jobs but at most lead to a regional shift in the unemployment figures . occupazione
the other point to be resolved concerns the financing needed by small- and medium-sized enterprises and by a policy of major projects , such as the transeuropean network project , which would enable jobs to be created - an important aspect , incidently , of the ' growth and employment ' theme debated by the council . posti
however , i deeply regret the abject failure of european leaders to agree action to create jobs . posti
it is no less important to act now to gain the benefits identified in the cecchini and delors reports of creating jobs through the dynamics of european economic integration . occupazione
this week has seen some 1 , 400 jobs lost in the footwear industry in england to low-cost producers overseas . 400
the deceit of the cecchini report , which promised us five million jobs and gave us twenty-five million unemployed . posti
what is the point of all the important decisions on stronger methods of combatting crime if we are not able to offer millions of young people in this european union jobs and prospects for the future ? lavoro
today these same governments are not even able to spend a fraction of the money already set aside in the european agricultural budget on the areas of trans-european networks , small and medium-sized undertakings and research in order to create more jobs and prefer to pass on this unpleasant ball to their own finance ministers . posti
i would have expected the florence summit to have acted as quickly in relation to the review of the financial perspective with a view to the creation of new jobs as it did when it supported the farmers affected by the bse epidemic . posti
in the conclusions from the presidency , under the comments on job creation and competitiveness , all it says is that the council will take note of the commission 's proposals on the budgetary issues . occupazione
the report by the working group asserts that there is a correlation between legislative simplification and increased growth and job creation . posti
yet we do not take one measure in the form of renewable energy which would certainly provide jobs . posti
it secures jobs and ensures cooperation with the third world and the mediterranean in particular . occupazione
by promoting regional projects and activities new jobs can be created . posti
mr president , small businesses is big business for the european union as we strive for growth recovery in jobs . occupazione
the commission and parliament acknowledge the need to focus on the specialized area which in the american hothouse of nasdaq has netted 16 % of all new jobs in the early nineties despite representing only a minuscule 0.04 % of all us company listings . posti
i think they are necessary and indispensable , but intrinsically there is nothing about them which creates employment , since the only thing they do is to adapt situations to present-day life and frequently jobs are unfortunately lost . posti
i should like to consider the statement that there will be an automatic net creation of jobs , as was mentioned . posti
there is no doubt that strengthening new technologies , processes and procedures creates employment , but unfortunately harsh reality confirms that frequently more jobs are lost than are created . posti
it relates to smes , which are the backbone of business activity in many member states and which are the main sector in which new jobs can be created . posti
first , so far as jobs are concerned , it is not clear where those jobs have been created and in which sectors ; second , it is not clear how the aid has been distributed between large and small countries , and perhaps it would be appropriate for the commission to examine ways of favouring outlying and peripheral regions ; finally , i believe that the commission ought to submit proposals to extend the programme , which has ben shown to be both useful and beneficial . posti
at the moment people in these centres feel they are doing a good job . lavoro
similarly , it is noteworthy that some member states are publishing much higher job creation forecasts than others , and again that some member states are , it seems , able to create jobs with infinitely smaller loans than the others . posti
i should remind you that the original mechanism was intended to promote investment to create jobs , not to subsidise the creation of jobs . occupazione
consequently , it would be dubious under these conditions to create a mechanical link between the total subsidy - ecu 30 , 000 per job created - and the number of jobs created , without taking into account the type of investment made or the quality and durability of the jobs created , even if we favour endeavouring to ensure that the community scheme produces the best effect on employment . lavoro
of course these are questions of fundamental importance affecting the most important social problem raised by the european union , namely that of employment , and let us remember once again that it is precisely the small- and medium-scale businesses which , at times of crisis or recession or simply of economic stagnation like the present , create the most jobs . posti
but at the same time we should not have a too idealistic and optimistic view of their ability to create new jobs . occupazione
and this is evidently the conclusion to be drawn , that ultimately macroeconomic policy is the decisive factor as regards small companies contribution to job creation . occupazione
i understand that such an institution gives a positive spur to promising firms , but i have one fundamental question : is it the authorities ' job to set up such an exchange ? compito
that makes it all the more pleasing that , if the report draws the right conclusions , the grant of interest subsidies has done more than expected to create new jobs in european smes . posti
let me make it clear that bank loans are absolutely crucial to this sector of business and european support with minimum bureaucracy and targeted at job creation is a very effective way of offering support . posti
just this week thames estuary plastics of rayleigh has had its interest subsidy from europe confirmed to support twelve new jobs as part of a £ 470 , 000 project . posti
essex has 66 , 000 overseas and uk businesses providing 590 , 000 jobs . 000
one of the very measures which can really lead to permanent jobs more than all manner of employment programmes is the encouragement of growth undertakings . posti
the businesses quoted on nasdaq , it is true , constitute only 0.4 % of all american businesses , but they created 16 % , or 300 000 , of the total of jobs created between 1990 and june 1994 , whilst with the 500 biggest businesses in the united states 850 000 jobs were lost . posti
they stimulate , and are a major source of , job creation . posti
they collapse and people lose jobs and our social security bill increases . posti
i welcome the chance to improve the survival chances and financial prospects of uk small companies and also to contribute to the overall competitiveness of the eu in boosting job creation . posti
the florence summit conference stressed the importance of the european confidence agreement on employment , as mr speciale stressed a few minutes ago when he called upon the national , regional and local authorities and the social partners and community bodies to take action to promote development and the creation of jobs within the scope of an integrated approach . posti
on the basis of information collected , the sums committed for specific companies show that the target of creating 33 , 300 jobs was exceeded , granted that so far over 45 , 000 jobs have been created . posti
the commission will include the european parliament 's proposal in its preparation of the mechanism for the elis initiative , an initiative which also supports the creation of jobs by small companies via a loan guarantee system . posti
when in the uk alone over ecu 200m has helped to create almost 12 , 000 jobs since 1993 it is vital that we build on such success , given the hard economic times people are living through in my constituency and across europe . posti
we are dealing with matters which may be simple on paper yet have important implications for jobs . posti
in this particular area of groundhandling , airports in peripheral areas , airports with seasonal traffic , and the social consequences to jobs and the conditions of services and safety , have to be paramount when deciding any legislation . occupazione
furthermore , we are calling for the establishment of user committees in which employees are also represented , and - as a supplement to the common position - for the job specification of aircraft handler to be expanded , thereby contributing to competence and safety . professionale
firstly , in any restructuring process , priority must be given to safeguarding existing jobs and guaranteeing the social protection of employees . posti
mr president , in my opinion mr seal has done an excellent job , as regards both the approach to the subject and his proposal that the common position be rejected . lavoro
the destruction of current and future jobs within airlines can hardly be the council 's intention . posti
mr president , the council proposals liberalizing airport groundhandling services could actually have very serious consequences for jobs and safety at the airport in my own constituency , dublin , and indeed at other major airports throughout europe , as has been mentioned by other speakers . posti
they would mean thousands of job losses throughout europe in aircraft refuelling , servicing , cleaning , passenger handling and baggage registration . lavoro
aer lingus estimates that up to 200 jobs would be put directly at risk if it is forced out of airport groundhandling services while the central representative council of trade unions at dublin airport envisages a steep decline in safety . posti
it has refused to take up any of our suggestions to safeguard jobs and ensure safety standards are improved . posti
indeed , the customs and veterinary services , which fall within the jurisdiction of the member states , must do their job . lavoro
at the airports of paris alone , 3000 jobs are under threat . posti
jobs have never been created by the preservation of monopolies which serve no social purpose . occupazione
and what can be said as regards the situation of airport employees ? there is the possibility of social dumping , redundancies , the replacement of qualified jobs by insecure jobs , and so on . impieghi
moreover , the directive could become a charter for low pay and unsatisfactory job conditions . lavoro
workers would therefore have no job security and no safety net to stop them falling into the dole queue once their contractor 's licence has expired . lavoro
then there is jacques delors ' white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , with its idea of creating jobs and making a major contribution to the fight against mass unemployment in europe through a large-scale community effort - particularly in the area of transport infrastructure projects . posti
in positive contrast to this , there is the example of the øresund project , which is fully underwritten by the governments of denmark and sweden , and is creating more than 50 000 direct and indirect jobs . posti
i wish to thank parliament 's delegation in the conciliation committee , and especially mrs fontaine , who in my view did an excellent job of chairing the delegation . eccellente
we see the importance of the tens , not only in transport infrastructure terms but also in terms of job creation for the people of the european union . lavoro
we construct a motorway at enormous cost but without creating an especially large number of jobs . occupazionale
because of this , the realization of the trans-european networks will meet with further delays , and the commission 's desired effect of job creation through the construction and rapid completion of the tens is seriously called into question . lavoro
at a time of economic slowdown , the stakes in terms of jobs are considerable . occupazione
it goes without saying that the enormous political and public relations cost of such a delay would be borne by parliament , since our citizens would not understand why , having repeatedly stressed the need to build this network and insisted that it would lead to the creation of countless jobs , this house should now decide to reject the agreement reached or , in other words , to perpetuate the infrastructure deficiency , which in some member states is very great , thereby delaying the creation of jobs . posti
the investment made to this end will have a twofold benefit : the development of a more environmentally compatible transport infrastructure ; and the creation of new jobs for europe 's citizens . posti
until we have this , we will not be in a position to provide much-needed jobs in those areas . posti
in this way , europe will grow a little closer together and become more competitive , and jobs will be created . posti
then let us get on with trying to find the money to build them and to create the jobs which we so sorely need in this community . posti
i am sure that everyone who has had direct involvement will share my view that , quite apart from the significant interinstitutional issues , efficient trans-european transport networks - as several members have said in the course of the debate - are vital for jobs , growth , competitiveness and economic and social cohesion . occupazione
the urban ii community initiative includes support measures for the promotion of equal opportunities and the creation of jobs for women . posti
if the provisions of the nordmann report are applied - and i say if they are applied - we will see that there are three types of members in this house : those whose parliamentary activities are their only source of income , those who also have another profession or paid job , and those for whom none of this is enough and who feel they need sponsorship as well . retribuita
may i remind you that in less than 20 years , the number of jobs in the steel industry has fallen from 850 000 to 350 000 . 850
mr president , after all the painful restructuring of the last 20 years and after the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs , the steel industry is still a sector with a future . posti
our industrial policy must safeguard stable jobs , a task always met by long-term renewal through the employment of young people . posti
mr president , although the european steel industry is relatively healthy at the present time , let us not forget the debilitating effect of the loss of nearly 600 000 jobs over the last few years . posti
but i wonder how much further this process can go - even though it is one that all modern industries undoubtedly require - without resulting in further massive job losses , unless it is accompanied by a reduction in working hours and by new working methods ? soppressioni
this is an industry which has undergone a tough restructuring process and suffered the loss of half a million jobs over the last twenty years . posti
hundreds of thousands of jobs have been lost , not only in northern , but also in southern europe . posti
we are fortunate in being able to hold this discussion at a time when the situation in the steel industry has , generally speaking , stabilized , though it is quite true that there have been job losses in the steel industry , just as in other primary industries which are having to face up to both technological change and increasingly strong competition . lavoro
however , the steps taken by the commission and the steel industry itself in recent years have at least brought us to a point where prices are fairly reasonable and the jobs that remain are fairly secure , even though the modernization process is , of course , still ongoing . posti
if we want to protect jobs in the steel industry , we have to ensure that competition is not distorted by the payment of illegal state aid . occupati
the pressure equipment sector in europe always has been and will continue to be a major market , ensuring jobs and , with its stringent safety standards , successfully matching up to competition on the world market . posti
it is high time the council actually accepted the proposals which have been gathering dust on its shelves for years and which would , if accepted , help to create jobs . posti
just think how many jobs could be created if investment on this scale were made feasible . posti
it is another philosophy the lack of jobs for so many european citizens is also costly . lavoro
and we have to look at that sleeping giant , tourism , which can create so many jobs . posti
mr spring said just now in his speech that he would stress the concerns of the citizens and would invest in job security . posti
our only alternative must be to organize jobs for our nationals . posti
it would be very good and very gratifying if , under the influence of the irish presidency , the council also endorsed this position , which has important implications for the preservation and creation of jobs . posti
since declarations of intent are virtually all we have seen so far , it is now time for practical implementation , and i can only reemphasize your statement , president spring , in which you stressed that job creation is the overriding challenge for all of our governments . posti
i warmly endorse what the irish prime minister said in an interview , namely that if we want to demonstrate the benefits of a single currency we can only do so if we also demonstrate that it will be good for jobs . occupazione
in my view that reinforces the argument that one should not believe that emu will automatically mean jobs . occupazione
we consider it absurd to want to fight unemployment by means of expensive showcase projects and to seek at the same time to use the structural funds for that purpose , funds which are actually intended to improve local infrastructures and create jobs . posti
if we are going to take responsibility for future generations , we must combine job creation and environmental protection . occupazione
this proposal will not create these necessary jobs . occupazione
in addition , wage moderation will help improve the competitiveness of the union economy which , in turn , will increase the union 's capacity to create sustainable jobs . posti
that indeed is referred to as well in our paragraph 4 , sixth indent , because it is the impact of high social costs or taxes on jobs at the lower end of the wage scale which is contributing to maintaining uncomfortably high levels , particularly of youth unemployment . fasce
and since rigid monetary policy is not being subjected to critical scrutiny as the european parliament has requested , i wonder just how monetary policy , along with economic policy , employment policy , structural policy and industrial policy , is supposed to achieve investment-led growth that will create jobs . occupazione
the president of the ecofin council is also trying to pretend that the eu has nothing to do with the loss of millions of jobs , that the neoliberal crash course we have triggered off with the convergence criteria , and which is apparently to be pushed through at any price , simply does not exist . posti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , there is no denying it , it has to be said : despite the improvement in inflation , monetary stability and interest rates we are having great difficulty producing the necessary growth to stimulate the jobs market . occupazione
i thus call for a far more resolute policy on jobs . disoccupazione
i am amazed that so many people are arguing that by being lax with monetary policy we can help to create jobs or improve the economic environment . posti
in fact , if you look around the european union and look at the countries which have done well over the years , the ones which have created a lot of jobs and given their people higher standards of living , they are all the countries which have pursued sound money policies . lavoro
a report by the european construction industry federation - by the business sector , not by politicians , indeed not by socialist politicians - estimates that the restricted economic policies of the union will cause the loss of more than a quarter of a million jobs in the construction sector by the end of next year . posti
i say that particularly because of the commitment of the irish presidency to job creation and , hopefully , also to rural development . posti
the irish presidency will progress as far as possible the measures adopted by president santer in support of job creation in accordance with the conclusions of the european council . posti
in this process particular emphasis will be placed on groups requiring special attention , such as young people seeking their first job , the long-term unemployed and unemployed women . impiego
as a general political philosophy i support the whole concept of enterprise and competitiveness and the need to reward effort and initiative and that has to be at the core of job creation . occupazione
it is specifically targeted at job creation , education , training , environmental improvement and state management training because the living conditions of people can actually add to their handicap . posti
we should make the creating of a job the most attractive thing that anybody with any sense of entrepreneurship can do . posti
do you think that this practical and exclusively monetarist approach which has been taken in relation to employment questions is the way that you have found to be most reasonable and most positive for creating jobs ? posti
jobs have a therapeutic value as well as an economic value . occupazione
it is our job , the job of politicians , not economists , to try to find ways - new ways and novel ways - of raising this particular issue . compito
a second example : the report envisages , as we previously complained at the time of the discussion of parliament 's draft estimate , giving the ombudsman - yet another supplementary institution created by the maastricht treaty - three additional jobs , although negotiations on this matter with the council and the commission have barely begun . posti
i would like a very concrete answer to these questions for , in this parliament , it is our job to support democratic forces russia , and they are growing ever weaker . compito
we are not going to have our supervisory powers taken away by a bunch of cowering despots whose only concern is to interpose extra red tape between the commission and the job to be done . lavoro
i voted for fridays because otherwise i would be without a job . lavoro
power for the trade unions and the ability to play politics with jobs at the taxpayer 's expense ? banane
i want to begin by placing emphasis on the question of employment policy , in particular to focus on traded public services - as distinct from the public service in general - and the way in which in employment policy terms they are critical to the creation of sustainable jobs in the union . posti
but those working in general and the capacity of those out of work to get a sustainable job are in part tied up with this question because telecoms , energy , transport , and post are all essential cost structures within the private sector , for which the traded public service sector is critically important in efficiency terms . lavoro
if we truly believe in job creation , and i know in this house there is a great commitment to that as a policy objective , public service protectionism , as distinct from a public service ethic , must play no part in our policy package . posti
when we come to growth , job creation and sustainable jobs , then cost efficiency , high quality and accessible traded public services are at the core of that enterprise . posti
alongside the commission 's communication , today , the process of opening up , sector by sector , is too often reflected by massive job losses , increasing the scepticism of europe 's citizens regarding a wonderful collective adventure which is already too frequently perceived as being the root of all evil . lavoro
let us be on our guard against transforming europe into a machine for destroying jobs , and let us be sure to take the opportunity offered by the intergovernmental conference to prove that europe is uniting for the benefit of its citizens and in the public interest . posti
we must congratulate the rapporteur on adopting our proposals and those of the committee on social affairs and we should like once again to submit our request to the commission so that , in future , a better assessment might be carried out of the repercussions of structural intervention on employment , in particular in respect of stable employment and women 's jobs . posti
in their present form the structural funds will in the end create no or only a few new jobs . posti
at most , existing jobs will be redistributed . posti
for this reason too , therefore , attention increasingly needs to be devoted to how this funding is used and how effective the programmes adopted are , so that unemployment can be reduced and particularly new jobs can be created . posti
thus for example those issues which the commissioner referred to earlier , concerning , inter alia , the new jobs provided by culture , the media , education and the information society , should increasingly be included in new programmes so as to create genuine new jobs in the european region . posti
mr president , i should also like to join in the congratulations offered by my colleagues to the rapporteur , who has certainly done an excellent job , with which we agree ; hence it is unnecessary to repeat many of the questions which are already included in the report , which we also endorse . lavoro
only with the early creation of a highly uniform european tax area can we remove many of the administrative barriers to trade and create and protect jobs in the long term . posti
it stresses that there is a great potential for jobs in the ' seventeen fields ' it lists , especially for those with lower skills , and that market forces alone will not provide the solution . occupazione
the commission has calculated that an employment policy geared to satisfying new requirements could create between 150 000 and 400 000 jobs a year in the union . posti
such a policy is , furthermore , five times as efficient as increasing employment in government departments and ten times as efficient as creating jobs through government investment . posti
it is a pity that this debate has been divorced from the other debates on jobs . occupazione
madam president , culture creates jobs . impiego
these are areas which are appropriate for women 's jobs , and also are areas where women can find innovative solutions . posti
why do i attribute such importance to culture as a job creator ? occupazionale
we must avoid the perverse effects which job creation can bring with it . posti
the commission 's current idea is to regard local development and employment initiatives as an important and valuable aid towards the creation of jobs , and calculates that , on an eu-wide basis , up to 400 , 000 new jobs a year can be created . posti
these will be jobs in the regions , jobs in rural areas , which we must create if we want to maintain and strengthen rural areas in the long term as places in which people can live and work . NULL
one private household rarely provides a full-time job . lavoro
service vouchers would make it possible for several workplaces to be combined together to make one job that would be subject to national insurance . assegnoservizio
job sharing , multiple skilling and the combination of self-employed activities with activities that are subject to compulsory insurance . NULL
there is no doubt at all that these local initiatives are of great importance for creating jobs and it would be a good thing for small companies , including very small ones , to mushroom in all the member states and their regions , with subsequent results in terms of job creation . posti
in truth , the commission - fulfilling its role of carrying out research into the interest and operations of these initiatives and the creation of the necessary stimuli for their creation and development in the member states and defining the most appropriate areas , especially in the tertiary sector , where new opportunities for employment could best be explored - has made a major contribution to the necessary search for local job creation potential . posti
in my country the minister for economic affairs has calculated that a third of jobs in belgium come from start-up companies and a third from creative initiatives on the part of existing companies . occupazione
in the federal republic of germany alone - and you can work this out - with about eight million people affected by unemployment , about one million new jobs will have to be created in this sector , meaningful , future-oriented jobs , which really will enrich society . posti
madam president , commissioner , mr schiedermeier 's report , the opinions of the various committees , and european union studies appear already to have recorded more than 17 areas of job creation potential , primarily in social , cultural and environmental fields . lavoro
we believe we also have to consider better management of resources , and locate jobs in old trades and in craft industries . mestieri
mrs marinucci highlights the contradiction between competitiveness and job creation . posti
to conclude , i believe the obstacles and contradictions have to be overcome so that local job initiatives can go forward , since they are of real importance . occupazione
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the creation of jobs is becoming one of the most important tasks for the immediate future . posti
however , i do not think that job creation in any of the seventeen fields in the services sector will create jobs on a long-term basis , if it is not preceded by the creation of value-creating jobs . terziario
this is the prerequisite for the creation of jobs in the tertiary sector , because without businesses , information and communication technology in particular will not be used at all , and tourism will be unable to develop further because of a lack of tourists with money to spend . NULL
only if these conditions are met will we be in a position to create jobs in the long term ! posti
then the 150 , 000 to 180 , 000 new jobs a year the commission projects - the ambitious plans laid down in the delors white paper - will be much closer to becoming a reality . posti
the commission 's communication on the european strategy for encouraging local development and employment initiatives is a very positive document which usefully illuminates and supports the activities pursued by all of us , as elected representatives , in the fertile area of local job creation . occupazione
and here we have the commission , where the forces of liberalism carry a lot of weight , calmly telling us that in the limited but important sector of local job creation initiatives , government regulation , government stimulation and even , here or there , government subsidies do all have a place . occupazione
i know that mr schiedermeier 's report addresses a very specific topic , but even in this case it seems to me a most unfortunate tradition of this parliament that unemployment and jobs are debated without at least touching on the taboo subject of immigration and foreign labour - a major element of national and european preference . sfiorare
for liberals individuals have the fundamental right to seek to become millionaires or to seek to create a large business or to live in a mansion , but individuals do not have the fundamental rights to live free from poverty , to have a job or to reside in decent housing . lavoro
small and medium-sized firms too must be able to compete in the new developments , because this is where new jobs lie . lavoro
just as mr svensson has said , some believe in decentralization while others perceive the dangers of centralization ; there are those who are glad that jobs are being dispersed through tele-working , while others consider this development risky . talaltri
if the market is unable to provide this service completely , then it is the job of public bodies to do so . fornirlo
these are types of jobs which are now becoming quite widespread and which are mostly held by women which is why we must protect them . lavoro
there is one area in the report which i would like to comment on in particular , namely the question of atypical jobs . atipico
the term ' atypical jobs ' in fact covers a form of labour exploitation prevalent in the cottage industry system that preceded industrialization in the mid-eighteenth century . lavoro
it is thus very necessary to take account of this form of work in the social security system and to exempt atypical jobs from any provision for company-based or occupational social security schemes . professioni
i shall not dwell on the second reason , which follows on naturally from the first , since it relates to safeguarding the jobs of community sailors . occupazione
we need to recognize , however , that this posting directive is only one step forward in the campaign against distortions of competition and to increase the competitiveness of firms , and hence job security . posti
to my mind , the commission must prevent such distortions of competition ; that is its job . tipo
is this approach an effective one in terms of job creation ? posti
this spending serves to support the unemployed , but does not create one single job . lavoro
calculations have revealed that we could expect several million jobs to be created swiftly in the union . posti
in my own country about 3 % of the workforce leave employment or take up jobs every month so massive movements are already taking place with people moving in and out of work and with people already adjusting their working hours . licenzia
knocking off three or four hours a week in a company employing two , three or four people is not necessarily going to create an extra job . lavoro
if , through development of more family-friendly , human-friendly work settings , we can also generate extra work time which we can allocate to our unemployed , we will be doing two jobs and not simply one job . lavoro
work-sharing is a defensive strategy ; to defeat unemployment we need new , competitive jobs . posti
the reality is that unless we are competitive , that unless we allow our businesses and enterprises to prosper , to grow and to compete on the world market we are ultimately doomed to fail ; not only in the sense of protecting existing jobs but also in ensuring that we try to find new forms of work for the long-term unemployed . posti
obviously because we must share jobs and bring down unemployment , but also because they lead to greater equality of opportunity , greater fairness , and an increased quality of life . lavoro
a range of other measures are of course also needed in order to create more jobs and a sustainable recycling society . lavoro
these measures have not been given so much coverage , but they would also really create many , many hundreds of thousands of jobs . posti
let us protect our markets from fierce competition , let us reform our absurd system of taxation which penalizes work , effort and enterprise , let us abandon the illusions of maastricht and its overvalued currencies , let us curb government spending , let us turn back the tide of immigration , let us bolster consumer spending ; then we shall create new jobs . posti
after all , according to the delors white paper , reductions in working hours in the northern member states led to the creation of 8 % more jobs , even accounting in the netherlands for half of the 30 % rise in employment . lavoro
in germany too , between 1983 and 1992 a third of newly-created jobs were attributable to reduced working time . posti
the prognos institute in basle has predicted , for example , that germany will have no more jobs in the year 2010 than in 1992 , primarily as a result of gains in productivity . occupazionale
although we shall see increased employment in the service and information sectors , there will be a decrease in the production sector and further job losses in agriculture . posti
mr rocard must not forget that not all the new jobs created are filled by those registered as unemployed . posti
the white paper indicates that three of every four new jobs are filled from other categories , such as women returning to work , young people and those changing jobs . posti
mr president , two basic ideas run through the rocard report : the first is that the number of jobs is a constant , affected only by productivity . lavoro
when there are not enough jobs for everyone , they must be rationed and shared . posti
mr rocard is advocating job rationing , when what is needed is an increase in the number of jobs . NULL
every effort should therefore be made to ensure that technological innovation no longer causes jobs to be lost , but serves to create new ones . posti
unemployment exists for many reasons , without a doubt , but one of them is glaringly self-evident : unemployment exists because there are not enough jobs , and there are not enough jobs because , when enough did exist , they were destroyed . posti
we , for our part , attribute the shortage of jobs primarily to immigration . occupati
if we worked 3200 hours today , there would be not 22 million but 11 million jobs . posti
the reduction in working time has therefore created 11 million jobs . posti
i do not need to labour this point : hopefully my years of hard-fought struggle with you - not you personally , but with parliament - in an effort to produce sensible rules on this question too will soon bear fruit , because here - and i would hark back to the debate on mr rocard 's report - we really do have an industry that is creating new jobs and is competitive . posti
there will be no need for us to reduce working hours , because if we have no jobs , reducing working time is not going to help us . posti
if public deficits created jobs , then given their level in europe , we would have surplus employment . occupazione
the first precondition for job creation , therefore , is a return to healthy , stable , noninflationary growth , and this involves an overhaul of public finances . posti
for example , if a particular member state 's government was determined to use its resources to create positive jobs , and that involved what could be considered a breach of the maastricht criteria , would that kind of determination be regarded as unacceptable by the commission and the council itself ? posti
but we also need a reduction in working hours in order to create jobs for those who are without work today . occupazione
apart from the fact that working hours reductions can help to create more jobs , they can of course also improve the quality of life for the individual - for the unemployed person who can get a job , but also for one who already has a job but gains more time for the family and for leisure activities , voluntary service and political work . lavoro
these are the ways in which a reduction in working hours can serve us : by increasing our quality of life , but also by creating more jobs . lavoro
firstly , it is not proven that reducing working hours creates jobs . posti
but that reduction and that aim only makes sense if it is to create more jobs for those who are out of work . posti
on the way , the initial aim , the first priority , the only possible aim has been lost , namely that of attacking unemployment and creating new jobs . posti
the rocard report starts out from the false premise that europe exists in isolation and that the jobs available should be shared out amongst all working people . lavoro
surely the only thought behind the rocard report can be : how do we create more jobs ? posti
these are enough reasons why only the creativeness and optimism of entrepreneurs , in conjunction with a system of incentives for performance-related work , can improve the prospects of competitiveness and , in turn , the prospect of creating new jobs . posti
and since it is the most serious problem currently facing us , we must use our imagination , amongst other things , to try to find possible formulas for job creation . posti
now , with the traditional formulas exhausted , and in the knowledge that even growth is unable to absorb the available labour , a rational , serious and rigorous debate on a reduction in working hours may enable us to see how jobs can be created in the near future . posti
what if this recruitment failed to materialize , if companies chose to improve their competitiveness rather than create jobs ? posti
as long as we have huge discrepancies in europe - from iceland , with 31.2 % of net pay to austria with 102.4 % , and an eu average of 78 % - the question of job creation in some european regions will always remain problematic . posti
we should not raise workers ' expectations too high , for example with rigid - but mistaken - mathematical formulae such as : 10 % less working time equals 10 % more jobs . posti
to transform the current system of unemployment support into subsidies for firms , so that they can pay compensation for lost earnings to those whose working hours have been reduced and , as well , pay wages to unemployed persons who it is hoped can then be added to the workforce , would give rise to an uncontrolled jungle of contributions and provide new jobs for bureaucrats and inspectors . occupazione
i merely say he has done a good job - against the odds , one might well say , since the council has not agreed to any of parliament 's earlier amendments . lavoro
madam president , let me begin by saying that i think mrs breyer has done an excellent job and has extended the scope of the directive to include maximum levels . lavoro
secure jobs is not an appeal for massive intervention by the european union ; it is not an appeal for simplistic solutions - there are none . lavoro
stable public finances deliver low interest rates , low inflation , higher investment and , ultimately , more jobs . posti
i know that i will be accused of undue pessimism and a confrontational approach but can someone explain to me why , when we have a multi-billion ecu surplus on our agricultural budget , we cannot find the political will simply to transfer a proportion of that money to secure funding for tens of thousands of our young people by investing in the funding for the fourth research programme , our investment in the jobs of the future ? posti
under these monetarist policies jobs come to be regarded as no more than a scarce commodity on the market , with no respect for the values of democracy , which must take the human being as reference , and no account taken of the future cost of unemployment in political , economic and social terms . lavoro
sustainable jobs can best be created by means of ecological tax reforms . posti
mr president , could i say , being thoroughly objective , that the irish presidency is doing a very good job . lavoro
what europe requires today is coordination and cooperation at a european level to create jobs for all of our people . posti
job creation should now assume centre stage . posti
nation states simply cannot do the job . farlo
in order not to appear to be a social step backwards or a redistribution of poverty , it ought to include compensation through wages ; but in this case , even allowing for the saving in terms of unemployment benefit , it is in danger of proving expensive and so destroying the jobs it hopes to create . posti
the european parliament has today voted to ask the commission to study how more jobs could be created through shorter working hours with full financial compensation for those whose working hours are reduced . impieghi
more regulation in the employment field will hinder job creation . posti
under present conditions , when the problem of jobs and the spectre of unemployment are at the core of working peoples ' concerns , it is urgently necessary to find reliable and effective solutions . NULL
under these conditions , reduction of the working time without loss of earnings could be a decisive step in addressing the problem , and would ensure the standard of living of working people and the creation of new jobs . lavoro
however , reality shows that on the contrary , such practices lead to increased job losses , lengthening of the working time , and the spread of social dumping . licenziamenti
we adopt social flanking measures or measures to encourage recruitment , which are costing fortunes to all our countries : ecu 350 , 000 million ( or more than 2 billion francs , 4.5 % of the gross national product of each member state , 120 , 000 francs per unemployed person per year ) , yet without creating any jobs , without restoring the dignity of the millions suffering from exclusion , without giving any hope to our millions of young people . occupazione
only a massive reduction in working hours , only a different way of organizing work , more flexible , with more diversification as between jobs , negotiated between the social partners , can meet the challenges of unemployment , with a statute of equality guaranteeing the same rights , the same safeguards , the same career prospects . occupazioni
10 % more people could be recruited and millions of new jobs created in the european union ! posti
which , at the same time , would be a strong deterrent to challenging the additional hours , the equivalent of 3 or 4 million jobs in europe . posti
the cost in time and money of training a highly specialized workforce is in itself a barrier to maintaining existing jobs , when a skilled worker leaves a firm temporarily or for good . posti
the customers decide the jobs , politicians can only create fair and just framework conditions . posti
in sweden the number of hours worked annually in a fulltime job has , on average , increased by 100 hours per year . lavoro
this would mean that a half-time job ( 20 hours per week ) would cost sek 50 or 100 less an hour than a full-time job . impiego
i am sceptical about this differentiation because it will result in two part-time jobs being created rather than one full-time job and this is a development that we in sweden wish to prevent . posti
although it is not my wont to defend the council and particularly to defend the president-in-office , who is a member of the opposition party in my own country , i think that some of the comments from the members here do not do justice to the house , and i would say that the minister is doing a good job in very difficult circumstances . lavoro
we must harmonize taxation systems , but it is not our job to facilitate the manoeuvres of the oligopolies via excise duties , the more so since it has been proved that the imposition of a minimum 57 % tax from today has led to a convergence of the burden of taxation and , according to one view and certain figures , of retail prices as well . tenuti
mr president , commissioners , small is beautiful , especially for europe 's businesses , especially if the big bonus for us is jobs for europe 's jobless . posti
central to the real fight to create the proper and stable legal and administrative environment in which smes can thrive , grow and breed jobs is to institute a business impact assessment on eu legislation , to weed out the bramble of bad ideas , whilst protecting high environmental and social standards . posti
introduced to the uk , £ 20 , 000 million would be made available to smes to invest and grow businesses and jobs - jobs for the boys and girls , who are perennially ignored by britain 's bankrupt government . posti
thus 30 , 000 smes a year go under , losing europe 300 , 000 jobs because of the weaknesses of the legal and administrative environment for transferring successful businesses on the death or abdication of the founding entrepreneur . posti
it is exceptionally important that the third multiannual programme is set up as a part of the pact for jobs . occupazione
a stronger competitive position in turn ensures more growth , and so more jobs . occupazione
moreover , in smes job growth is stronger than in large enterprises . occupazione
with respect to the measures proposed , the liberals have always clearly stated that a favourable enterprise climate is the most important basic condition for growth and jobs . occupazione
the council has decided that the promotion of jobs in smes must be at a bargain price . posti
the equation is a very simple one : if it were possible to put every small and medium-sized enterprise in a position to take on just one employee , we should have resolved the number one problem of the european union , that is the revitalization of the job market . lavoro
i believe that in those sectors above all there are enormous opportunities for professional and operational growth , new jobs , in short opportunities which should finally be seized by the market for the small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
mr president , i too want to give mrs read warm thanks for the job she has done . lavoro
you have robbed the people of europe of their freedom , their independence , their jobs , their currency and their democracy . lavoro
well , you might as well do the job properly and move the european commission to palermo ! insediate
i would like to bring to mind the importance of smes in the european economy as the entrepreneurial sector which is most dynamic in job creation and adaptation of the open global economy 's new requirements . posti
my reaction to the ideas defended in the tongue report must be to warn against an increase in public spending which would create even more distortions of competition and jeopardize the creation of jobs in the private sector . posti
the ad hoc international tribunals for rwanda and former yugoslavia are doing a good job , but it is now time to think about setting up a permanent body . lavoro
the damage is put at several hundreds of millions of pesetas but this does not take into account the jobs lost in farming and the industries which will have to close down . posti
i know the area very well and i am currently wondering how all these companies and jobs which were destroyed will be able to survive without the official help and compensation which should quite reasonably be given as a result of the catastrophe they have suffered . posti
the job of the eu must be to support the cooperation which is already taking place and which is now growing spontaneously between the peoples and not to automatically create new structures . NULL
i therefore wish to be included in the minutes , along with my explanation of vote , this protest on behalf of the committee on budgets , because it was made impossible for the draftsman of an opinion to do his job . lavoro
since 1976 the european union has lost nearly 200 , 000 jobs , and 14 , 500 in the last four years alone . posti
the europe guarantee fund is a key card in our strategy in europe to bring investment and jobs to this fast expanding sector of the economy . occupazione
anything less would be to betray our audiovisual industry and the jobs that it can create . posti
we must also be clear that the figure of two to three million potential jobs - which has been used in arguing the case - is , unfortunately , not a realistic one , given the rationalization that is taking place in the audiovisual media as a result of new technologies and organizational concepts . lavoro
they are forgetting the duty that we have to preserve and transmit the cultural heritage which we have been given by previous generations and handing it on to future generations ; they are also ignoring the capacity of cultural investment to create employment , since investment in cultural heritage can allow us to revive the old heritage-related trades , create jobs and help the tourist industry - not forgetting the economic development of many regions in the community which are rich in cultural heritage but backward in terms of economic development . occupazione
i am referring here to culture , tourism , and the scope for creating new jobs . posti
the raphael programme is in fact aimed at establishing a specific action in relation to cultural assets , at creating conditions favourable to the growth and development of synergy between culture and tourism , with new job opportunities - especially for young people - as a likely consequence . posti
ladies and gentlemen , this can be read in two ways : that which has already been pointed out - that we are lending very little importance to our cultural heritage and , the second , that we are giving little importance to job creation . posti
any budgetary cut to the raphael programme is a blow to the possibility of creating new jobs . posti
fostering tourism - as we said in the first amendment tabled by the committee on culture - not only means sharing our heritage and cultural and artistic knowledge , but also means creating new jobs in these cultural and artistic areas of interest . lavoro
it is all very well to create new jobs , but more professional development in existing jobs is also needed , so that workers can remain competitive in what is a changing and increasingly international market . posti
in my view , however , this requires us to concern ourselves with more than simply the questions of the reduction of labour costs , flexibility and job insecurity . precarizzazione
structural fund operations must be more closely linked to job creation . posti
why not provide for the establishment of a ' european job ' label , or at least the clear and precise listing of all jobs directly created as the result of community action ? lavoro
we should note at this stage that we cannot accept the fact that the council has been blocking essential programmes such as employment and job creation , which have always been seen as priorities . posti
as part of the deliberations , the committee on budgets has shown its interest in the double requirement for the institutions systematically to assess financial activities for the union 's budget in order to improve the cost-efficiency ratio , and also to limit the creation of new jobs to commitments already made through enlargement . posti
steel production , after recording an increase of 2.6 % in 1995 over 1994 , is likely to fall by 1.7 % in 1996 compared with 1995 and settle at approximately the 1995 level in 1997 , with the probable loss of 9000 jobs in this sector . posti
production is due to fall from 128.4 to 122 m tonnes , entailing the loss of approximately 7000 jobs and once again requiring implementation of the measures laid down in the ecsc treaty . posti
we know that structural funds are the main eu instrument to tackle unemployment and create jobs , yet some member states , and indeed our wealthier partners , are concerned to extricate themselves from those commitments that they made at edinburgh to spend structural funds within the time-limits , slowing down and freezing their funds in 1997 . posti
the confidence pact for employment can re-establish that confidence but if we say to member states they can go slow on spending on their programmes designed to tackle unemployment we are downgrading the vital role of the structural funds in job creation . posti
it is of crucial importance that research and development generally - with its role in job creation and in the protection of the environment - is well-financed . occupazionali
but in terms of job creation , if you think that simply by putting another 100 million on the trans-european networks we are going to solve the unemployment problem in the european union then i am afraid that is not our view on this side of the house . posti
everyone agreed that the 1997 budget should serve to stimulate employment , seeking to reinforce measures to boost job creation through investment in infrastructure and research , support for smes and the development of human resources . favorenti
to try to compensate for the negative impact which meeting the convergence criteria would have on jobs , the commission and the council decided as early as in 1993 to publish a white paper , the delors white paper . occupazione
sometimes hospitals are built not because they are needed to provide health care , but in order to create jobs . posti
but in the end it simply leads to job losses , in that it enables the state to satisfy its bulimic appetite for controlling the economy . indulgere
as is now the usual story , the priorities were identified as job creation , the fight against crime and the - now desperate - need to adopt institutional reforms to deal with the pressing demands of enlargement . posti
job creation , for instance : unemployment has reached unacceptably high levels and this will be made worse by the painful effort needed to adjust to the criteria established under maastricht . posti
in an effort to limit interest rate increases , governments are in fact forced to apply a policy to control and stabilize public finances that is ill-suited to job creation . occupazione
the likelihood is that the effect of currency fluctuations will be , along with industrial disintegration , job losses . posti
the redistribution of production between undertakings and partners is inimical to general prosperity and causes jobs to be lost . posti
a recent study in 1995 revealed that , for the countries of the european union as a whole , the global cost of currency fluctuations was a two per cent fall in growth and the loss of 1.5 million jobs . posti
i heard mr martens , leader of the european people 's party say , rightly , that europe should be democratized , that it should be concerned with its citizens , that the problem of jobs should be solved . occupazione
as for the problem of jobs , it was helmut kohl himself who said that employment was not a european question and that it should be the individual countries that created jobs ! occupazione
mr kohl must be persuaded to act in order to create jobs ! occupazione
it is on the increase above all because of the growth in unemployment ; the increase in the number of insecure and atypical jobs ; and , increasingly as compared with the past , it has to be recognized that it is possible to have a job and still be poor . atipici
above all , as well as producing poverty , the growing prevalence of insecure jobs causes other harm : it both increases inequalities and poses a threat to social welfare systems . precariato
realistically we must bear in mind that poverty , like all social problems , cannot only be done away with by increasing public spending which , although undoubtedly necessary , calls for a dynamic market economy , but it is attracting private investment which in the end creates jobs . occupazione
we are very glad that this job has now gone to mr rybkin , the former president of the duma , because we hope that that previous experience will enable him to reinforce and restructure the process of dialogue with the european union institutions . funzioni
what we want is not just economic upturn but its conversion into a sustainable process of growth which creates new jobs . occupazionale
this committee will not be able to conceal the tragic failure of the maastricht economic and social policy for europe and will content itself with observing and commenting on the disastrous consequences for jobs of the choice of a socially criminal free-trade policy . occupazione
such a follow-up procedure may not create jobs but we were convinced that this was the first modest step towards a european common employment policy . posti
madam president , the hopes expressed in the white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment of creating 15 million jobs by the end of the millennium and the hard facts of today are worlds apart . posti
mr president-in-office of the council , many thanks for your reply , which i appreciate very much because it means a lot to know that the council of ministers shares the opinion of andalusia at this time , is sensitive to the situation , and understands that 140 , 000 jobs are certainly at stake , so that this decision is highly important , not just for agriculture , but for employment , social policy and the environment . posti
again , i am very grateful to the committee on transport and tourism and particularly to the rapporteur , mr kaklamanis , who has done a characteristically thorough job yet again . eccellente
mr president-in-office , can you actually give us and the citizens of europe a plausible answer to this question : why are you prepared to put so much money into maintaining the existing and in part obsolete structures and so little into the only thing that protects jobs , namely research and development and strengthening the innovative power of the smes ? posti
hundreds of jobs are at stake , we must proceed with the utmost caution here and i urge you yourself to help us . posti
in this way the european parliament is making itself culpable just like the council in that we , like successive european councils , consistently trumpet the creation of jobs as a priority but are not then prepared to carry out our promises when it comes to finding the money . posti
by delaying the financing of transeuropean networks such as the east-atlantic high-speed train , including the aquitaine / euskadi rail link , our governments are depriving themselves of thousands of jobs which these major works would have created . impieghi
it is thus necessary , as an essential prerequisite , that a specific chapter on tourism be inserted into the treaty as part of the revision process , creating that added value that will ensure the sustainability of the sector and its ability to continue to create permanent jobs in an increasingly open and competitive market , in which europe 's share is in constant decline . occupazione
there are also many job opportunities for young people and women in this sector . lavoro
we should be zealous in ensuring that such jobs are high quality , well-paid and rewarding , thereby promoting the competitiveness of europe 's tourism industry . posti
secondly , the industry thus encouraged can help less-favoured , rural and peripheral areas of the union , areas often suffering job losses . occupazione
tourism means jobs . occupazione
nine million of our citizens are directly employed in tourism and a further nine million jobs are affected indirectly . posti
such numbers are a tidal wave on which we should surf in search of decent jobs for our 20 million jobless citizens . posti
in 2006 it is forecast that such mind-boggling figures will have swelled to $ 2.1 trillion , a doubling of spending which , if we are canny , can translate into a doubling of jobs . posti
in conclusion , a golden opportunity awaits us to ensure that tourism means jobs for our european people . occupazione
mr harrison was very explicit , stressing that tourism creates jobs . occupazione
tourism creates jobs but there is also the underpaid labour , the workers who are exploited in many areas of tourist activity , often representing a further competitive element in the international supply market . occupazione
so while we pontificate about the great importance of tourism and its potential for the stimulation of growth in europe , and about its importance as a means of recreation and as a vehicle for other activities which members have very eloquently drawn attention to , we seem to be doing our best to prevent that growth , and the new jobs for young people that it can generate , becoming a reality . posti
we broadly support what the rapporteurs have written , but we do need to realize what a comprehensive field tourism is and how significant its consequences are . primarily for jobs in europe , but also for the construction industry , transport , farming , food supply , the regions versus the centre , arts , museums - i could go on and on . occupazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as is clear from all the reports , tourism is indisputably not only one of the most important economic branches of the european union but also offers a great potential for the creation of new jobs . posti
tourism of european interest must be given greater support by the european union and win all of the enthusiasm of community countries , given the positive effect which it produces , especially on jobs and by disseminating the very social and cultural values which europe wishes to promulgate . posti
after all , speaking about tourism means , above anything else , speaking about jobs , 6 , 5 % of the european union 's gdp and more than 9 million direct jobs and 1.2 million tour companies , most of which are very small . occupazione
an industry which worldwide , in the year 2006 , in other words in ten years ' time , will account for 385 million direct and indirect jobs and already today provides more than 250 million direct and indirect jobs . lavoro
as has been pointed out by many speakers this morning and this afternoon , it is going to be a long haul actually to get more jobs , etc , etc. in the industry and make people recognize tourism as an industry as such . occupazione
competitive and quality tourism must certainly contribute to the achievement of the community 's objectives , in particular creating jobs , strengthening economic and social cohesion and promoting the european identity . occupazione
its main policy is based on the environment , natural resources , the architectural heritage and traditional customs ; -it ensures the competitiveness of the tourist industry in a system of open markets , promoting intra-community tourism , thereby enabling people to find out more about europe and strengthen the identity of european citizens ; -it supports the development of small and medium tourist industries in order to improve the quality of tourism and promote jobs ; -it favours measures aimed at bringing down any obstacles preventing access to tourism by various groups of the community , in particular the occupazione
for the sake of clarity i would stress that i am every bit as convinced as the rapporteurs of the great social and economic significance of tourism , particularly for jobs . occupazione
the commission is besides obliged to acknowledge that the restructuring of the european railway will go hand in hand with a high number of job losses . licenziamenti
the aim of the programme is very clear : to create jobs . occupazione
there are plans to double its capacity in 1997 , which will create an additional 900 jobs . impieghi
these should be integrated with a view to ensuring that coastal regions of my country and of europe where there are no alternative sources of development are allowed to develop and provide much needed jobs in all of those areas . posti
as a result the committee on fisheries tabled an oral question in november 1995 , requesting that the commission take immediate action to protect jobs in this sector . occupazione
we are talking of an important sector , for salmon production accounts for about 5 , 000 jobs in the united kingdom and around 2 , 000 in ireland . posti
these are jobs in objective 1 coastal peripheral regions , where there are few or no sources of alternative employment . posti
these suspect norwegian imports are therefore a serious threat to jobs which would be very difficult to replace . posti
at all events , it must be said that mr gallagher has done an excellent job , although admittedly he was not flexible or bold enough to accept the amendment to indent 3 of paragraph 7 , which would have considerably improved his report . lavoro
more ' joint venture ' solutions could provide more jobs , more processing and bigger fishing fleets for these third countries . peschereccie
it affects the development of new technologies ; it affects the commercialization of new technologies ; it affects jobs . posti
at a time when job creation is very high on parliament 's agenda , it behoves those of us entrusted with responsibility in the agricultural area to bring forward proposals to maximize the potential of our entire land resource for the purpose of stabilizing existing rural structures and creating new areas of employment , including work for those not directly involved in farming . posti
the decline of rural communities is often attributed to advances in technology and , while this claim may to some extent be true , i believe that the advent of advanced new communication technology , like internet , can now be used to reverse that cycle and create new jobs in the rural areas throughout the community . occupazione
the resolution rightly identifies the need to develop job opportunities outside agriculture in rural areas . lavoro
above all , that means giving jobs and hope to young people . lavoro
i therefore urge the need to open a debate on the basis of any comments from the commission itself , which will , in my view , be the best way to help the olive sector to remain a source of wealth , generating a large number of jobs and driving the economy of wide areas of southern europe , and to perpetuate a culture associated with these trees , without which it would be difficult to understand the reality of large areas of the mediterranean . posti
we would create jobs , money would not be spent uselessly on energy and would be available to be spent on other things , helping the economy . posti
that is very important to this parliament , so that we can do the things i mentioned earlier - in relation to jobs , competitivity , the environment - and do them in a way which gets the approval of the member states . posti
we would cut carbon dioxide emissions , we would cut business costs , we would create jobs in the energy-saving industries - by one estimate , some 3.4 million job years . posti
on the das , i appreciate the difficulty which the court has , because we have not allocated sufficient manpower for the double job to be done and it is putting up a good show with short resources . lavoro
we have done a good job then and so we turn to those sections of the house that are not completely in agreement with this approach , and in particular the european people 's party , in an effort to adopt a consensual approach : that alone will give us the clout we need , at conciliation , to ensure that the sound motives of all of the democratic forces in this house carry the day . NULL
it wants to support its film industry , and it wants to support all of the jobs which will be created by the production of our own images , rather than the unemployment which would result from our buying in the images of others . posti
first of all , i should like to create jobs for my children and , secondly , i want to be able to watch programmes because i like them , not because the quotas give me no choice . lavoro
for this reason , the vast majority of my group do not wish the new media to be covered by this directive , nor do we wish to see any legal strait-jackets that will cost us jobs because we cannot compete with the united states and japan . scomuniche
we are concerned about the substance of the directive , about jobs and about choice , and on these points , coincidentally , the council and the commission have got it right . occupazione
that is unjustified and counterproductive , particularly at a time when the sector is ready to invest resources in the production of the new technologies which will provide new jobs and wider access to sources of information for european citizens . posti
by voting for them , you will be helping to develop cultural creation and jobs , but you will also be defending the credibility and influence of parliament . occupazione
on the other hand , this european production must reflect the cultural diversity which exists and , in the future , make it possible to create jobs in the audiovisual production industry . posti
according to the experts , it should also be possible to create two million new jobs over the next ten years and to enable our european broadcasters to be involved in the rapid rise of new technologies and the anticipated expansion of the audiovisual industry , so as to create a level playing-field for competition with american productions . posti
the opening up of markets , the acceleration of international competition and technological changes are leading to feelings in society that although there are new opportunities there is also insecurity about the future of their jobs , their children 's jobs and the level of social well-being .  
of course it also creates many new jobs at the same time as promoting structural change , but the phenomenon also has its down-side . posti
following every summit , the european public is told that measures aimed at the long-term improvement of the jobs situation will be introduced . occupazionale
now that it has become apparent that the trans-european networks cannot serve as the basis for a jobs offensive - because the facts speak otherwise - the community must adopt credible employment initiatives . occupazionale
the only institution which has problems with the creation of jobs is the council . posti
the amount of the loan on which the guarantee is extended should be linked to the number of jobs created . lavoro
if firms simply switch from one subsidized region to another , they take their workers and jobs with them , and the european union seems to be pretending that this is not a problem , whereas in fact it is a major one . posti
i myself drafted an opinion which was approved unanimously by the committee on social affairs and employment recommending not only the creation of jobs as vital for granting community subsidies but also the preservation or maintenance of existing jobs in companies , so that we can see to the necessary and appropriate change to the budgetary line , linked to job creation , as a way of dealing with this new type of expenditure . occupazione
but , at the same time , it was deemed important to try and make sure that the jobs created or maintained in candidate companies should be lasting . posti
finally , we wanted the rate of loan coverage of small and medium-sized undertakings to be made more flexible by the means of guarantees of investment funds , using higher amounts when investments a aimed at creating large numbers of jobs or when they are destined to benefit , via the interested companies , those groups potentially most affected by unemployment . lavoro
if this report is a good one , it is not only because it takes on some of our proposals , but we must express our very strong regret that it has not taken on board one idea which seems to us to be equally important and which must be repeated : that of supporting , as far as possible , the maintenance of existing jobs . posti
over and over again , the council declares that the campaign for jobs is the main priority of the union and its member states , but when it comes to putting its money where its mouth is , it does nothing ! disoccupazione
each time , the council is handed the opportunity to create jobs on a plate : it never takes that opportunity . posti
over 70 % of all jobs are in small and medium-sized enterprises . posti
the first can be summed up in terms of the policy guidance to avoid assessments based on size : the future of the economy no longer resides with the ' big boys ' ; it is in fact in ' small ' and ' medium-scale ' enterprise that the best opportunities for growth , development , investment and , therefore , in the final analysis , new jobs , are to be found . posti
this is wrong unless of course you want all the people in these faraway places to leave these faraway places and come and live in the cities where probably they would have no jobs and be a burden and the faraway places would then be uninteresting deserts for the tourists . lavoro
mr president , hundreds of thousands of jobs are sacrificed or threatened in the short term in the european union by relocations carried out by companies in the name of competition , particularly in the textile , footwear and electronics sectors and increasingly in service industries . posti
in conjunction with the trade unions , we oppose these mutilative relocations and we call for new rights , nationally and on a community level , for paid employees , so that they can safeguard their assets , defend their jobs and control the use of public funds granted to companies . posti
the worldwide liberalisation of capital , now within the framework of the wto trim agreement , makes it possible to leap from one country to another , from region to region , exploiting natural and human resources , going completely against the aim of economic and social cohesion , without any concern for regional consequences , for the social impact which results from it , increasing regional imbalances and also creating precarious and provisional jobs which , here and there , only helps to worsen the very high levels of unemployment . posti
as for small and medium-sized undertakings , they are so important for competitiveness , growth and employment , that we really must improve their access to funding sources , and we must also strengthen the union 's budgetary efforts in accordance with the proposal made in this report , in order to stimulate and facilitate the implementation of any project which has a positive impact on job creation . posti
i refer to commissioner monti 's 36 market reports detailing the sources of europe 's 900 , 000 new jobs , which are directly attributable to europe 's noble exercise of implementing a magic market . posti
industrial dislocation currently , however , represents a complex problem which may have two implications : a positive implication , where it creates jobs in specific sectors and a negative implication where it penalizes employment in those regions in which there is no possibility of relocation . occupazione
but it has always led to the creation of more jobs than any other method . posti
the result is that the workers ' jobs have become more secure , whilst the companies have remained competitive , although wage levels are substantially higher than in india or elsewhere . posti
shall i tell you why a large undertaking from another member state has moved to this region and invested billions in a project that will initially create 3000 jobs and subsequently many more ? posti
the commission study has also shown that , even in years that have been very difficult for the european economy , there has been a single market effect that has impacted on the community 's gross domestic product - roughly 1.5 per cent per annum in increased production - and the creation of jobs - estimated at 900 , 000 units . posti
this information must then be linked up with operations in bosnia to receive these people and to ensure that they have somewhere to live , not to mention jobs and so on . lavoro
it concerns an owner-manager of a firm in the netherlands who recently bought a second firm in germany , one of the owners of smes whom we in europe are so keen to encourage , because they create jobs . occupazione
finally , forward-looking community policies which respect the environment and create jobs must be promoted , because only by setting ambitious environmental objectives for the future will we be able to develop our economy in a way that secures a future for europe . posti
if ritt bjerregaard is not doing her job , is she needed ? dovere
his resolution begins by stating that world trade must help raise living standards , ensure full employment and increase prosperity rather than lead to ruinous competition for jobs . lavoro
the 850 thousand jobs already lost in the industry , and the prospect that employment and production will continue to decrease over the next ten years , must force the union to be uncompromising in applying those wto standards aimed at creating genuine conditions of fair competition and ensuring effective access to the world 's markets for european businesses . posti
the cult of commerce , the creed of free trade and the dogma of globalization march on , with the deliberate sacrifice of hundreds of thousands of jobs in europe . posti
no amount of research or modernization of production technology will save jobs that are doomed to disappear as a result of savage global competition . posti
first , representing as i do the north of france , a region which has lost tens of thousands of textile industry jobs , i must express the deep sorrow felt by workers in that industry on hearing the announcement of further redundancies . posti
apart from its direct economic importance , especially the maintenance and creation of jobs in industry and activities which are complementary to it , the placing of our textile products and clothing in the markets of third countries will depend on the recognition of the merits of european fashion , linked to cultural values which are a distinctive element of our presence in the whole world . posti
for example , the european commission , applying the virtually exclusive powers vested in it by articles 92 to 94 of the treaty , has criticized the french textile plan which proposed to ease the burden of social security costs in this sector in exchange for specific commitments by undertakings regarding the preservation of jobs , employment for young people and adjustments to working hours . occupazione
a correct implementation of the internal market constitutes an important part of the work aimed at achieving higher efficiency and , thereby , greater prosperity and more jobs . professionali
admittedly , the single market has brought some advantages , as set out in the text - for example , 300 , 000 to 900 , 000 additional jobs . posti
however , first , the advantages gained have failed to live up to what was promised ( 5 million jobs ) . posti
secondly , and more to the point , one cannot help wondering why , on the ground , these new jobs that are such a source of pride are reflected by millions more people out of work . posti
so how much is this frenzied unification , this new rigidity , going to cost in terms of jobs ? posti
we need only wait for the commission 's report on the single market in 2002 which , if monetary union goes through , will surely explain to us calmly that - hooray ! - we have created 500 , 000 new jobs although , sadly , the number of people unemployed has increased by 10 million . posti
the most important task facing the eu today is the consolidation of the single market , in order to ensure that european companies can operate effectively and therefore create jobs . posti
our group supported mrs hautala 's report because , generally speaking , it expresses our concerns not only regarding the failure to create jobs but also the continuing loss of jobs brought about by the growing trend for undertakings to relocate . posti
go and tell that to the people who have lost their jobs because their company has shut down for good or relocated to a low-waged country ! licenziati
look at what is happening in the united states today , with jobs at risk and wages falling everywhere ! posti
stop sacrificing europeans ' jobs , our industries and our agriculture , our living standards and our prosperity - which was only relative anyway - to the doctrines of free trade and competition ! occupazione
genetic engineering is also a science of the future , and it is estimated that approximately 8 % of new future job opportunities could be created by this technology . lavoro
the advantages of these innovations in energy policy are indisputably the following : positive effects on incomes , which also means the creation of new jobs in rural areas , independence from third countries in relation to energy , securing energy stability , improved air quality and therefore quality of life for all the people . posti
at a time when , god knows , there is a shortage of innovative ideas on how to create new jobs , the technologies for improving energy efficiency and using renewable energy sources could represent an exciting export prospect for europe , with a view to creating new , high-grade jobs in industry and trade . posti
if we think , for instance , of the large number of mediterranean islands , we realize what it would mean to be able to provide them with their own non-polluting energy sources , which would generate jobs and be entirely indigenous and , naturally , clean . posti
euro-mediterranean cooperation in the energy sector helps to achieve these objectives , and we must , from the union itself , strengthen the promotion and development of renewable sources of energy , like wind and solar energy , which embody different community aims such as caring for the environment , improving the quality of life and also creating jobs , as well as helping to solve problems of water shortage , the most acute in the world , in the mediterranean basin . occupazione
in this way , it is sacrificing the jobs of hundreds of thousands of europeans , the industrial fabric of entire regions , and even the economic and social systems of our nations , all to the ' golden calf ' of world trade . oro
in the face of the communication from the commission , which in several places makes no bones about mentioning future sacrifices of jobs in this sector under the pretext of adaptation to the international structure of trade , the report by our colleague seems to me constructive and a better guarantee of the defence of the textile sector and employment in it . occupazione
a watchful eye must be kept on excessive relocation resulting from speculation by certain entrepreneurs who thus destroy whole rafts of jobs in the union : my region , nord-pas de calais , is often a victim of this . occupazione
fortunately the animal welfare inspectors from the netherlands showed - it was not fortunate , but it is a good job that they forced us to look the hard facts in the face - that of these 2 , 000 horses per week may cross the border dead or with broken bones or other wounds . spezzati
the community market takes fish from senegal , but senegalese processing firms , and i am thinking particularly of those dealing with tuna , need the catches unloaded from european ships , and i am also concerned about the hundreds of thousands of employees , particularly the senegalese women who have these jobs and who would certainly be heavily penalized if these agreements remain suspended . posti
members who tabled the resolutions also forget the importance of keeping the community fleet in operation : it is vital to the canning industry , vital to the preservation of jobs both on board and on shore , and vital to the interaction of economic relations which a balanced agreement involves . occupazione
i do not know if the rapporteur , mr filippi , mentioned these figures and if so please forgive me for repeating them , but they need underlining to appreciate that we are not talking here about small street-corner flower-sellers , but about a very important sector which now accounts for more than 510 , 000 jobs , with production estimated at over ecu 11 billion . posti
mr president , i too realise that we are dealing here with a very important market - involving many jobs , large revenue , good business - and do you know why that is so ? posti
i myself used to work in the public sector and i know where women have the best chance of actually obtaining jobs there , namely in the lowest-paid areas , i.e. in areas where they are basically regarded as supplementing the man 's income . lavoro
mr president , 44 % of working women , and in some member states even more than half , are employed in the civil service , but when it comes to senior posts and fairly responsible jobs they remain under-represented , in spite of having excellent vocational qualifications and exam results . posti
when undertakings , firms and authorities decide to cut costs and jobs , it is usually women who are asked first to resign their job . invitate
every third job in the party executive and parliament must be reserved to women in cases where women are not adequately represented . direttivi
factual information forms the basis for further training programmes , measures to improve promotion prospects and advertisements for jobs for which women have to be given precedence if they are working in under-represented areas . bandi
first of all , it deals with a growing problem , given the threat from the spending cuts all the countries are implementing in order to qualify for monetary union , which involves loss of their jobs for the women who make up the majority of those employed in this sector . occupazione
mr president , in view of the commissioner 's reply to mrs van dijk i should like to ask him if the commission considers it its job , every time that the court of justice hands down a ruling on the basis of specific european legislation , to adapt such legislation to the court 's ruling ? dovere
that is one of the reasons why we need to address the political situation urgently and the special envoy is doing magnificent job in the region . lavoro
if we want investors to invest in the future , to invest in jobs , then the first essential for that is to provide a stable currency . posti
speculation will be more effectively fended off , the calculations of europe 's exporting industry will be placed on a reliable footing , and so further job losses will be prevented . lavoro
from a combination of ignorance , arrogance , laziness , fear and loathing it studiously demotes or denigrates the reasoned response of this parliament to the concerns and worries of the man and woman in the street in britain today , not the least anxiety of which is the search for jobs . lavoro
paragraph 13 of my report contests the fashionable view in london 's incestuous media circles that the single currency will not produce jobs . posti
the reports speak of the need for implementation of emu , but nowhere does one find any mention of the millions of jobs that will be lost , of the disintegration that will be caused in the countries with diverging economies , of the collapse of labour relations , of the casting-aside of the social model that has been a feature of europe in the recent decades as a result of the struggles engaged in by the labour movement . posti
i would like to congratulate mr christodoulou on taking on board the economic aspects , the quest for job creation . posti
on the doom-and-gloom side of loss of jobs , i wish the people who talk about the loss of jobs would tell us how exactly the jobs are going to be lost . posti
will there not in fact be extra jobs ?  
it will make the internal market work better , creating wealth and jobs . posti
they have done an excellent job and have covered all the aspects which will be discussed in dublin . lavoro
obviously the answer to this is the euro and the euro will boost many industries across europe and help improve the job situation as a whole . occupazionale
one of the biggest costs confronting small and medium-sized business , where the bulk of today 's jobs are to be found , is the cost of servicing the capital which is being borrowed to fund such things as product development or property and equipment purchases . posti
i think that the creation of a single currency will be one of the strongest bonds , not only vital if we are to have a genuine european internal market , but also if we are to bring about economic recovery , investment and create jobs . occupazione
this must be compensated for in some way in the long term , either through wage adjustments or migration of the labour force , which would in practice mean unemployed textile workers from manchester taking jobs as computer consultants in milan . milano
mr president , i too should like to begin by congratulating the draftsmen of the reports on the need to achieve emu in the conditions provided for in the maastricht treaty and in keeping with the set timetables , in order to conduct a policy combining support for the real economy , so as to increase confidence among economic operators , and the kind of investment likeliest to generate large numbers of jobs and high growth . occupazionale
the changing employment situation between 1996 and 1998 will see the net creation of 2.3 million jobs over three years . posti
the euro is conceivable only in the context of a dynamic which creates a framework of stable , sustained growth which will create jobs . posti
it is the economic framework essential for the creation of jobs in tomorrow 's europe . posti
smus still provide the biggest number of jobs and therefore deserve an important place in our european research and technology policy . posti
the social benefits of cheap transport to people such as students , migrant workers in low-paying jobs and their families should not be underestimated . fasce
until the golden age returns , perhaps carried on the wings of science and technology , our true condemnation lies in being deprived of a job or having to do unpleasant work . lavoro
it intends to enhance the employment content by 170 billion ecu , including the cohesion fund at 1995 prices , helping to create jobs once the european economy is revived and the sources of growth are revitalised , once community funds are absorbed more efficiently , which is not the case at present , and to redirect them , not only to speed up economic growth but so that its content should be richer in lasting and sustainable jobs . posti
your report makes a number of proposals for further progress along these lines : fiscal proposals , proposals aimed at reducing or at least reorganizing working hours , and support for the development of new reserves of jobs in the cultural , environmental or services sector . occupazionali
the recent report on the single market certainly had an encouraging message : nearly a million jobs created . posti
this is where new jobs are becoming available and the frontiers of unemployment have been pushed back , largely thanks to new technologies , towards new opportunities . posti
mr wolf has done an excellent job . compito
the second point which the social affairs committee unfortunately felt unable to take up is paragraph 14 of the economic committee 's conclusions which states : ' the economic committee is of the opinion that the european union and its member states should not be too proud to look critically at the shortcomings of the european social pattern , nor to learn from the success of other countries , notably the united states , japan and norway , in creating jobs and achieving a low level of unemployment and poverty . ' posti
mr president , as mr wolf rightly pointed out , it is a question of the eu 's credibility in tackling unemployment and it is a fact that the eu overall has an appalling record on job creation . posti
i am concerned that we are creating jobs which are low paid , part-time and creating a new underclass of the working poor who are existing on in-work benefits and family credit . posti
i am asking the commissioner , given that the uk now has the highest poverty rate in the eu - one in three babies is born into families in poverty - to look at the model of job creation and sustainable high-value , highproductivity jobs to give eu regions a competitive edge in europe . occupazione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen . any debate on employment covers not only jobs as such but also flexibility , training and education , taxation , research and development , economic growth in particular and social development . impiego
an increase in the european union of 18 million jobs and in the usa of 22 million jobs from 1980 to 1993 is an acceptable comparison . posti
when these figures refer to people without jobs , then we should keep on deciding , as often as is necessary . disoccupate
nor do we want to slacken up this approach as the main plank of the fight for and maintenance of jobs , since this report places special emphasis on the peripheral regions , the ultraperipheral regions and the islands of the european union , where the phenomenon of underemployment is very significant . posti
we must also look at certain matters , such as shortening working hours and early retirement , which is mentioned in the ribeiro report , because we know that more jobs will not be created , even if we have increased growth and increased investment . posti
the joint ecofin and social affairs council must look at the basic contents of the reports we are debating today : reduction in indirect labour costs without reducing social protection and seeking other sources of finance ; promotion and sustained support for small and medium-sized undertakings as sources of new jobs ; reorganization and reduction of working time , a very specific subject which has to be looked at most carefully and , i believe , urgently ; reduction in barriers to innovation ; promotion of large-scale investment in human resources ; the penalizing of financial speculation and the search posti
the ribeiro report provides a very good description of the problems that have arisen as a result of this and as a result of the increasing number of systems , especially if the employee 's job and place of residence are in different countries , as with frontier workers , or if the worker moves his place of residence to another member state , as when he returns to his home country . lavoro
i believe the greatest possible emphasis ought to be given to the subject of local and regional authority cooperation , in application of the principle of subsidiarity , since this may go some way to solving the problem of unemployment and job creation . posti
another important topic , i believe , is progressive harmonization of legislation in the labour and socialsecurity field , to enable the european union to create jobs in any state in the union and to prevent borders creating an obstacle to finding work on the other side . posti
in our world as it now is , with all the technological changes we are seeing , only jobs which offer sufficient flexibility will contribute to better employment prospects . occupazioni
finally , my third suggestion is this : as far as communication is concerned , we think that the community should make it more obvious what it is doing about employment , perhaps by creating a kind of ' european employment label ' which could be attached to any job that has in fact been created through the actions of the european union . palesare
so it is wrong , as i see it , if indeed there should be a chapter on employment in the treaty , that - as mr lage writes in his report - the treaty should make it obligatory to coordinate community policy for the creation of jobs ; but if there is a chapter on employment in the treaty , then at the most it should create an obligation to coordinate the national employment policies . posti
it is , however , extremely important to understand that structural policy is not guided by job creation as the fundamental and urgent criterion and that structural transfers are transfers for improving human resources and infrastructures and for increasing productive investment - that is , for a genuine employment policy which improves the environment where investment will subsequently be targeted . posti
it is incorrect to say that machines are taking jobs away from people . soppiantando
at the world level , more jobs are created than are lost every year . lavoro
job creation goes hand-in-hand with the development of infrastructures and services which make it possible to combine work with domestic responsibilities , in order to make women less socially isolated and to seek new alternatives to traditional working structures . occupazione
this is a complex subject , dealing with jobs created and safeguarded , direct and indirectly created jobs , permanent and temporary jobs , full-time and part-time work , the question about displacement and of course the dead-weight effect . posti
the remainder is deleted and replaced by the following : ' ... so that a policy is needed to make sure that there is a positive balance between productivity development and job creation ' . job
i am also opposed to the commission 's proposal that the structural funds should be geared more to creating jobs rather than only the right conditions for them . posti
the use of the structural funds must be targeted at greater job creation , and no effort must be spared . posti
to this end , the primary objective of community structural policy must clearly not be direct or indirect job creation , since this is a long-term policy , but rather the consolidation of competitive economies through the improvement of infrastructures , the environment , research , etc . lavoro
in this way a contribution will be made to the creation of stable and long-term jobs . posti
we support explicit recognition of small and medium-sized undertakings as key components in the creation and continuation of jobs , which means that we must all make an effort to collaborate with and assist such undertakings . posti
but then we have 15 different national customs administrations whose job it is to ensure that the whole thing functions . amministrazioni
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in the commission 's work programme , we always find the same generalities about the european union 's objectives : promoting the creation of jobs ; preserving the european model of society ; strengthening europe 's presence on the international stage ; preparing for the challenges of the future - as if ritual incantations could turn hopes into reality . occupazione
in 1992 , when there was a need to persuade france to vote in favour of the maastricht treaty , jacques delors predicted that the european union would generate ten million jobs , just as it was predicted that the creation of the single market would bring prosperity . posti
the introduction of the single currency will not guarantee prosperity , jobs or even economic strength . occupazione
1997 should also be the year when an even balance is finally achieved between a macroeconomic policy focusing on stability and growth and an employment policy focusing on creating jobs . work on this should start very soon - this weekend , in fact . posti
too many instruments are currently only reaching those already in work , and i fear that this is where the commission 's focus lies and that too little attention is given to the enormous numbers in the margins who , it is all too often assumed , will somehow automatically find jobs . lavoro
only that will create jobs in the long term . posti
new jobs will undoubtedly be created , but jobs will also be destroyed . posti
of course , i am the first to recognize that social and economic policies remain the responsibility of the member states , and that all the member states are making great efforts to resolve the problems connected with unemployment , to combat unemployment , to create jobs for young people , and so on . posti
i am well aware that jobs cannot be decreed from strasbourg or brussels , but i am convinced that by means of a collective and progressive approach which mobilizes all economic and industrial operators , as well as the two sides of industry - employers and workers - we shall gradually find solutions to the problem of structural unemployment . posti
it is by establishing monetary union that we shall encourage the investment that will create future jobs . posti
this makes clear the fact that we must fight on two fronts : on the one hand , achieving monetary union ; and , on the other , creating new jobs , exploiting the full potential of the single market and developing a macroeconomic strategy . posti
it should be realized that it is small and medium-sized enterprises - of which there are 18 million in the european union - which create new jobs . posti
we are also proposing a specific line for the development of pilot projects in the third sector - ' jobs ' . occupazioni
the commission must distinguish between , say , sums of ecu 5 , 000 and sums of ecu 50 , 000 and over for smallscale grants to smes - and we realize the importance of smes and the important role that smes can play in the creation of jobs . posti
it would have been better not to cut the funds assigned for job creation , objectives 2 , 3 and 4 of the structural funds and internal policies . posti
these attacks culminated recently in a classic hatchet job programme made by an english television company and broadcast in three or four of the member states . denigratorio
if this committee is to work properly it is vital that it gets the time to do the job correctly . lavoro
on the other hand , the cap fiances as a priority all the crops that most help to decertify and destroy jobs in the countryside . contribuisocno
cereal production , mostly linked to the big farmers living in cities and which provides least jobs , is that receiving the biggest subsidies , 43 % of all aid . occupazione
enlargement must , therefore , impose a new agricultural policy based on solidarity , fighting privileges ; on quality controls , to face up to excessive production that harms public health , animal health and the environment ; on creating jobs linked to regional planning instead of unemployment and desertification ; on linking man to the land and nature , instead of fostering a wider gap or the latter 's destruction . occupazione
it is the commission 's job to check that all the member states transpose the community provisions into national law and perform these tasks of supervision and control . compito
how are we going to explain to the european workforce in this sector that liberalisation is a positive move , when it brings reductions in workforces everywhere , the loss of job security and a reduction in the quality of services ? posti
however , many of us are still doubtful that these measures will genuinely lead to price reductions for everyone and to job creation . posti
perhaps she was referring to the fact that the socialist government , whose party she belongs to , was the one which caused the loss in spain of 25 , 000 coal-mining jobs and the fact that the current industry minister is attempting to salvage what he can from the socialist government 's disastrous energy policy . posti
let us not forget that one of the main objectives of the draft directive is to improve the international competitiveness of our industry , so as to give new and powerful impetus to job creation . posti
looking for jobs , taking part in civic society , acting in a democracy - all is predicated on having access to , and use of , a telephone . NULL
do we want the commission to stop doing its job ? dovere
mr van miert told you this in brussels , and he is here this evening to defend the fact that the commission has its own job to do . compito
you simply have to say that you do not want the commission to do its job . dovere
since august , the commission has had before it the study which parliament requested on the job situation in postal undertakings . lavoro
as far as we are concerned , we are afraid that between 300 , 000 and 600 , 000 jobs will be lost . posti
we specifically draw attention to the inclusion of an employment chapter which aims to give the same political priority to the issue of job creation in the european treaty , as the maastricht treaty gave to emu and a single currency . posti
our job is always to pursue the unattainable goal , dragging our pragmatic colleagues with us as far as possible towards this goal . compito
it is more than ever necessary to reaffirm the main objectives : more prosperity , more jobs , more security , more consideration for the preservation of our environment and for the values of freedom and democracy on which our society is built . posti
having said that , the document leaves much to be desired , even though the irish presidency puts forwards courageous proposals about jobs and the environment and even dares to propose the abolition of the third reading in the co-decision procedure , which amounts to putting the european parliament on the same footing as the council : an excellent initiative . occupazione
i hope that such a pact will reassure those who are concerned about the effects of a single currency on their jobs and businesses and on their savings . lavoro
on emu the pessimists talk about the loss of jobs , without ever explaining what jobs will be lost . posti
i suggest jobs will be gained . posti
supplementary education to assist in a targeted way people living in communities suffering long-term unemployment , supplementary training for those people , finance for one-to-five person job creation enterprises in those areas , estate management - because of people 's living conditions , often in highrise local-authority flat complexes - and environmental improvement : it is like five fingers fitting in a glove . posti
however , when we examine the embryo texts , we wonder whether president santer was not speaking ironically and whether he did not really mean to say ' in order to make a better job of killing off national sovereignties ' . antifrasi
in particular , labour meps warmly welcome the emphasis which the draft revision places on job creation . posti
mr martens , we can all testify that you were here , doing your job , and we shall give evidence on your behalf to all the television stations . lavoro
we congratulate you on a job very well done . lavoro
the second is that greater efforts should be made to regulate at community level the influx of labour from third countries , and the asylum policy , because the kind of uncontrolled and unlimited influx and mass migrations we are experiencing at present stir up fears , make people worry about their jobs , and so might ultimately result in job losses and xenophobia . lavoro
at a time of such unemployment , every job is important , and one way in which jobs are created is by means of sunday opening . NULL
it seems ludicrous to me that , at a time when the eu and the commission are targeting resources towards rural and urban development , bringing forward ' pacts for employment ' and other initiatives , that they are also pursuing proposals that will lead to the closure of basic services for communities and lead to significant job losses - all in the name of competition and the single market . posti
in the private sector only 0.2 % of jobs are held by people with disabilities , while in the public sector this is limited to 2 % . posti
i believe we need a ten-year plan with greater compensation provided for reduced capacity both for small boat owners and those who would lose their jobs . lavoro
the pesca programme is underfunded and should be focused more on the fishing communities and on those who are actually losing their jobs in the fishing industry . lavoro
implementing such a strategy would maximize stocks and retain the necessary capacity and jobs to catch and process a sustainable catch . posti
for our part , we give preference to the farmers defending our territory against the importers operating on the financial flows ; we give preference to the producers who create jobs rather than the dealers who make a living out of exploiting the unacceptable social conditions prevailing in third countries . posti
the commission 's latest proposal is mainly aimed at increasing that quota and sharing it among three types of operator , upsetting the current balance and will contribute to the loss of more jobs , generating social and political unrest , with especially negative effects on the acp countries . posti
i am only too aware that only the more highly qualified employees can take full advantage of the new job opportunities created through erdf assistance . create
this is why i consider that the road the irish government is going down here is the right one , and i should like to encourage the irish government to continue down this road , particularly given the fact that over 20 % of young people in ireland drop out of school and are then usually unable to obtain a job or a training place later . lavoro
the court of auditors and mrs müller have done an excellent job . lavoro
welcome to the job of president of parliament , however . carica
to the taoiseach and his colleagues in government and the many hundreds of civil servants who have been involved we say a very sincere thank you and we are very proud of you for a job well done . lavoro
more disturbingly it is a failure to appreciate the competitive dynamics of a more open global economy - of which the taoiseach spoke so eloquently - an issue which , if not addressed , would cost europe jobs in the long-run rather than protect european jobs , as many of the proponents of the current status quo seem to believe . occupazione
we do not believe that the tough budgetary rehabilitation policies that are linked to the introduction of the euro automatically mean an increase in production and jobs . occupazione
i am very proud of what you have achieved and you should rightly be proud of a job very well done . orgogliosissimo
on employment , incentive measures are to be implemented , but there are no jobs to replace those being lost in the adjustment to the third stage of economic and monetary union . posti
i believe that this monetary union will help to make europe more competitive , and will contribute to an increase in stability and the creation of more jobs , and i do not share the view of mr de gaulle that monetary union will make one country dominant : on the contrary , monetary union will produce a sensible sharing of responsibility between the member states of the european union and will not make any country dominant . occupazione
secondly , i want to turn to something that the irish prime minister , mr bruton , said about the role of government in trying to create jobs and boost the economy . posti
the measures in question include , firstly , special support for the target groups of the long-term unemployed and unemployed women and young people , involving employment initiatives at local and regional level ; secondly , a significant increase in the quality of training and continuing education , to get us in shape for international competition and make us more flexible and mobile ; and , thirdly , the implementation of the programmes agreed for smes , where sound structures and a capacity for innovation will generate new jobs . occupazione
our major internal challenges are still creating more jobs , good working conditions , personal and public safety , and the protection of our precious environment . NULL
identification with europe will only grow if our european edifice can do its job convincingly and if it has democratic legitimation , so it needs to be transparent and accessible too . convincente
growth with more pollution and less concern about jobs ? occupazionali
a monetary union which is not also a social and ecological union and which does not create jobs could well fall victim to divisions between the governments and suspicion from the public , so as far as i am concerned , emu can stay on hold until we have a better treaty which makes the union more democratic and decisive , a hard enough task in itself . posti
the european union is still latin america 's most important partner , hence the quality of our cooperation due to our direct productive investments , in other words capital which is invested to create wealth , jobs and development . posti
today we have to debate with you and your fisheries directorate how we can make progress in the common fisheries policy , convinced that fisheries is an important branch of industry in the european union , especially in the many coastal regions of europe dependent on this industry for jobs . posti
the disappearance of these yards would mean considerable job losses in our countries and the irreparable loss of very valuable european know-how . occupazionali
but we must remember that inside the united kingdom people have lost their jobs and their homes and they cannot afford to lose their hope in this respect and i know that you will join me when we try to do something about that . lavoro
having to take account of company law in 15 different member states involves extra costs and consequently affects jobs . posti
mr president , by and large i agree with mr fantuzzi 's report and i must say that we need the transitional period , for of course it is also a question of jobs in undertakings . posti
for example point 9 states that national authorities must work towards the ' removal of bureaucratic and costly obstacles ' for companies in order to create jobs . posti
the european and irish consumer , as well as the individual producers have a right to know if enhanced competition will result in higher energy costs for the consumer and , of course , the employees working in the industry have the right to know how it is going to affect their jobs . occupazione
let us all work towards ensuring that the scope of the structural funds is extended , that they include cultural activities in the areas coved by objective 5b , and especially mountain regions , but , above all , let us commit ourselves to ensuring that this europe becomes increasingly democratic and federal , comprising federal states , and that regional bodies can express themselves , in the management of the structural funds as elsewhere , and prove that they can do a better job than the state of which they are a part . migliori
it should be possible , commissioner wulf-mathies , to increase the concentration and efficiency of the structural funds and improve the procedures for assessing and monitoring results and available funding so as to ensure that growth in underdeveloped regions is reflected in job creation and support for the process of convergence . posti
this could indeed promote maximum job creation by taking full advantage of a whole series of initiatives that would , individually , generate just a few jobs but could , when combined , produce some worthwhile results for an employment region or area . posti
more emphasis was accordingly laid on environmental protection and the using structural change as a means of creating new jobs . occupazionale
it is not easy to achieve the aims of creating and protecting jobs in the new federal länder , although ecu 13 640 million have been planned for 1994-1999 . posti
this assistance is very important for the rural regions , especially in states such as bavaria and lower saxony , for instance to enable them to tap new agricultural income sources , create new jobs and to promote training and further training . posti
between 1991 and 1993 , the structural funds helped create and preserve more than 220 000 jobs in east germany and i hope the figure will be even larger not just in east germany but in germany as a whole over the current assistance period . posti
here we have a good example of the combination of the agreeable with the beneficial : environmental protection and also the fostering of development through the support of small and medium-sized enterprises which create permanent jobs . posti
when we talk about the structural funds and employment , we must recognize that the structural funds are not designed to generate immediate jobs , and we need to concentrate on what we should expect of the structural funds . posti
and secondly because the environment is a productive sector in itself , and a great generator of jobs too , with some growth indicators higher than in traditional sectors . posti
there are regions where sustainable development can be achieved only through sustainable development of the environment , for example where tourism is concerned - a field in which it is predicted that a great many new jobs will be created in the future . posti
they must , however , be given the wherewithal for this mobility , and not discouraged from finding a niche on the broader european job market . lavoro
but it should also mean developing a common economic policy which is not primarily designed to meet the emu criteria , but should also aim to create jobs . posti
these are the sorts of conditions that kill jobs , and they are the start of a vicious circle which will ultimately undermine the very foundations of the social security systems . lavoro
we believe that social protection in europe is under threat : because there is a trend towards privatizing certain aspects of these social welfare systems ; because there is growing unemployment and job insecurity , and a rapid increase in the number of single-parent families in which the head of the household is a woman ; and because of the drive for competitiveness , the relocation of firms and the continuous movement of capital for speculative rather than productive purposes . capofamiglia
so , while our points of reference will continue to be social justice , equality and democracy , we need to redefine welfare to make it easier for men and women to move from one profession to another , from one job to another , from one place to another , from one age to another . lavoro
if someone is responsible for fire prevention and does not do his job properly , you cannot then employ him as a fire-fighter ! lavoro
i should like to say firstly that you , the members of the european parliament , have done your job by presenting and debating the report of the committee of inquiry . lavoro
and i am able to say with confidence that the commission will continue to do its job , in the interest of europe 's citizens . dovere
if we weigh it all up together , we are talking about a reduction in income of perhaps 4 million ecus and approximately 100 000 jobs throughout the eu will disappear . posti
there have been no more job cuts , and today the industry is operating , by and large , at a satisfactory level in terms of prices and volumes . posti
there is a great deal of fear in the european economy at present , fear of job losses , fear of what will happen in old age , fear of what will happen if people have periods of sickness , fear of what will happen to children . lavoro
the time has come to reassure them , on behalf of the majority of farmers who do their job well and yet are also penalized . lavoro
only if we get that shall we be doing our job as a parliament and acting in the spirit of what president santer said yesterday in his speech of repentance and contrition . compito
the commission 's report emphasizes in this respect the importance of the informal services rendered by the family , when one of its members does not have a remunerated job in order to be able to look after young children , handicapped adults or disabled elderly persons . lavoro
every day , there are thousands of undertakings - small , medium-sized and large - which work , produce , employ , create jobs , development and investment with one prime objective : to work to satisfy consumers . posti
she has done an admirable job . lavoro
what i want to know is this : if the council is recruiting in ireland - and it ought to be able to recruit in ireland for jobs in the european institutions - has it considered how it is going to be able to recruit there if the irish government says that it will not allow age discrimination in advertisements in its papers ? reclutarne
how then is the council going to attract people from ireland into these jobs ? candidature
anyone who is master of his craft , who knows his job , is just as good in rovaniemi , in the arctic circle , as he is in paris , athens or some little town in southern germany . professione
and that is important , because almost daily we talk in parliament about jobs , and this is good for jobs . occupazionale
the fact that women have a different career pattern because they take time off to have children and then go back to their jobs later is not the only issue at stake . reinseriscono
if a similar competition were to be held now , as it shortly will be , the number of applicants from all 15 member states would no doubt be substantially larger , yet at the same time the number of new jobs will be significantly smaller , because of budgetary constraints . posti
the european parliament should not be misled by the short-sightedness of trades unions who are only interested in the effects on jobs in big nationalised companies . occupazione
satellite communications offer new markets for european industry and so , of course , also create jobs for the future . posti
the committee of inquiry , under the talented leadership of its chairman , mr böge , did a remarkable job . bene
withdraw the mercenaries , set up humanitarian corridors with a military and un guarantee , call on the new secretary-general , kofi annan , to protect the refugees for that is the job of the un . missione
it may well be that the government failed to warn them early enough , but without rock-solid evidence and in view of the euphoria of the investors , the job may simply have been too difficult for them . ammettiamo
mr president , the lack of future prospects for many unemployed people , the fear of those at risk of losing their jobs , the sense of marginalization or exclusion - these make up a very large part of the stockin-trade of those far right movements which seem to be enjoying a fair wind in most states of the european union . lavoro
i would just ask you to bear in mind , however , that the sort of staff required for this highly specialized task can seldom be recruited internally , and the number of new jobs is strictly limited . posti
in my view that does not make sense , and i can point to a report drawn up by the commission not so long ago that declared , in fact , that expectations about employment could be positive after the year 2000 when there should be positive growth in new ict sector jobs . posti
but in the year 2000 it is obvious that very many traditional jobs will be destroyed , more than a hundred thousand of them . posti
but we must indeed move forward in order to avoid the most negative of the possible consequences : precarious nature of new jobs , greater inequality , new monopolies , uncontrolled networks , risk of cultural uniformity , more financial speculation , etc . posti
although the technologies of this information society are creating new products and new services , they will produce substantial social changes , but in the medium and perhaps in the short term , new job opportunities might appear and we must be able to seize them . occupazione
this consensus is centred on the need to do more in a series of key sectors to create a greater awareness of the aspects of the information society : to encourage the development of an approach to learning at all levels of the information society ; to boost employment and stimulate job creation ; to modernize the institutions related to working life and legislative activity ; to develop human resources and overcome the skills gap ; to promote social cohesion through empowerment and social integration ; and to build on europe 's cultural diversity in creating a european route to posti
sue waddington 's report , on which i offer my sincere congratulations and my thanks for the pleasure of working with her , is particularly valuable because it takes account of the eu 's latest studies of education policy , which indicate that even in the eu countries the standard of education leaves something to be desired , that public expenditure on education is falling , and that although better training does increase individual educational opportunities it is still far from being a guarantee of a job . pregio
educational changes on their own cannot bring about socio-economic changes but inequalities will disappear to a large extent with education and training , since they make it easier for people to obtain better jobs and thus promote greater equality . lavoro
i would congratulate the rapporteur on the hard work and commitment which have gone into her comprehensive report , and i share her view that the purpose of education and training is mainly to secure growth which creates jobs , to guarantee social benefits and to combat exclusion . occupazione
if my information is correct - and this is my last question - the situation is that this advisory group will only be working until june and that it has a whole lot of other jobs to do too . compiti
the loss of 3 , 100 jobs is a disaster for the workers concerned , for their families and for vilvoorde itself . posti
a social europe must be one where everybody has the right to work , to a job , to continuous training , to a rise in their standard of living and to social protection . impiego
mr president , the sudden announcement of the closure of the renault plant at vilvoorde in belgium , where 3100 people are to lose their jobs , is a tragedy , particularly since - contrary to the european directive - the workers have not in any way been consulted . 100
mr president , the ominous decision by the french government , of which mr schweitzer is merely the executor , to put not just 3 000 but 6 000 belgian workers out of a job confirms france 's resolve to join the united kingdom and germany in the club of nations that expect only advantages from europe , without accepting the constraints involved in elementary solidarity between our nations . conferma
three billion french francs is more than enough to secure the jobs of the renault workers in vilvorde , and also of the clabeck workers in les forges . fucine
more jobs are soon going to have to disappear , not just at renault in france but in the european car industry as a whole , since overcapacity is currently running at 20 to 30 % . posti
mr president , first of all the loss of 3 , 000 jobs at vilvoorde is an absolute tragedy for the workers and their families , and a tragedy for belgium , the country which is experiencing this social tragedy and justifiably feels its commitment to europe has been betrayed . lavoro
and if the commission wants to be consistent it should apply this pressure to persuade renault to keep the vilvorde plant open , to protect the jobs in vilvorde . posti
whoever has the job of writing today 's history will find some very strange and incomprehensible matters . curiosi
if the market , capital and immediate profitability are not neutral , then neither should be the defence of jobs and union rights . occupazione
it is also right that we show solidarity with those people threatened with the loss of their jobs , and with their families , who are going to suffer distress . lavoro
given that over 3 , 000 workers have just lost their jobs following the renault decision i think it is also very important that we give some thought to the links between competitiveness , productivity and employment because we talk too much in this house and in the european institutions about competitiveness but we do not link it to the issue of productivity and employment . lavoro
it is an extremely significant industry and , frankly , if we continue as we are going today in the way in which this industry is planning for the future , we are going to see substantial job losses in europe . posti
it provides 1.6 million jobs and has the highest export share of all . posti
one of the future tasks of the chemical industry therefore - given the need for more market-oriented production - will be to protect employment in the chemical sector on a lasting basis and to offset the loss of jobs in traditional chemical branches by the creation of new jobs in forward-looking technologies . posti
this branch of industry provides high-grade jobs in chemistry and in related industries , such as the automobile industry and the computer industry , since it can offer solutions which it has developed . posti
quite often this also creates new jobs . posti
ninety per cent of our external trade and 30 % of our internal trade goes by sea , keeping two and a half million people in jobs . lavoro
for they are the two most important manufacturing industries with their 3.5 million jobs and the world market shares they still retain , which goes to show that they are key industries for the european economy . posti
the progressive automation of factories and the loss of jobs involve drastic changes in a sector which is suffering from a consumption crisis but which has directly provided some 2 million jobs up to now , not to mention the indirect jobs . posti
it is thus the job of governments and scientists to convince producers and consumers of the need for change . compito
there may be some justification for this view but , for as long as the cooperation is intergovernmental , it is the job of the national parliaments to exercise democratic control . giustificazioni
the commission 's green paper is strongly criticized for laying too much emphasis in its analysis of the information society on work , jobs and the competitiveness of the economy . occupazione
there is no doubt that unemployment is the major challenge that faces us in the next decade , and frankly in relative terms europe is bad at creating jobs . posti
the problems arise in terms of the taxed wage - the difference between what people take home and what people pay them overall is a problem ; rigidity in the labour market is a problem ; and we cannot shrink from those problems if we want job creation . lavoro
we are not discussing coal today but , mr rapkay , i would like to say to you that an industry in which every job is subsidized by dm 120 000 a year cannot survive , and those happen to be the facts and cannot be disputed ; every job costs dm 10 000 a month in public money . lavoro
nobody is allowed to decide on job losses or changes , that is not allowed ! lavoro
in fact , a veritable metamorphosis is needed if we are to meet the obligation to train young people for the jobs of the future . the technology obliges mankind to think about nature , economic and social problems , management of space and time and the phenomena of decomposition of materials . impieghi
i am personally convinced that one way of creating new , lasting and environmentally friendly jobs is through the information society . impieghi
does the council consider that this serious social problem requires urgent action and will it now invite the commission to develop partnership programmes with member state governments with a view to utilizing european social fund resources to offer these young people training in skills which would better assist them to get a job ? lavoro
the importance which the council and ministers attach to professional training for future opportunities for job seekers is evident from the fact that since 1976 the council and ministers of education have passed thirteen resolutions or conclusions on the subject . occupazione
his first job was to pull out all the stops to concentrate his total attention on restarting the peace process which had grounded to a halt , especially the situation in hebron and the evacuation in hebron by the israeli army . incarico
commentators believe about 100 000 jobs in all to be at risk if tax-free sales are abolished . posti
it should be mentioned that in sweden we are talking about approximately 5 , 000 jobs , primarily on the ferries , that will be lost . posti
it should help the northern part of the island to catch up in economic terms and to improve growth and job prospects . occupazione
no-one would argue that driftnets are harmless or have no impact on resources , but it is obvious that immediate abolition would not only fail to produce the desired results , but would look like discrimination to the fishermen and have serious consequences on jobs . occupazionale
let 's get on with our job ! lavoro
our job today , our responsibility , after debating this matter , is to vote upon it . compito
it is quite wrong that members of this house behave in that disgusting manner towards people who have just lost their jobs . lavoro
i found his remarks provocative towards these guests who have come here with their emotions running high , fearing for their livelihood , with their jobs on the line , with families who do not know what will happen to them . lavoro
perhaps that is the basis of his problem : he was confronted with people who are losing their jobs and who saw that he and his members were voting against the resolution . lavoro
yet social directives in themselves cannot save jobs when purchasers are finding products too expensive . posti
i also heard speakers on the left casting doubt on efforts at budgetary restructuring , probably with the implication that it was necessary to be in a position to subsidize renault in order to retain jobs . posti
to defend a make , know-how , jobs ? posti
of course i keenly deplore these lost jobs , and the methods employed by the company . posti
madam president , as one of those who took part in the work of the committee of inquiry into the community transit system , i too must compliment mr tomlinson and mr kellet-bowman on the way in which they did their job . compito
i think we can then embark on the long job of strengthening customs controls in europe which lies ahead . irrobustire
we established that the member states have cut thousands of jobs in the customs services . posti
i just ask them to ensure that the commission , as a collegiate body , accepts its responsibility for including those costs in the preliminary draft budget for 1998 and not to leave it to parliament to do its job for it . lavoro
i agree with the proposal by commissioner van den broek to try to create a minimum of legality , starting from the agreement reached between berisha and the new opposition government and the job entrusted to a representative of the socialist party who , coming from the south , could try to finalize this agreement . incarico
we all had to experience the brutality with which economic power was unleashed here against people 's jobs and against the european welfare state . posti
however , i would like to say that mr tomlinson has done an excellent job in his report . lavoro
declining competitiveness is what lies behind the loss of a great many jobs in europe . posti
the main priority of the european union is jobs . posti
one way , though certainly not the only way , of creating jobs is to make ourselves more competitive through research and development . crearne
however , there are three points we would like to highlight : firstly the cut in the amount of financing , which is a retreat from the commitment the european union must make to research into the development of a competitive society and the creation of jobs . this is a very serious matter . lavoro
the emphasis on helping small and medium-sized firms is particularly welcome , since this is where the greatest potential lies for creating jobs . occupazione
it has done a most thorough job , so no one can accuse it of proceeding hastily and without due care . frettolosamente
only in this way can we protect jobs in europe , and only in this way can we guarantee that our culture and our cultivated landscape are preserved . posti
by unilaterally withdrawing from the market , we are losing not only economic potential and jobs , but also a piece of our cultural identity . posti
we mean that , in developing agreements , we should put the most possible emphasis first of all on mutual benefits , ensuring social and economic results of european interest and social prospects which are favourable for the european union as a whole , as could be the results of job creation ; secondly , in the legal protection of the results and thirdly in seeking a fair joint funding set-up . posti
matters at issue include the level of pensions , in one country basic protection , in another the essential performance-related element , here the lengthening of people 's working lives , there the forced early retirement scheme , which operates at great cost to the tax-payer but which has led to hardly any additional jobs for young people . assunzioni
although the foreseeable changes in demographic structure will affect mainly the labour market , and it is urgently necessary to promote education and training measures , and above all women in employment , with accompanying measures such as child care , in the member states secure jobs are being changed into casual jobs with no social security , training measures are being cut short or omitted , and the financing of child-care facilities is being reduced . posti
if we carry on this way we are going to go over the precipice and the proposals which we would like to put forward are the following : first of all , an urgent reduction in working hours , because to do the opposite will not create jobs for everyone ; secondly , we must maintain the welfare state because that is the only way , with increases in employment , that we can maintain pensions and offer appropriate conditions for health , social services , etc ; thirdly , we must fully incorporate women into the labour market , lavoro
what on earth is he doing seeking another job when it is quite obvious that the job he already has is beyond him ? impegno
this party was then expelled from the ppe and it was mr martens who came to lisbon to do this dirty job , making uncharitable threats and by differences of opinion ... job
we are here to conduct a debate , and if the commissioner has not answered these questions , then it is our job to raise them again . puntarvi
i hope it will be the source of many badly needed jobs in all our member states . agognati
issues relating to jobs , wages , working conditions , respect for minorities , the fight against racism , and so on , have a great deal to do with human rights . lavoro
the commission 's annual economic report is a good document on the whole and should help us , all of us who have any responsibility , try to change the scenario it depicts of weak job creation over the next few years . posti
excuses can be found if we are incapable of forming a european military corps to help solve the conflicts in former yugoslavia , but there can be no justification for neglecting to help businesses stay competitive in the market , to grow , develop and hence create new jobs . posti
helping them grow also means making their job more straightforward and less bureaucratic , relieving them of excessive taxation and improving the image of business people so that they will serve as an example and stimulus to young people , who may otherwise be attracted by easier options leading inevitably to unemployment . tartassata
as far as we are concerned - and we will perhaps be a little less diplomatic - we are even so a little surprised to hear the committee in its recent report on the beneficial state of strengthened cooperation recall to mind what it calls the ' workforce potential ' available to the union , made up not only of 18 million unemployed , but an additional reserve of at least 9 million people who would enter employment if there were jobs . posti
indeed , with the current rates of investment , the pace of growth of the economy of the community in the future can only be very slow , which is incompatible with the need to create jobs . posti
the flexibility of the labour market which you call for is synonymous with job insecurity , with deterioration of working conditions and with social regression . occupazione
higher growth not only creates more jobs , but also makes it easier to achieve the convergence criteria anyway . occupazione
that would increase europe 's competitiveness and would also result in a revival of the european job market . lavoro
i am very much sympathetic to this view , since this is not a matter for either the commission or parliament to tackle , but something that must be handled locally , either between bodies involved in the job market or in the national parliaments , in accordance with the regulations of the individual countries . competenza
the mania for budget consolidation in both the public and private sectors is directed too much towards cutting jobs and too little towards investment . indirizza
mr president , commissioner , i come from luxemburg , a country which every year for the last ten years has created thousands of distinct new jobs , and yet unemployment rises inexorably . posti
i would like to stress one thing on this subject , which is that there is no a priori reason why globalisation should not lead to the creation of jobs , even if this poses a number of problems in the short term , as we know . posti
but when you have 18 million unemployed and 9 million people who would enter work if jobs existed , the rather artificial convergences required for the single currency , the small amounts of growth which have no real impact on unemployment , and the proposals which rush towards greater flexibility of work , less social protection and greater liberalism , are no longer enough . posti
it is certainly needed to create new jobs , but it is not enough . posti
through the single market programme , the maastricht treaty and emu , clear and promising ways to improve the competitiveness of european jobs have been set out . posti
mr president , the excessive optimism of the commission 's report is provocative : it speaks of a successful transition to emu , of real growth in gdp , of new job creation , of strong economic recovery . lavoro
the result of that is a passivity which entrusts all economic certainty to the maintenance of a few healthy balances or macro-economic fundamentals , public finance and inflation in particular , as if this were enough to ensure growth and the creation of jobs . posti
i am sorry , mr willockx , but public deficits have never created jobs . posti
because gains in productivity are an important driving force of growth and because the reduction in relative prices , in sectors in which productivity is showing a strong increase , makes it possible , indeed , to increase demand for the purchase of goods and services in sectors in which productivity is increasing more slowly and in which , all the same , jobs are being created . occupazione
that is what i wanted to say to you very quickly on growth , an essential condition for the creation of jobs . posti
now , very briefly , because time is limited , i will say a few words on the second question , that is the creation of jobs : how can we facilitate the creation of jobs in europe ? posti
indeed , during the period which followed the first oil crisis , the high level of labour costs , wages and non-wage costs , and in some cases , the existence of rigid regulations regarding job security , reduced the interest in labour as a factor of production . lavoro
mr berthu and mr lukas , and also , to a certain extent , mrs randzio-plath , raised the question of investments for rationalisation - these are necessary to safeguard competitivity , but may destroy jobs - as opposed to investments for expansion , which increase our capacity for growth and therefore employment . occupazione
what we need is to add many more investments for expansion , which create jobs , to the investments for rationalisation . occupazione
there is just one finding about the labour market : our rates of employment and productivity are lower than those of our competitors and this translates into our lesser capacity to create jobs . posti
if we do that then benchmarking can be a real opportunity for us to increase the competitivity of our businesses , increase profits in our businesses and , most of all , increase the job creation potential of our businesses . posti
as well as boosting productivity and - regrettably - sometimes replacing manual work , technology can improve the quality of a product or service , and therefore creates added value and , in the long term , new job opportunities . lavoro
it seems to me that the fifth framework programme is designed along these lines , but i think that a further appraisal , based on the criteria proposed in this communication , would be useful for studying and evaluating other measures in terms of taxation , job motivation and mobility , with a view to improving the link between technology and industrial competitiveness . professionale
mr president , i should firstly like to thank the rapporteur and all those members who have taken part in this debate , since although the word benchmarking may not at first appear to be particularly meaningful , if we succeed in developing a method for determining why certain undertakings are successful in creating jobs and thereby combating unemployment , it will be an important step forward . posti
they are more productive and therefore even able to give job guarantees . posti
as i have already mentioned , we are currently benchmarking the chemical industry - moreover with the aim of improving the skill levels of the workforce , so that if workers remain in the industry they will be more productive , and if their new skills help them to find another job , they will improve their future prospects . lavoro
so if funds are not used well , if - mr caudron - black holes are allowed to appear in budgets because state-owned industries are making enormous losses , then we should not be surprised if the money is not available for creating sustainable jobs . posti
in my opinion , mr farassino has done a good job in achieving part of the intended objective , especially since some of the proposed amendments - though not all of them - have been accepted : at least there is a system of harmonized codes for the particulars to be included in the driving licence , such as the compulsory wearing of spectacles and the adaptation of vehicles for disabled drivers . lavoro
we would like complete transparency about the real weight on each side of the scales , as well as the reaction of the national governments to this agreement , because it is astonishing to promise a three-stage reduction in tariffs on trade in semiconductors up to the year 1999 , if we still hope to achieve the planned strong increase in jobs in the european union through exports , and if greater access is being achieved , as promised , for european industry through better quality of equipment at more competitive prices . posti
i am not just insisting on doing my job , those of us who do not know your language need the interpreters to provide us with the questions and answers . competono
another suggestion would be for the eu to adopt certain fundamental positions , for example , concerning jobs , integration projects between different countries i.e. co-operation on integration and the environment : fundamental principles governing the use of the structural funds , with the aim of balancing regional injustices of course . lavoro
we have monitoring committees , on which regional and local authorities are represented , and it is their job to select projects for support . selezionano
i am not talking about hidden unemployment in this case , but the fact that the uk is the country creating the highest number of low-paid , parttime jobs . posti
simpler legislation for the internal market , i believe , has key potential to improve the competitiveness , profitability and , most importantly of all , the job creation potential of businesses the length and breadth of the european union . posti
gold-plating european legislation actually harms the single market , harms competitiveness and the ability of companies to create jobs . posti
the aim is to make europe more competitive and above all to improve the potential for job creation . posti
parliament has done serious work on this proposal for a directive in the committee on legal affairs , and the rapporteur , mrs palacio vallelersundi , has done an excellent job , achieving a very high degree of approval . lavoro
mr president , i should first like to congratulate the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job as always . lavoro
we are concerned about potential threats to jobs . posti
we have been told that 8000 jobs were created , but we do not know whether these are real . posti
we would rather give consideration to the eib facilities and to the copenhagen facilities which have created 45 , 000 new jobs in europe , because these figures are verified and properly recorded . posti
this is a very important issue as these funds could have been used for other investments in the infrastructure and to create jobs in other areas instead of merely in the area around the great belt . posti
we are going to cause the council and commission problems unless parliament gets what it has asked for , namely the right to grant discharge and the right of the commission to do the full financial control job on these agencies . completo
according to the british fine arts federation , it could lead to the loss of 5 , 000 jobs in london and to the most important sales moving either to switzerland or to the united states of america . posti
british conservatives are not in favour of depriving 5 , 000 living britons of their jobs for the sake of dead artists ! impiego
firstly the council of europe has done an excellent job tackling this area for some years now , amongst other things by carrying out a successful youth campaign against racism , anti-semitism , intolerance and xenophobia , in collaboration with a large number of youth organizations and anti-race discrimination movement . antirazzisti
commissioner silguy amplified this disturbing fact by verbally adding that europe lost 1.5 million jobs at that time . posti
we should learn the political lessons of this affair : the commission lied in 1995 , at least by omission , and knowingly prevented member states taking measures to defend their jobs , sacrificing the workers on the altar of the single currency , towards which inexorable progress must be secured . posti
the job of the mission was to advise on the remit and composition of the subsequent advisory mission and it reported on 4 april . e
that is not to say that even without amendments to the treaties , and i certainly would not wish to underestimate or indeed overestimate the importance of treaty amendments , the council , commission and european parliament can do quite a lot as regards , shall we say , the coordinating and encouraging role which the institutions of the european union can play in improving the prospects for economic growth and thus for jobs . occupazione
i would point out here that the commission , in its communication of 24 march 1996 on structural measures and employment , indicated that it planned to target structural measures more towards the creating of jobs by aligning a few points of the existing planning with the requirements of the legislation in such a way as to place greater emphasis on jobs . posti
in reply to the honourable member 's question i must repeat that it is not the job of the council to comment on the work of the intergovernmental conference and how its work is progressing . spetta
but officially that is the job of the dutch delegate to the intergovernmental conference . agisco
madam president , at a time when the european motor industry is shaken by unprecedented upheavals , there is no question of our being accomplices to its demise and the ensuing social cataclysm , especially in our country where it represents 10 % of jobs . posti
increased vehicle costs slow down sales and renewal of the vehicle fleet , and lead to a crisis in planned investments and consequently employment , without creating new jobs . assunzioni
through my connection with the peugeot company in the united kingdom i bring some knowledge of the auto industry to this debate and i must emphasize that it is in europe 's interest to have a modern car industry in place giving people jobs but also meeting increasingly stringent emission standards . posti
this is an example of a european commission proposal which will lose jobs - mainly for women . posti
they accepted that the work i had done was good enough to enable me to do the job of university professor . professione
this makes our efforts in creating jobs for the disabled and the need for suitable models to be found even more urgent . a
until such time as disabled people have full integration into all policy areas , including adequate personal assistance and support services and accessible public transport , assurances that job opportunities are available will not , without adjustments to other measures , automatically ensure integration . occupazionali
the greater part of the job needs to be done at member state level but clearly the effort varies considerably from member state to member state . ricade
most people who are disabled want to live a life of independence and to have a job . impiego
mr president , i wish to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on an excellent job and thanking him for taking into account some of the key elements of the opinion of the committee on external economic relations . lavoro
i ask this because there is a disproportionate disadvantage to women in the unemployment figures and the small business sector is , of course , most fertile in terms of producing jobs . posti
as you know , the commission , and i personally , are very committed to the strengthening of small and medium-sized enterprises , because we think that thanks to them new jobs can be created . posti
it is not large companies which are creating jobs , it is the eighteen million smes we have in the european union , which are capable of doing so . occupazioni
it is necessary to consolidate this renewal and ensure that it creates jobs over the long term . occupazione
this renewed growth will permit the creation of two million jobs over 1997 and 1998 . occupazioni
we must persevere in this way if we want to create more jobs in the future . occupazione
thirdly , reform of the employment market is necessary to increase the job content of growth . occupazionale
it now considers it essential that employers seize the opportunity that the excellence of economic conditions is offering and , for most , of their financial situation , in order to renew investment to create jobs . occupazione
firstly i would like to make the point that public deficits have never created jobs . occupazione
if deficits created jobs , we would know about it , we would see it , and in view of the level of public deficits in europe , we would be in a position of overemployment . occupazione
historically , i observe that the reduction in public deficits , the restoration of confidence , growth and the creation of jobs generally go hand in hand in europe , and not only in europe . posti
the united states will have a public deficit of 1 % this year , understood in the maastrichtian sense of the criterion , and to my knowledge they are given as an example when it comes to the creation of jobs . occupazione
what i have said is that , in the context of assessment , at the level of businesses , but also at the level of the states , it is appropriate to see how far we should now concentrate our efforts , taking account of room for manoeuvre where it exists , on seizing the opportunities and renewing investment which will be a factor for growth and the creation of jobs in the future . posti
there should be no attempt to oppose budgetary stability to jobs , or budgetary stability to social welfare . occupazione
without wishing to question the argument for the single currency , we can nevertheless note , in order to deplore it , the very prejudicial effect on european economies and the use of stringent plans implemented by the member states , to the point that it seems that the priority given to the reduction of public deficits in accordance with the criterion of maastricht , to mention only one , prohibits any economic renewal , holds back growth and annihilates any effort towards the creation of jobs . occupazione
i believe i have already answered this question by saying that it is certainly not , today , by kick-starting the economy , by carving out even greater public deficits , by increasing the number of jobs in public services , by increasing useless expenditure , by increasing the number of civil service posts , by increasing everything which is not productive , that the problem of unemployment will be sorted out , because if we followed your analysis , sir , it would mean that tomorrow it would be our children who would have to foot the bill for lavoro
in the view of the liberal group , it is the politicians ' job to encourage developments which make for a more democratic and open society . compito
the fact that we have not yet found a solution to this problem , which we know to be closely linked to the need for economic growth at a higher rate than that achieved in recent years , results from the fact that the policies pursued and instruments used have not so far proved to be the best-suited for creating jobs . posti
in 1995 , there were about 16 million small enterprises in the european union accounting for more than 40 million jobs . lavoratori
in the last five years , 60-80 % of all new jobs in the private sector have been created by small enterprises , the micro-enterprises being the most dynamic . posti
a survey published in 1996 under the patronage of the commission demonstrated that whilst the average percentage of job creation in the 500 most dynamic smes was 158 % in the last five years , it was 1035 % in the enterprises with less than ten employees . posti
with a view to the situation on the labour market , all efforts should be made to ensure that the small enterprises and the craft industry can continue - and even improve - their contribution to job creation . posti
however , even recognising the important role of the craft industry and small companies in job creation , there is a manifest incoherence in community policy when it comes to implementing actions and support programmes which are frequently of diminished value , delayed or suspended . occupazione
i am especially sorry that the finance ministries have yet to give the green light to european regulations guaranteeing loans for job creation , known as the elise programme . occupazione
so tell me then please , mr commissioner , what percentage of the structural funds is really given over to this type of enterprise , so that they can create jobs ? posti
instead of creating jobs every year large firms actually sack hundreds of workers . occupazione
we really must put an end to this hypocrisy : if the european council and the governments in general are genuinely concerned about the problem of employment then they should give help to those who create jobs , in other words smes and micro-enterprises , the necessary means so that they can do this and increase their production and economic growth , something which the whole of europe needs . creano
madam president , all the fine words about growth and tackling unemployment in europe that we heard earlier on from mr de silguy will bring no practical result unless specific measures are taken immediately to support smes , and in particular small enterprises which , as the commission itself has pointed out , are the seedbed of job creation . posti
here we need to introduce a specific programme that really takes account of the fact that the crafts , services and self-employment offer new job chances and that cannot and must not act as a breakwater for deregulation and the atomization of small firms but that enables them to benefit from the fact that there are regional economic links that work , benefit from the fact that innovation is also supported by setting the appropriate standards and targets . frangionde
there is no lack of explanations or reasons for this drama of continental proportions : the energy crisis , economic globalisation , technological progress and the demographic explosions , in other words we have plenty of explanations but still no jobs . posti
fortunately , the countries of the european union have been pioneers in the creation and maintenance of a system of social protection which protects people from poverty and abandonment and therefore has helped tens of millions of europeans without jobs . occupazione
it is also a hard fact that the number of people wishing to set up business and create jobs is decreasing every year . occupazione
most of our youth have their eyes set on a job in the public administration , they all want to be the civil servants and , although we know that civil servants are vital for a properly run public administration , we have to accept that they do not create wealth . posto
creating more jobs is a noble endeavour , but not at the expense of the environment and natural resources . occupazione
over the last five years , they have created between 60 and 80 % of the new jobs registered and are , i believe , a source of what must be a priority for the european union : job creation . posti
but in the framework of globalization the smes will only be able to make promising jobs available if they are innovative in their activity . posti
i think it is our job to provide the information in the field . compito
let me point out that the european tourist industry - a potential source of additional jobs - is made up to a large degree of small firms . posti
firms in the most peripheral eu regions are particularly tempted to move abroad where things are cheaper , thus increasing the strain on the job market within the community . posti
we face an enormous challenge , not least in jobs . posti
a third of a million jobs in 1970 throughout the eu , today barely 100 , 000 . NULL
they must be tackled if the strategy is to come into reality and provide benefits , jobs and a boost to our economy . posti
as the house will know , i based my reflections in the strategy paper on the role of the shipping industry in the world , on its difficulties as a global industry and on our common desire to maintain the industry and as many jobs for european seafarers as possible . posti
thirdly , hard-hit shipping and related industries have simply moved away from the community which has obviously resulted in further job losses . posti
the result has been that some 240 , 000 jobs have been created or maintained , in particular in objective 2 regions and i would also like to say that they are a clear expression of european solidarity for declining regions and regions lagging behind in the uk . posti
the resolution acknowledges that in the uk the structural funds have contributed a great deal to economic and social cohesion , to economic restructuring and to job creation . posti
he is doing a magnificent job but to paraphrase winston churchill : give him the tools so he can carry on functioning as an agency head and not with one hand tied behind his back . lavoro
protecting jobs always was and is our central concern . posti
i hope commissioner papoutsis will agree that tightening the internal procedures of the commission will help it to do its own job better as well and that our report will contribute to the studies which he has set in motion in this area . lavoro
if jobs are to be created , as they hopefully will be by many small businesses , it will be because we nurture innovation and entreprenurial activity . posti
jobs , sustaining good business and political good sense are a recipe for growth . posti
but a poor competitive position means the loss of jobs . posti
and they have thus shown that they are in a position to create new jobs . posti
priority must be attached to providing a more solid basis for the many small and medium-sized businesses , which account for the majority of jobs and help shape the environment , by giving them information on the costs and benefits of european legislation . occupazione
the previous speaker is right , jobs may be jeopardized , including jobs in other shipyards if we do not give due reflection to the knock-on implications . posti
i should like to ask the commissioner to answer as to whether or not his services have talked to the other shipbuilders and what effect he feels the subsidy will have on jobs in the other member states ? posti
the latest information has confirmed the gradual increase in the importance of smes , which have shown themselves to be especially able to attract investment and create jobs in competitive industries . lavoro
there are some 18 million small and medium sized enterprises in the european union , employing 70 million people ( 70 % of the working population ) , and they account for two out of every three new jobs which have been created . posti
today , the fleet flying european community flags is declining , in terms of the number of people employed , as jobs are being lost in the sector , all of which has harshly affected certain member states . occupazione
there are provisions in the staff regulations requiring certain categories of former employee to seek the permission of the institution to take jobs in other sensitive areas , but currently there are no members of staff so designated . impieghi
on the other hand , we need to agree that we cannot do our jobs unless we are given detailed information , from all manner of interest groups , on the situation in the various member states . lavoro
in his former posts in his native country of austria , he did an excellent job in this area . coprendo
and it would be sensible to extend this to improving market access for individual holdings , since that creates jobs , whereas rationalization destroys them . posti
in the area of jobs and the environment , an increase in capacity is also effectively taking place . anche
on a local note , where such agencies are set up , member states should not impose on them financial penalties that limit their ability to do the job effectively . efficacemente
nevertheless , environmental impact studies are not thorough enough and people are tempted by job creation . posti
yet these built-up areas provide very few jobs and it would be much better in terms of quality and preparation for the future for employment to be created using human resources properly as well as the wealth of the country itself . posti
if i were in charge of an industrial plant , my job would be to find a favourable course of action to take . compito
this is a very good proposal and a very thorough job of work by parliament . impegno
in order for this to take place , this programme must be based not only on a network of telecommunications directed at the major undertakings in the sector but also at fostering the creation of jobs and the promotion of the development of telecommunications in the less-favoured rural areas of the european union where , because of special characteristics , the proper dissemination of this sector will prove more complicated - as is the case , for example , in the ultra-peripheral regions . occupazione
the first step will be to foster the creation of aids for small and medium-sized enterprises in the telecommunications sector , which are generators of a high percentage of job creation in europe , as well as improving the infrastructures which these enterprises install where there is a lack of telecommunications networks and where it is far from convenient to do so . impiantino
through this programme , the community will be backing the interconnection of telecommunications infrastructures , essentially in order to improve competitiveness , especially of smes , and to strengthen the internal market , strengthen economic and social cohesion , bearing in mind in particular the need to link up island regions , land-locked regions , and peripheral regions to the more central regions of the european community as well as speeding up the development of activities which create jobs in new growth sectors . impiego
i have to tell you that , in terms of the 1993-1996 projects , on health and family planning , job creation , forestry eco-systems , farming credits and reconversion , the fight against drugs , drinking water and drainage systems , rural roads and tracks and a small involvement by ngos , as well as intervention by the farming intervention fund and the national farming credit bank , this has already been done . posti
it may offer many alternative solutions at a time when we are trying to create jobs , and i believe that the european commission will express a favourable opinion along those lines . posti
i would like to ask the commissioner if it is not totally unreasonable that individual governments , which after all are the masters of this treaty , cannot see background reports which can determine the living conditions and job opportunities for thousands of people in a particular region . difficili
i do my job seriously as i always have done , and therefore i cannot accept your criticism . lavoro
now , i am sad to say , if colleagues vote against this amendment , which is designed to achieve honesty , openness and transparency , they will have a hard job refuting those allegations this time . confutare
we therefore insist that this regulation be revised so that unemployment benefits continue to be paid for more than three months in the case of unemployed persons moving around europe in search of a job or training . lavoro
so it is a particularly delicate issue , not just for defence , but also from the socio-economic point of view , since jobs are involved , as well as in relation to the arms trade and so on . occupazione
for its part , the french government is restructuring the weapons industries , planning to cut 50 , 000 to 75 , 000 jobs , and privatize key sectors , despite the strong opposition of the employees and inhabitants of the areas involved . posti
arms production , i read , is of vital economic importance in creating jobs , including in the supply sector . lavoro
on moral grounds , it is completely unacceptable for us to increase the production and export of armaments , on the flimsy and cynical pretext of securing jobs . lavoro
however , we should as far as possible manufacture ourselves those armaments which we definitely need for the protection of the european union and its citizens - for military and economic reasons , as well as in view of the extremely tense jobs situation in the eu . occupazionale
in the end , no industry requires such a high level of capital investment for each job as the arms industry . lavoro
we should be supporting greater investment in environmental technologies , civil technologies and new materials , rather than in arms cooperation , because that will not generate the jobs that we are led to believe will be created . posti
there has been a phenomenal reduction in jobs in the defence industries as well as in research and development . posti
we are independent politicians whose job is to work to our own agenda . autonome
the gatt round was not concluded until the banana regime was in place - for those who can remember , a lot of hard work and delicate negotiations went into securing that agreement - and now we see it blown apart by the usa , a country that does not export bananas and suffers no job losses because of it . lavoro
it is a bit of a topsy turvy world when the international community reacts to the killing of specialized career soldiers whose job is to go into difficult or risky situations - and who are not there in the present case for understandable reasons - but does not really react to a massacre of aid workers . rovescia
apart from the fact that this is adversely virtually affecting cuba itself , it is also having an adverse effect on american business because they are losing out by billions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of jobs . posti
so i believe that a good job has been done . lavoro
i cannot overemphasize the point that these jobs are being maintained in structurally weak areas which depend on fishing and offer no alternative employment . posti
and we want to get rid of those jobs with one amendment ! sopprimerla
all i want to say is that it is a whole technology and we should therefore ask individual countries and the commissioner to do the most that they can to create jobs and export our goods . occupazione
although some people are still trying to denigrate nuclear power , we should never forget that nuclear power supplies more than one-third of the energy of many european countries , it ensures supply security , it creates qualified jobs and , above all , the use of nuclear energy contributes to the reduction of carbon-dioxide emission . posti
good agricultural land no longer needs to lie fallow , it creates jobs in this sector and it benefits the environment as well . occupazione
that was what happened to the representative of the iranian resistance in italy : he was murdered , and we know the murderer - his surname , his forename and the job he does at the iranian embassy . funzioni
the promotion of renewable energy sources is important not just from an environmental point of view but also because it will lead to the creation of numerous jobs particularly in small companies and in rural areas . posti
these opportunities for cross-border trade must be realized to draw out the benefits of stronger productivity , growth and competitiveness which are the driving forces behind the creation of jobs in europe . occupazione
now that we have decided to develop common strategies in the domains covered by the trans-european networks , namely energy , transport and telecommunications , the aim of which is to promote prosperity and job security in europe , i believe that this regulatory mechanism will give us a distinct advantage in international competition . lavoro
this technology itself can create entirely new jobs . posti
these services open up wide-ranging prospects for the growth of our industry and for innovation , investment , the creation of new jobs in europe and consumer choice . posti
as an austrian member , however , i find it extremely important that eu assistance should henceforth be used primarily to fight unemployment and indeed that the creation of jobs be made our foremost priority . posti
jobs , however , are not created by supporting a few multinational giants , which will often strike sail at the first signs of an economic headwind , leaving their massive redundant crews to take to the lifeboats ; on the contrary , jobs are created by promoting small and medium-sized businesses , which , after all , are the largest overall employers of manpower , not only in austria . NULL
this money is to lead to the creation of 7 , 300 new jobs . posti
this company has used the money to create only 120 jobs , which are already under threat because the parent group is reporting nine-figure losses . posti
thus when cross-border areas of activity are to be exploited a common financing and guidance fund should be set up , checks should be made to ensure that legal and tax rules are compatible , job creation should be encouraged and the environment should be effectively protected . posti
the extra effort which these island regions need to make is a millstone round their necks and round the necks of their businesses which , in an ever more competitive and global context see their survival and the opportunities for job creation under threat . posti
this means that the broad guidelines for economic and employment policy must be woven together , as it were , so that we can do more to promote economic policy with a view to creating new jobs . posti
the house should be able to agree on a number of demands : we need to channel public funds more directly into productive investment ; private companies must be more strongly reminded of their duty in terms of promoting the economy and jobs ; and we need better coordination of economic policies and stronger links between the policies of the member states and the community . occupazione
this by no means contradicts the fact that a healthy budgetary situation is fundamental if we are to respond rapidly to adverse economic situations and , at the same time , to control the public deficit . after all these are basic elements for economic growth and subsequent job growth . occupazione
unemployment , the european union 's most serious problem , cannot only be measured in figures , because above all it is the young , women , elderly , disabled , citizens who will blame us if we do not achieve our main objective in this adventure of ours , that of creating jobs . occupazione
fortunately economic policy and employment policy do seem to be going hand in hand and the commission document has set aside a special paragraph for using structural reforms to favour job growth . occupazione
in order to stimulate the net creation of jobs , the commission is therefore recommending this year an improved coordination of the economic policies of member states , including those related to employment matters . posti
public deficits have never created jobs , otherwise we would have too many jobs now . posti
it is important that we make politically clear that the citizens of the european union are concerned about job creation . occupazione
next , job creation . jobcreation
job creation requires 100 % joint effort from all the organs of the european union in every area : the operation of the internal market , a liberal trade policy , effective flanking measures in the social field and on cohesion and the structural funds , an effective transport policy , and help in establishing trans-european infrastructure . posti
it is not simply a vertical process of creating jobs , it is all about creating a horizontal approach to the whole question of our competitive position , competitiveness , economic renewal , broader economic cooperation between member states and creating the conditions for business to achieve its aims of economic growth and job creation . posti
we do not think that the right way to do this is stepping up public investment or intervention in the public sector - which would only lead to undesirably higher deficits which would make emu impossible - or by discriminating in favour of public investment as if that would lead to an improved productive system that would be competitive internationally and create more jobs . posti
this is the way to create jobs and achieve greater economic progress . posti
if we fail to persuade the council to make an active employment policy part of the broad guidelines for economic policy , and if we fail to create a policy mix under article 3 so that we achieve the type of growth that generates jobs , the consequences will be a setback for europe and a risk of conflict . occupazione
mr president , after commissioner monti 's good words , approving the work by mr secchi on our task to make taxation an element for fostering the creation of jobs and wealth , i would like to emphasize and attach due importance to the fact that the commission itself suggests that any proposal for community intervention in taxation matters must be fully in keeping with the principle of subsidiarity . posti
madam president , today has been the etuc day of action in favour of jobs and europe is rightly crying out for jobs for its 30 million unemployed . occupazione
but the quickest way for the eu to secure those jobs is by the strict completion of europe 's biggest enterprise , the single european market of 370 million people and by implementing all those important auxiliary measures which substantiate and supplement that market , of which emu and the single currency is the prime example . posti
it is clear from the figure of no more than 300 000 to 900 000 new jobs - which is a cumulative figure for a number of years - that the single market alone cannot solve the problem of unemployment . posti
success equals jobs and on a day when thousands of workers demonstrated outside our parliament their rightful demand for jobs , this is a positive way to redress the balance and the answer to their demands . posti
it is somehow significant that , according to the figures already divulged and analyzed on the basis of various models , the single market which began in 1993 has led to 300 to 900 , 000 extra jobs and a 1.1 to 1.5 increase in the european gdp , as well as a 1.1 to 1.5 reduction in the inflation rate . posti
that is the only way of meeting the challenges of creating stable jobs in competitive sectors worldwide . posti
because homelessness is part of a complex multi-dimensional pattern of disadvantage , it requires a coordinated approach from public authorities , an approach which is sensitive to the needs and aspirations of the homeless , which takes account of the fact that homeless people need jobs , schools and health services and an income as well as a home . posti
most of them have worked at some time , usually in temporary or insecure jobs . occupazioni
where i come from , in rome , it is said that unless the construction sector recovers , the economy as a whole will not recover ; so why not promote this sector across europe , wherever it can provide a significant number of jobs ? occupazione
the implacable law of the markets applied to housing throws on to the streets millions of people - young people in particular - who are unable to find a stable job . lavoro
the committee on transport and tourism and the two rapporteurs can be well pleased at a job well done . lavoro
so , as mr provan has suggested , i hope sir leon brittan will make a full and frank statement to the house on monday or tuesday of the next part-session in strasbourg on the current state of play on this very serious issue , which affects thousands of jobs in scotland , ireland and other parts of the community . posti
the west is indeed losing jobs to other parts of the world , and that also applies to seafarers . posti
we also agree with the report 's proposal for more active policies to create jobs , particularly through active investment in environmental measures . occupazione
growth , job creation and welfare in europe are dependent on the internal market functioning without any obstacles . posti
it is about building a strong and competitive audio-visual industry which should offer more than 1 million new european jobs by the year 2000 . posti
the television without frontiers directive is our chance to show that we are really serious about jobs , investments , exports and cultural pluralism . lavoro
it is therefore important to emphasize and give prominence to the fact that those who are in favour of monetary union are also for job creation and must look to that . occupazione
we are prime advocates of the internal market which will strengthen our joint competitive strength and in so doing increase growth and produce new jobs in europe . occupazione
to conclude , mr president , we must avoid setting up a mechanism that would turn employment into the main variable of adjustment , thereby turning our back on our political priority : job creation . posti
the coordination of the budgetary and fiscal policies for monetary union is based on an initiative report by the european parliament , which realised at a very early stage that it is essential to study not only the effects which the third stage of emu might bring , but above all the new role which these policies should come to play in monetary stability , economic growth and the jobs market . lavoro
the principal objectives of the single currency are to bring optimum efficiency to the operation of the internal market and to make it possible to develop a sustainable economy , to have more and better jobs and to improve living standards in the community . occupazione
more and more studies are indicating that tens of thousands of people could lose their jobs , not least in the ferry sector . lavoro
' jobs r us ' might be the leitmotif of this debate . posti
for several years many of us have toiled to bring the single currency to fruition in the belief that emu will help europe in its search for jobs for its people . lavoro
i well remember our interviewing him for the job and his declaration that emu would not succeed if it left millions of europeans without decent jobs in its wake . carica
indeed , in his annual emi report , the president berates the eu and its agents for failing to create the conditions for jobs to be manufactured . posti
now , as some sceptical voices brand emu responsible for job losses , it is time to spit out some home truths from abroad about emu . posti
firstly , it should be no surprise to us that right-wing governments in europe are being thrown out by the people for failing to respond to the jobs crisis . occupazione
economic criteria , like concern for levels of investment , jobs and productivity have been ignored but they were always as important as the five monetarist criteria . occupazione
so does gordon brown , the new british chancellor of the exchequer , who would agree with us that ' jobs r us ' is the cry for europe . posti
families that go on spending more than they earn , lose spending power ; in businesses jobs are put at risk and lost if , in the long term , they spend more than they make , and the same , of course , applies to states if , in the long term , they spend more than they take in . posti
anyone can lose credibility in that way , and we have in the past seen crises which have shown that all citizens then lose their assets and enormous numbers of jobs are lost . posti
in france that has manifested itself in a changing government , where the emphasis now will shift to jobs , prosperity and employment and away from the type of budget-cutting that we have seen in the past . posti
given the changing nature of the view of the electorates in both france and germany - and indeed the uk since the election - and the emphasis that will be placed on jobs , growth and employment rather than on budget-cutting , the position has altered to the extent that there should be a review in the maastricht timetable . lavoro
secondly , we must affirm that monetary union will be accompanied by a coordination of economic policy between the member states , with growth and job creation as the main objective . occupazione
this strategy in favour of employment not only is not in contradiction with the logic of monetary union but , on the contrary , is precisely in the framework of the single currency where we shall achieve the vital level of autonomy to develop a european policy to boost growth and create jobs . occupazione
these public opinions , bearing the sacrifices imposed by that flexibility , must be sent an urgent and positive message of hope , of confidence that monetary union will also make faster economic growth and more jobs possible . occupazione
i agree with mr rübig that only healthy public finances will enable us to create jobs . posti
the stability and growth pact is intended , mr castagnède , quite simply to assert that public deficits have never created jobs . posti
europe has now made spectacular progress towards economic convergence and it is the countries that have most reduced their deficits that have created the most jobs and seen the fastest growth . posti
giving up fiscal sovereignty is tantamount to saying that the smaller , more peripheral states of the union will no longer have available an important instrument for attracting investment , wealth , companies and job creation . posti
this is a sector representing over nine million direct jobs , an average of 5 % of gdp , and one third of the european union 's service exports . posti
we therefore think that the european parliament should take a political stance reaffirming the need to put into practice the actions which were envisaged for this field , which is a major source of jobs and which therefore plays a most significant role in the development of some less-favoured regions , thus promoting economic and social cohesion in the european union . occupazione
we spend hours in the european corridors of power talking about unemployment but why do we ignore tourism as an obvious job generator ? occupazione
it is time we stopped treating tourism like a holiday ; it is time to come home , to jobs . posti
it is an industry that generates 9 million jobs and could generate far more . posti
we must convince them that if we identify the aspects that can be run at european level , that would add value to the sector and ease the management of the smes to coordinate the relationship between tourism and the environment , stimulate the modernization of installations , conservation of the artistic heritage , rural tourism , reassess training , assist the search for new products that keep the industry in momentum and create permanent jobs , setting quality products and services as the main priority . impieghi
mr president , tourism is nothing more and nothing less than the sector capable of creating most jobs in the future in europe - that is , the sector which could be the most helpful in solving our greatest problem . posti
has the commission considered the implications of the possible loss of 140 000 jobs in the european union on the abolition of duty-free sales ? posti
with financial support of that nature , it would be possible for any marketing sector to create at least the number of jobs mentioned in the question . posti
it is telling that the arguments - including the argument about jobs - cited here in support of extending the transitional period , are exactly the same as those which led to the 1991 council decision . posti
already it is estimated that at least 1 , 800 people could lose their jobs on the ferries in ireland . lavoro
a huge number of jobs are involved and maintaining duty-free has particular relevance for regional development . posti
and so it cannot be argued that jobs are now going to be lost because duty-free is no longer possible . posti
you could equally ask how many jobs have already been lost in normal trading which was at a clear competitive disadvantage as a result of this situation . posti
as in ireland , we will be facing many job losses in the ferry industries and in regional and local airports.the effect will be disastrous . posti
although the commissioner said that this has been known for some time , the studies which have outlined the sort of job losses we are talking about have in fact been relatively recent . posti
in the light of those studies , the commissioner should give further thought to the number of jobs which will be lost and the effect on transport facilities both in the uk and ireland and other countries affected . posti
is the commission aware that the european foundation for the improvement of living and working conditions does not use any age limits in its job advertisements because it stopped this practice a few years ago ? avvisi
does he not think there is some hypocrisy here in talking about a flexible labour market while politicians are going around the world saying no-one will have a job for life and that people will have to adapt and have several careers ? posto
in their own backyard the commission are openly practising this job for life approach and , if you do not get on the bottom rung of the ladder then there really is a block on you . lavoro
i am still willing to give thought to whether we can have a more open system for all those jobs where we need professional experience . mansioni
for those young people who come directly to assistant jobs , whether we have age limits or not it is very clear that these jobs are for people without professional experience as a first step in the administration . posti
mr president , farmers need a stable and predictable working framework if we want to put a stop to the loss of jobs in the sector , where a further 230 000 jobs were shed in 1996 . posti
it gives priority to financing all production which costs jobs , with one scandalous exception - the tiny tobacco-growing area . disoccupazione
reforming and modernizing labour markets is the third axis of a coherent and integrated strategy for jobs . occupazione
the very positive reaction of the member states , all the member states , to the idea of territorial pacts for jobs is another reason for satisfaction . occupazione
a new form of partnership is being forged on the ground and will be turned into a practicality by the launch of some 90 pacts , which will be hotbeds for job creation . posti
as far as employment and social affairs are concerned , the draft text prepared by the dutch presidency takes into account the demand of european citizens by introducing into the treaty the fight against unemployment , the creation of new jobs , the maintenance of a system of social security that is in keeping with the european model . posti
it is the treaty that must include clear commitments and operational tools so that the coordination of economic policies really does take on board the requirement of cooperation over jobs . occupazione
our job is to make it clear to the national governments that democracy is an essential for european integration , not an inconvenient obstacle ! compito
however , we understand the need to add to this pact economic and social provisions , with jobs as the target . occupazione
the point i wish to make this morning is that job creation should be the central priority . posti
i believe that if this is done , the amsterdam summit will be seen as an historic landmark in the development of europe , not only because of the new european treaty but also because it puts jobs at the top of europe 's agenda . occupazione
the issue of most widespread concern is employment , both the provision of employment opportunities for those without work and the improvement of job security for those currently at work . occupazionale
the best available method of ensuring job security for workers is by maintaining and , in many cases , improving the competitive advantages enjoyed by european-based industries . lavoro
we must guard against the tendency to introduce new legislation , particularly at european level , which increases the overall costs of production in our industry and threatens the job security of everybody ultimately employed in the industry . minaccerebbero
if we were to put the same energy into creating new jobs , new security , then i believe our citizens would be more confident . posti
the most important thing that the union can do to create a solid , durable policy for more new jobs is to introduce measures which will increase competitiveness . occupazione
it is therefore essential to finally turn away from the monetarist and neo-liberal lines currently being followed , in particular the nominal convergence criteria , and to replace them with guidelines centred on economic growth , job creation and social dialogue ; on giving form to cohesion ; on preventing speculative movements of capital ; on preserving public services and environmental conservation . posti
subject : job protection under the proposal for a regulation on the com in raw tobacco occupazione
will the council give priority to job protection in the new regulation on the com in raw tobacco ? occupazione
it is improper for the council to answer in this bureaucratic , descriptive way to a question not referring to the report presented by the commission but a question about jobs . occupazione
my question is about jobs : what you in your speeches call ' the first priority of our policies ' : jobs . occupazione
do you not think that preserving jobs has to be the condition , the basic premise of any actions provided for by the regulation to be approved by the council ? occupazione
1 , 600 , 000 direct daily jobs are generated by the growing process alone , to give some idea ; that is without counting indirect jobs generated by related activities . piantagione
about 1400 jobs are affected , 700 of which are directly threatened by the move . posti
the workers at the ericsson factory are justifiably uneasy about their jobs since the undertaking has planned to shift the manufacture of printed circuits to scotland . posto
first of all , i would like to repeat that the shutdown of an undertaking providing jobs in a given region is always painful . lavoro
one of them referred to the effect of public spending cuts on aspects such as health and education , where female employment rates are very high , and the fact that those cuts can harm women 's job chances . occupazione
it also sets down guidelines for analysing pay structures and assessing jobs and , as a prior step , the compilation of adequate information on pay systems - which differ from country to country - and the study of collective bargaining procedures , to determine where action must be taken to avoid wage discrimination . posti
we think that transparency is needed not only for assessing jobs but also for collective bargaining . posti
we must raise awareness of social partners and inform them , and disseminate the code , not only in large companies , not only among the social partners , not only among governments , but also among the smes which create more than 85 % of jobs in the european union . posti
these hidden mechanisms are now going to be revealed : how a job is evaluated , how the evaluation systems come into being and how they are applied , how the payment system is constructed , and why this disparity even lurks in collective agreements . lavoro
the main reason is that men and women tend to be employed in different occupations and men 's jobs tend to be higher paid . occupazioni
the commission 's view is that when a women does a job which is as demanding as a man 's she ought to receive the same pay and benefits , even if it is a different job . lavoro
firstly we are calling on the commission to undertake research on a gender-free job evaluation scheme and to prepare model job evaluation guidelines for use as a bench mark by the social partners . lavoro
the fact that women are disadvantaged is also apparent in the training sector , in the fact that they are diverted into so-called typical women 's jobs - often part-time jobs offering no social security - and the prevention of career advancement and access to management positions . posti
the intention is to examine what kinds of professional inequality exist , whether discrimination is being disguised by paying men additional bonuses , or whether job evaluations are quite simply one-sided . nascostamente
currently it is women who have the low paid jobs , who work within the public sector , who have part time jobs and atypical work patterns . lavori
we must ensure that this type of work also brings with it social security as other jobs do . lavori
they are both equally hard and demanding jobs . difficile
to single out a few important points : concentration on new products and vertical market segments , such as telemedicine , voice processing or distance learning , special consideration for smes , especially those in the tourist sector , for which additional market conditions and booking facilities are being opened up and in which jobs can be created with the aid of modern communications technology . posti
but jobs can be created only where a policy of sustainability can be pursued without sacrificing economy . posti
jacques delors was aware of this when he wrote in his white paper that environmental technologies can create jobs and , in that way , bring about a much fairer society . posti
we are offering voluntary work , financed from taxation , whereas the demand for company jobs is insufficient . lavoro
we have politicians who believe that an additional article or law can create jobs . posti
i believe that jobs can only be created if people are taught how to produce the goods or provide the services that consumers want . posti
it also plays a decisive role for developing human resources , a key to the recovery of lost jobs , economic competitiveness and growth . posti
in terms of social issues , 1996 was disastrous for the farming world : 600 000 farms disappeared , 230 000 full-time jobs were slashed . 000
in addition to these alarming figures is the fact that farming-related rural jobs were also lost , in the trade , crafts and public services sectors . posti
we hope that the council will take on board the commission proposals in order to enable a maximum number of farmers and farm workers to preserve their working tools and their jobs in a europe where unemployment is increasing at an alarming rate ( now more than 12 million unemployed ) . occupazioni
mr president , the elections in indonesia attracted a great deal of attention , not just because of the hundreds of people killed during the run-up to them , but also because of the highly organized way in which the government disabled the opposition , prevented the media from doing their job and manipulated the international media . dovere
. ( da ) it is important to bring about a sustainable development model in the european union - both in order to increase employment and to create attractive job opportunities . lavoro
employment , jobs , the single currency , racism , community life and other difficult issues are doubtless of the greatest importance . lavoro
it accounts for 1.5 % of the gdp of the european union and is a large source of jobs . occupazione
sport is an excellent instrument for creating jobs ; sport as an instrument for combating social exclusion , poverty in less favoured communities ; sport as a vehicle of integration par excellence ; sport as a means of forging links between people from different parts of the world or different walks of life . occupazione
this formidable tool of social cohesion , education , crime prevention and job creation must now mobilize all our energy . posti
in villages , entertainment is rare and sport can be an excellent means of forging friendly links between people , and help them to find a job and stop them from abandoning our important rural fabric . lavoro
madam president , the rapporteur described very adequately the background to this interim report , and i do not propose to go into that sort of detail - she has done an excellent job there . lavoro
on the contrary , the group of advisers on ethics has proved itself to be a group of hired applauders of the european commission , and its job is simply to create acceptance for gene technology and biomedicine . compito
this return to a higher rate of growth should allow a net increase of two million in the number of jobs in europe over the two years 1997 and 1998 . lavoro
because from essen we know that employment policy cannot be made effective , or at least , jobs cannot be created , by words alone . posti
i can also tell you that the council will study initiatives to look into the possibilities of creating jobs for smes on the basis of a new report by the advisory committee on competitiveness . posti
we have seen over recent decades that most jobs have come from small firms , that new enterprises can create a great many jobs and that the slim initiatives in particular are designed to relieve the burden on these firms and can therefore also produce greater competitiveness . posti
in particular , the new approach being asked of the eib - that it should release resources to enable smes , especially those working in leading-edge sectors which , by definition , are the ones that create jobs - should enable more resources to be made available to the smes . occupazione
first , let me say that i quite agree that jobs cannot be created with documents and treaties . occupazione
nor can we give europe back the confidence it needs to rediscover its drive and create new jobs if we are constantly going to throw in the towel and adopt the pessimistic view . posti
this gives employment but not real competitive jobs . competitivo
within limits she has done a competent and workmanlike job . lavoro
however , the job has been left unfinished . rimasta
and our job , as elected representatives of the people , is to disseminate that power to the people . compito
the indirect effect of ict on the european economy as a whole could lead to the creation of between 0.5 and almost 1.5 billion new jobs . lavoro
i believe that a competitive european economy is the main point of departure for creating new jobs . posti
we agree with the analysis that attributes this total lack of resources to the budgetary austerity connected with the convergence criteria for the single currency , resulting in public spending cuts that have a particular impact on education , closing classes , abolishing jobs and providing no real training for the teachers in the new technologies . posti
the european tourist industry must set up information and booking systems that can be accessed world-wide even in the most remote regions , which will also help protect and create jobs . posti
yet i am certain we will have a chance to take a flexible approach to changes in the world and in economic circumstances and to pay more attention to means of actually creating long-term jobs , which is a major aim of the structural funds . posti
this is surely what we can do at european level to ensure that the work being done by member states to deal with the curse of unemployment is sustainable , ensuring that economic and employment policies across fifteen of the richest countries in the world working in close and careful harmony will make a huge contribution to growth and real job creation . posti
if the council was really serious about job creation , there is a real opportunity to prove it immediately . immediatamente
the council will be required to approve the statute unanimously , so we shall see then whether it intends to give parliament the means to do its job in a credible way . mandato
as well as emu , we also need a political union to counterbalance the one-sided monetarist approach that has led millions of europeans to associate the euro , even before it is introduced , with social disintegration and job losses . posti
the resolution on employment and growth adopted at amsterdam opens up various avenues of exploration which might lead to the creation of jobs , but it still bears the heavy imprint of the european council in essen , with its emphasis on competitiveness , flexibility and reducing the cost of labour . posti
we are no closer to any measures on this , and all the treaty does is to create false expectations , not real jobs . posti
madam president , if we look back at the problems we faced before and during the amsterdam summit , we can see straight away that the dutch presidency has done a very good job , particularly in getting 15 signatures at the bottom of the treaty . prestazione
but it is difficult to discern the new jobs that are to replace those which are being swept away by the conditions for the single currency . posti
in my capacity as the elected representative of an objective 2 canton , i , like all the other local actors ( the relevant authorities and the social partners ) , am confronted with these problems with the setting-up of projects to create jobs . posti
essential in the sense - and this is perhaps not always sufficiently strongly emphasized - that his job is to deprive those national governments that are forever seeking to pass every kind of worst evil off onto the community institutions , thus transferring problems they were unable to resolve at national level to a european level , of a certain number of excuses . riversare
this report by mr papakyriazis is full of unnecessary criticism of the ombudsman , and seems to expect him to do many things that are not actually his job . papakyriazis
the job of the ombudsman is to check that our european institutions are managed correctly and , on behalf of the people of europe , to put the spotlight on administrative errors . NULL
parliament cannot be involved in this committee : we shall be calling the commission to account , but our job is purely to monitor . funzione
when mr rothley says jobs are at stake , that is nothing but polemics . posti
as someone involved in third world policy , i can say from personal experience that no jobs are created by these activities ; they only serve to swell the coffers of the multinationals . posto
do this call for growth and progress and the illusory promise of more jobs not represent a threat to social welfare and the rule of law ? do they not undermine the principle of respect for nature ? posti
we may wonder whether during this 18 month delay , research into biotechnology and the biotechnology industry in europe have suffered a competitive setback compared with their american and japanese counterparts and whether capital and jobs have been lost . posti
had they been kept separate , we should long since have entered into competition with the united states and japan , and we need that for development in europe and to create jobs . occupazione
i think that the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights has done a great job . lavoro
they are an encouragement to innovation , investment and job creation . posti
amendments 71 to 75 , which mrs gebhardt and i have tabled , do not seek to prohibit patents ; their purpose is only to exclude those patents that go too far , because medical patients and the treatment of serious diseases , as well as the job situation in europe , are equally pressing concerns of ours . lavoro
mr president , commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to begin by congratulating the three rapporteurs for the excellent and enormous job they have done , and particularly mr herman , whose work on this subject is being concluded after a truly brilliant conciliation process . lavoro
a good international fisheries agreement is an arrangement that helps at one and the same time save jobs both afloat and in coastal regions and also helps promote effective management of fish stocks in third countries . occupazione
as regards the draft supplementary and amending budget no 1 for 1997 , may i be permitted , while saluting the excellent job done by the rapporteur , mr laurens brinkhorst , who has succeeded in putting the emphasis on such priorities as creating new posts at the commission , to express my group 's concern over the grant to the trademark office in alicante , the entire allocation of 12.5 million ecu of which has been put into reserve . lavoro
for instance , in liberia we had ' guns for jobs ' and it is working . posti
in particular , taken together , they will , in my view , offer new opportunities for bus and coach service operators which will in turn generate much needed new jobs in the transport industry . posti
relocation - stipulated in certain contracts - especially for qualified jobs , leads to social dumping . posti
i am satisfied that the benefits for people , jobs and research are enormous . occupazione
we wish to use in the most effective , most aggressive and most constructive way possible the opportunity of the next four months to act in favour of jobs . occupazione
our leader , mrs pauline green , has just sent the heads of state and governments a letter indicating six avenues down which our efforts and proposals should head : improving the coordination of national economic policies ; reducing labour costs ; ending youth and long-term unemployment ; looking for new approaches to working hours ; developing social and environmental jobs ; encouraging public and private investment . occupazioni
for us socialists we think that the social model should be modernized along with labour legislation but that that should be done without systematically making jobs more precarious or dismantling the public service . ammodernamenti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president-in-office , in the programme that you have set for your presidency , you pick out three main events : the extraordinary summit on jobs , the enlargement process and pursuit of monetary preparations . occupazione
we cannot hide from you the fact that we continue to hope for a genuine evolution of behaviour that will facilitate the creation jobs , especially in smes . occupazionali
we approve of your suggestion to the member states to make known their national measures with an impact on jobs . occupazione
we believe that , with this subordination to the criteria of the stability pact , it is very difficult to create jobs if there is no change in macro-economic policies . occupazione
i am absolutely delighted that there is going to be a special job summit in november . occupazione
perhaps one of the best ways to do that is to have low-interest europe-wide loans directed at trans-european networks but also the development of small and medium-sized enterprises - one of the key ways to effectively create new jobs in europe today . posti
why not instead choose a well-used relaunch of social public expenditure or in other words expenditure which should contribute to greater growth and more genuine jobs and therefore higher public and social revenues which would reduce deficits ? occupazione
flexibility and modernization can only come about as the result of a contract where there is flexibility on the one side and more jobs , for example , or adequate security and social security on the other . occupazione
the extreme differences in tax legislation within europe result in substantial distortions of competition and , in due course , the destruction of jobs . posti
on the basis of the existing programmes , priority is being given to speeding up the programme aimed at local development , including job creation , assistance with the reorganization of the police , an audit of how the pyramid schemes were organized , infrastructure projects to improve the links between various towns , and improvement of the tax collecting system . posti
the new government has a difficult job ahead of it . compiti
has the council considered how many jobs would be lost in sweden if the country were to lower taxes and make cuts as recommended ? NULL
furthermore , the amsterdam european council confirmed that healthy public finances are a necessary condition for strong and lasting growth which in itself generates jobs . occupazione
this is really about the loss of many jobs in the eu region , which is perhaps the biggest problem in europe at the moment . posti
mr president , employment is one of our main concerns and you can be quite sure that i am the last person not to be concerned about people losing their jobs : i think that is one thing which unites us in a question which may divide us . lavoro
president santer was saying this morning that the primary functions of the union were to create sustainable growth and new jobs . posti
i would say that sustainable growth , properly used , does create new jobs . occupazione
because we all know that we not only can create new , lasting jobs through environmental repairs - something that still has to be done in many places , because things are a long way from being as they should -but , in particular , we can do so by undertaking preventive environmental protection in all areas ; in other words , our aim must be the rational use of energy ; our aim must be to guarantee a water supply that is environmentally compatible and provides people with enough water ; our aim must be to organize waste management posti
investment in improving the global environment is investment in jobs and prosperity and it is high time this was given more credibility by finance ministers . posti
we are neither comforted nor satisfied by the suspension of the programmes , which also hits deserving projects , condemns businesses and jobs and threatens the newly established decentralized cooperation . posti
the amendments i have tabled propose ongoing support for farmers in objective 1 and 5b areas , switching to types of tobacco which will eventually be able to compete on the market without subsidy , and assistance for new types of agriculture or other jobs on a scale never enjoyed by the hundreds of thousands of miners , steel workers , shipbuilders , fishermen and others who have lost their jobs through restructuring over the last two decades .  
this is a depth of solidarity which was not there for those other workers whose governments were and are forbidden to subsidize these jobs under eu rules . posti
we are discussing tobacco production figures which represent 5 % of world production , and the sector currently provides direct employment for 170 , 000 people and jobs for 135 , 000 in the conversion industry . 000
we are therefore talking about over 300 , 000 jobs which , as explained here , involves ecu 1000 million . posti
we do not , therefore , want this proposal to punish us into creating 300 , 000 jobs which already exist and which cost the community a respectable amount of money , an amount which i regard as sufficiently justified , in order to help - as has so rightly been stated - the four multinationals which run the business . posti
let us consider the problem of employment : employees number not just 300 , 000 , but 1 , 420 , 000 if both direct employment and ancillary jobs are taken into account : 11 per cent in greece , 9 per cent in italy ; 80 per cent are women ; and all , let us remember , in areas which are regarded as less favoured . 000
those are job losses , jobs which cannot be replaced , because a producer who makes his workers redundant does not subsequently care what happens to them , whether they remain unemployed , hungry and socially excluded . una
i should like to say three things to you , who criticize tobacco : first of all , i should like them to understand the importance of the 300 000 jobs in the sector , in a europe with no greater tragedy than unemployment . posti
it would make no sense , for example , to have a numerus clausus at lisbon university and not at the other universities in the country , as qualified doctors from other universities could then have access to jobs in the lisbon region . lavoro
one view was that if we are in favour of restricting the cultivation of tobacco , then we must offer those regions and businesses who depend on tobacco growing some alternatives , by means of compensatory payments and subsidies , so that jobs are maintained in these rural areas and so that businesses are not destroyed . posti
however , mr commissioner , some of the measures contained in its proposals actually destroy jobs . occupazione
if the commission 's statement that it wishes to promote employment for women and farmers is true , it cannot later cynically pad out its proposals with all-purpose words , such as quality , which it does not define , which conceal hypocritical policies which destroy jobs . occupazione
nor should we forget that , without jobs ( supposedly a priority , according to a good deal of rhetoric ) , without incomes , without alternatives and without prospects for a dignified way of life , the mental and physical health of far more than 150 000 people employed in this sector would be far worse than the harm done by the smoke of a cigarette that would undoubtedly continue to be produced any way . lavoro
estimates from organisations such as alternative european economists show that shorter working hours create new jobs . lavoro
it is possible that 5-10 million new jobs could be created in eu countries , depending on the number of hours cut from the working week . della
the report which we are debating today rightly emphasizes employment and the creation of new jobs , and the need to prevent relocation . posti
we all remember the lack of dialogue surrounding the renault-vilvoorde company 's decision and the loss of three thousand jobs . posti
today , even , the us multinational , electrolux , is threatening to cut twenty thousand jobs in europe - some of these are in alcalá de henares , spain , a country with 20 % unemployment . posti
focus , therefore , on negotiation for jobs and on negotiation for not losing jobs . occupazione
perhaps this dialogue would be made easier by a satisfactory code of conduct for multinationals , preventing them from depriving europe of twenty thousand jobs without any consequences for themselves . posti
for some , the amsterdam summit was a time of frustration and of failure , because it did not focus enough on social cohesion and job creation . occupazione
we know that there is going to be a summit in luxembourg , but are very much afraid that , as mr juncker told us the other day in the committee on employment and social affairs , if there is no finance for such job creation , the summit will not be sufficiently forceful in creating the employment we all need . occupazione
for operational reasons , in order to be able to do the job , the commission , which executes 98 % of the budget , needs to be able to delegate powers to 500 or more officials , some of whom inevitably will be exercising some degree of discretion on behalf of their institution . compiti
mrs thyssen has done an excellent job - there is really not much to add . lavoro
experiments with liberal opening hours have sometimes shown that neither businesses , employees , nor consumers are willing to depart from tradition , and that there has been no increase at all in turnover , let alone the creation of any new jobs . posti
the building of new supermarkets on the outskirts of small towns has often meant that the creation of new jobs on the edge of town has been matched by a loss of jobs in the centre . posti
turning now to the substance of the matter , this is indeed a very important subject , because we are talking here about many hundreds of thousands , indeed millions of jobs in the european union . posti
mr president , the employment summit is to take place in luxembourg in a few months from now , and job creation must of course be its top priority . occupazione
in my opinion , the education programmes have already done an excellent job , and can do even more in the future . ottimi
under the heading of imperfections of the existing arrangement , particular attention should be paid to delays in the implementation of community credits , the complexity and rigidity of procedures , various ambiguities concerning the implementation of the principle of additionality , and inadequacies in the evaluation of schemes , especially with regard to net job creation . posti
the rigid criteria applied to the smes and smis mean that many projects are disqualified even though they would create large numbers of jobs . lavoro
if we can qualify and classify these with the cross-border bodies , we shall have done a very good job . lavoro
through their actions some ministers undervalue the critical part the cultural industries play in the whole of our economy and the enormous potential they have for job creation . posti
i thought it had been agreed in amsterdam that job creation was the number one priority . lavoro
personally , being heavily involved in following the work of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media and , above all , that of the conciliation committee , i am very happy to see this report brought to a conclusion but very sad to note the rigid attitude of member states who , whilst having fine words to say on the theme of culture as a factor of identity and in the development of jobs , refuse to invest in the theme . occupazione
in fact , europe , the old continent , can draw full advantage from this issue which is so crucial not only to jobs , but also to peace . occupazione
mr president , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in this headlong rush towards the euro and eastern europe , it almost seems unusual to be talking about cohesion , regional development , culture - culture , indeed ! - and their contribution to creating jobs . posti
and we are talking about employment , about cultural activities as generators of jobs , which can and must create the indispensable harmony between the past to be preserved and the future to be built , not denying that past but valuing it . posti
but perhaps the most important contribution we can make , in the form of both job opportunities and cultural exchange , is to be found , i believe , in another area , i.e. in the activities of local and regional associations and organizations . occupazione
there are great opportunities here to support local and regional cultural life by providing assistance and by developing various cultural activities and cultural institutions which can create both a better cultural exchange and job opportunities which are well distributed over regions and countries . occupazione
culture is an important source of employment , for example , in tourism : this sector alone accounts for 7 % of jobs in the union . posti
according to current regulations culture can only then be considered when it is part of the regional or local development plans for the creation of permanent jobs . posti
only rarely is it realised that cultural events , new works , or activities concerned with the conservation of the landscapes or buildings , create jobs both directly and indirectly , and sometimes even more than with traditional productive companies . posti
and so i think it would be an excellent idea if , in the november conference , prominence were given to the subject of culture as a force for the creation of jobs . lavoro
as for what culture and the maintenance of culture mean for jobs , i have explained this in the preceding report and have no need to repeat it . occupazione
this means that there is now a lot of choice , and many new companies have created many new job opportunities . lavoro
on the contrary , competition has created many new job opportunities . lavoro
at the same time it directly affects the position of the workers , which can be translated into a significant loss of jobs in postal offices which at present employ 1 , 500 , 000 workers . posti
to hollow out this directive even further as some of the amendments aim for , is not good for the consumer and is also not good for jobs in the medium term . occupazionale
i should very much like a pledge from the commissioner that at the end of next year he will come up with a realistic programme for the real liberalization of the market in the interests of the consumer and jobs . occupazione
they told me that french women do not want to do all the men 's jobs and that they do not harbour any socialist yearnings to become pneumatic drill-wielding soviet-style labourers . lavori
that is obvious in professional life , where top jobs continue to be occupied on genderspecific lines , despite every evidence of high qualifications and expertise produced amongst women . posizioni
on the job market women continue to be a reserve available as required . lavoro
the commission is ready to work with parliament and the presidency of the council to find the most effective contribution the community budget can make to the november jobs summit . occupazione
the commissioner has informed us of the bureaucratic terms of the diatribe , which is his job . compito
we now have to make the best of a bad job . lavoro
the latest estimates suggest that the businesses in which the number of jobs in europe will rise substantially , will be those which require high qualifications , and that the jobs are more likely to come in the service sector than in manufacturing . posti
we are aware that the correlation between research , technological development and innovation on the one hand and productivity growth and job creation on the other is very strong . occupazione
far more will be achieved through programmes such as this than ever will be achieved through the jobs package which is being dressed up by the european council to convince our citizens that we are doing something about employment . posti
i welcome this report and believe that parliament should spend a lot of time looking at what the commission is doing and ensuring that our innovation policies , which will really foster jobs , will take us forward into the next century . posti
when we paralyze innovation or restrict it , we also restrict job creation . posti
but those who cling to the jobs of the past restrict the jobs of the future . lavoro
the way to more jobs , better workplaces and a better environment and working environment is through innovation . posti
firstly , it is said that innovation will result in more jobs , but the innovation and employment statistics from the last 25 years indicate precisely the opposite . occupazione
the increased productivity yield per hour worked means there is a decrease in the number of jobs . posti
it is the second largest provider of jobs in the european union , with 4.5 million commercial business , one third of all european businesses , 95 per cent of which have less than 10 employees , 22 million direct jobs , 16 per cent of the european workforce , 55 per cent of employees in the retail sector are women , 3.4 million retail businesses employ 15 million people , 1.1 million wholesale businesses with 7 million jobs , and 13 per cent of the value added of the european economy . NULL
this green paper should be particularly important because of the predominant role that trade plays in the search for new pools of jobs , since it is the second largest employer in the community . occupazionali
the subject of the report this evening by our colleague , mr garosci , which is an excellent report , is a matter of profound importance because commerce , retail and wholesale distribution and retail services to the public in general are great creators of jobs , as has been pointed out by a number of other speakers in the debate so far . posti
the job is done by the boss and either the boss 's wife or husband . lavoro
we cannot go on adding burdens of this kind on the small enterprises which are the great creators of jobs . posti
the creation of more jobs is always one of the top , i would say the top priority of the commission and of the european parliament . NULL
however , i know that all of us who have responsibility for this huge undertaking - the creation of jobs - and for the creation of better conditions for the development of commerce and of economic activities within the european union , that is to say , the council , the european parliament and the european commission , will agree that , in order to be equal to this great challenge , in order to be able to face up to and to formulate a white paper on commerce , we need the support of the directorate general xxiii in posti
and i would like to assure you that we will continue our efforts towards the provision of a framework within which commerce will be able to make progress and to participate in pushing forward development and in creating new jobs . posti
here we have the potential for job creation . posti
we know that the disgrace of the eu are the job queues where millions have no hope . disoccupati
legislators should have regard for their continuance and their important role in job security . posti
quite the contrary , i shall demand at the employment summit in luxembourg a marked increase in leonardo funding , because this is exactly what gives currently unemployed young people the means of getting jobs . lavoro
and so i would like to say to mr harrison , who was unfortunately forced to rush away from the debate , with all due respect to gordon brown and all his initiatives , it was under a tory government that the uk was the only country in the eu able to show a real upturn in enterprise and new jobs . occupazione
the report also emphasises that those businesses which have most profited from the internal market are mainly small and medium-sized ones , and this type of concern demonstrates the greatest potential for jobs dependent on growth . occupazionale
at the summits in essen and madrid the important role played by women in the development of small and medium-sized businesses , the creation of new jobs and the competitiveness of the european economy were confirmed . posti
the commission realises that the construction of a dynamic business culture is of very special importance to the creation of jobs and strengthening of competitiveness in europe . lavoro
as politicians we must be able to guarantee for present and future generations an improvement in their living conditions without destroying economic growth and jobs , and we must equally stop hiding behind claims that we nothing can be done . occupazione
we should be mindful of the consequences that may prove disastrous for jobs in this sector , indeed for its very future . occupazione
one of the reasons for welcoming this report is that farmers have to contend with so many uncertainties in their job . lavoro
every year 500 , 000 jobs are lost in european agriculture . posti
in order to encourage enterprises to create more new jobs , member states must exploit the current favourable macro-economic climate to reverse finally the adverse long-term trend towards higher taxes and , indeed , charges on labour , which have increased from 35 % in 1980 to over 42 % in 1995 . posti
i have not gone into detail regarding the proposals , which you must of course study within the global package and which cover several dozen pages , but in order to encourage businesses to create new jobs we consider that the member states must exploit the favourable macro-economic climate in order to reverse the long term trend towards increasing tax and social security contributions . posti
in fact , does he agree that all these jobs will be undermined unless the very essence of taxation changes , substituting forms of energy tax and vat so that income tax can be cut . lavoro
does it mean the usa-style development , where new jobs actually mean jobs which pay salaries that no one can live on , or does it mean dialogue in the labour markets ? posti
this is what the amsterdam summit asked us to do ; to regard unemployment and job creation as a matter of common concern . posti
what does the commission intend to do to get industry to create jobs and training places , instead of rationalizing and dispersing jobs ? posti
i should like the president of the commission to give an assessment of member states ' efforts towards the convergence of their economies , and the effects these efforts are having on the labour market and job creation . posti
we should be wary of tax dumping or tax competition , with different member states chasing jobs and investment , unless progress is made in this area . posti
mr president , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is not our job as a parliament to spend more money at all costs . de
our job is rather to recognize obstacles and clear them out of the way , to make the community capable of action . compito
i see that the submission by the two rapporteurs , who have done a good job , is pretty much in line with expectations . lavoro
it is because some governments do not wish to implement the interinstitutional agreement fully that it often seems as if the european parliament is not doing its job . lavoro
in 1992 canada declared a moratorium on the fishing of northern cod and they estimate that this resulted in the loss of some 40 , 000 jobs in newfoundland . posti
this is a very timely debate because we heard president santer earlier this afternoon discussing the issue of the jobs summit meeting to be held in luxembourg and there is an intimate link between our social security systems , the levels of unemployment and the whole future of growth and employment within the european union . occupazione
similarly when you say that neither the observation of convergence criteria nor the date of implementation of the third phase can undermine the indispensable efforts made by the union to create jobs , i am sorry but that sentence is ambiguous . occupazione
disjointed , for example , because it is difficult to maintain that maastricht affects the criteria for budgetary leeway on social measures and at the same time that it does not really do so because a small shortfall leads to lower interest costs , more investment , growth , jobs and therefore a broader tax basis . occupazione
i should first like to stress that it is the countries that persevere and systematically make their government finances healthy that score highest in terms of jobs and therefore lay the bases for affordable social security . occupazione
concerning the fight for jobs , we must emphasize the budgets which are destined , on a regional level , to facilitate insertion and return to work , notably by supporting the fabric of the community which is now trying to respond to this , but with insufficient resources . NULL
because of the current state of affairs the italian government has not yet submitted an official request for aid , but europe cannot stand idly by when confronted with such extremely serious events which have resulted in deaths , damage costing hundreds of billions of lire and thousands of people losing their homes and jobs , and damaged a substantial number of works of art which are not the heritage of italy or europe but the world . lavoro
i am not going to talk about the employment aspect as , earlier , president santer and padraig flynn had the opportunity of presenting to you the guidelines to be adopted by the commission in view of the jobs summit , but it seems to me that they signal an extremely innovative element in the context of this desire to recreate jobs in europe , which of course will be a step towards improving our social accounts . occupazione
i have no doubts that mr alber is an excellent lawyer , and i would also like to join in congratulating him both on this report and on his future job . missione
with two-figure growth rates , high-rise buildings were shooting up like mushrooms , output and exports were booming like never before , and europe was starting to feel the aggressive competition in trade and had to - and is still having to - contend with job relocation . posti
it is the job of the european union to take care of this . compito
she has done a splendid job to bring this report before parliament today . lavoro
the text making this compromise possible is as follows : " 2. recalls that budgetary discipline and the achievement of monetary union are perfectly compatible with sustainable growth and job-creation policies , but that neither compliance with the convergence criteria nor the date for stage three should detract from the need for efforts on the part of the union and the member states to create jobs and to maintain and , where necessary , improve social security . ' occupazione
the danish social democrats agree that a better coordination of tax systems would be good in view of , amongst other things , the unfortunate situations we saw when ireland drastically reduced its corporation tax and so took jobs away from other countries , including denmark . posti
however , i am surprised by the unproven assertion that neither these criteria nor the date on which the euro comes into force can undermine the concerted efforts of the eu to create jobs , maintain social security and , if necessary , strengthen it ! posti
this cannot be serious , and we ask ourselves what our negotiators can be thinking of , to want to make us accept such a makeshift job . pasticcio
about 1 , 000 jobs are dependent on live exports from ireland . posti
on the eve of the european employment summit we are receiving various letters and reports about the thousands of jobs that will be lost as a result of the abolition of tax-free sales in european trade planned for 1999 . posti
when people ask about the social benefits , i can state quite simply that if we want to create jobs , then this is an area - and i mean communications in general - in which employment is being created . posti
we calculate that in the years to come most jobs , and not only new jobs , but also old-style jobs whose character is changing , will be in information and communications . posti
i have even heard the argument that the production and marketing of these devices creates jobs . posti
the money earned from these jobs is then spent on finding out how to get rid of the products they created . posti
we have had to perform a balancing act to safeguard the interests of consumers and independent vehicle spare parts manufacturers , who provide a considerable number of jobs . occupazione
let me explain : on the one hand , the council does not waste an opportunity to praise the open market , consumer protection and job protection ; on the other , when it comes to the legal protection of designs and models , it adopts rather debatable legal devices that actually favour the predominance of the large spare parts manufacturers to the detriment of the smaller producers , the open market , consumers and workers . posti
we do not want increased repair charges any more than we want to see jobs lost . posti
i would just like to point out that jobs are going to be lost not only on the production line but also , quite understandably , in the trade sector where spare parts are sold , and of course in turn in the free-market factories which would no longer be able to operate to full capacity . posti
jobs are going to be lost there too . posti
mr president , mr president of the european council , ladies and gentlemen , 1997 may be a decisive year in the fight for jobs . occupazione
in november it will specify its ideas on the contribution of community policies in the fight for jobs . occupazione
if macro-economic hypotheses are confirmed and if the necessary structural measures are taken , we are committed , as far as possible , to the creation of 12 million jobs over five years . posti
moreover , i do not need to remind this house that , during the period 1985 to 1990 , the europe of twelve succeeded in creating 10 million new jobs , and managed to reduce inflation by 3 % , bringing it down from 10.5 % to 7.5 % . posti
this will enable account to be taken of the individual specificities of different national job markets . occupazione
mr president , structural reforms of national job markets will certainly be at the centre of our discussions in luxembourg , but this is not sufficient . lavoro
efficiency improvements in businesses are at the moment almost entirely geared to shedding jobs . lavoro
who would not be in agreement with the idea of creating 12 million jobs , of bringing the unemployment rate down to 7 % and of reducing the number of young unemployed by half by the year 2002 ? posti
the commission bases its proposals on competitiveness by relying on flexibility , camouflaged under the concepts of adaptability and feasibility which , i have to say , treats with disdain the elementary right of each person to a stable job , correctly remunerated and reconcilable with family life . impiego
the 35-hour week is not a fashion , mrs hermange , it is a part of the great objective of civilization to achieve better quality of life and create jobs . posti
the summit must not be a cover-up , promoting deregulation and flexibilization , nor should it seek to impose a policy of jobs with no real prospects . panegirico
we must realise that the restructuring of industrial policy creates jobs . posti
the reduction of the working week could create hundreds of thousands of jobs in europe , on the condition that it is implemented alongside a true revolution in the organization of work , based - why not - on annualization and on a revival of the policy of innovation and training . posti
when commission president jacques santer says that many new jobs were created last year , i think it should be added that these were above all part-time jobs . posti
somebody used a strong expression today : mass unemployment , almost twenty million europeans without a stable job . occupazione
we need to shift the tax burden away from the things that we want , like jobs and investment , and on to the things that we do not want , like use of scarce natural resources and pollution . occupazione
i welcome in particular the draft employment guidelines for the summit and its four pillars - employability , entrepreneurship , adaptability and equal opportunities - which are so important in creating a climate in which jobs will emerge . occupazione
the number of jobs has increased and companies have gained by increasing production capacity and heightening the efficient use of the day . lavoro
this also means that the employment policy and the eu 's attempts to create more jobs are based on this growth rate and on encouraging companies to invest . posti
in it we propose that a new treaty should be concluded , a treaty which would balance other treaties , a treaty with an environmental content , that is , the creation of job opportunities through environmental conversion programmes . lavoro
equal job opportunities for women have still not been achieved . lavoro
this will also help control the illicit job market , currently on the increase , which is damaging job opportunities . lavoro
in conclusion let me say once again that the council and the commission must eliminate tax dumping in the member states once and for all , as this also destroys job opportunities . lavoro
although i personally feel that job creation is mainly the role of business , this initiative can have its uses , certainly as regards education and providing funds to create jobs . posti
we have all experienced a certain amount of scepticism when talking to our citizens , the most common question being " what is the point of europe if it cannot safeguard our jobs ? ' . posti
according to an internal german study , the eib funds referred to are only sufficient to create a maximum of 60 , 000 new jobs . lavoro
jobs , which have not yet been mentioned here , are being created not only through flexibility in the job market , but also through flexiblity in other production factors , based on the product market . posti
those countries that have created a number jobs have also created genuine deregulation of the product market . posti
a study appeared recently stating that , if recourse was made in germany to the robots already known today , there would be nine million fewer jobs , and 25 million fewer in the united states ! posti
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , on 20 and 21 november in luxembourg , the heads of state and of government will have a difficult job to do . compito
i share the view about active rather than passive measures , but at the same time in recent years in sweden we have seen tens of thousands of women go from their badly-needed jobs in the public sector into passive unemployment . posti
firstly , we can but note that in fighting against unemployment , we not only have to control it but we also have to create jobs . occupazione
jobs must be created in europe , they must be created in dynamic industrial sectors and they must give rise to both public and private investments . NULL
secondly , injections of capital into smes , which are already the biggest creators of jobs . posti
thirdly , financial incentives for scientific research and technological development to make up the gap between us and japan and the united states and also loans for jobseeking , vocational training , job opportunities in the environmental and cultural sectors and in what is known as the third sector , the social economy sector . impiego
i believe that the credibility of this parliament and the other community institutions depends on our finding solutions to the biggest problem faced by the citizens of the union : job creation . occupazione
the central point is therefore to show a desire to regulate processes by means of a concerted european policy that forces institutions at all levels , european , national and local , to direct overall economic choices towards a new model of development , to create the contextual conditions for this development to be made in the direction of creating new jobs . posti
firstly , we should strive to provide young people with a basic education which includes both a fundamental knowledge of edp skills and the language of another eu country , with a view to increasing their job mobility . grado
thirdly , we must learn to educate people to meet the actual needs of the job market . lavoro
unemployed young people , who experience extra difficulties in finding a job , need imaginative and even risky formulae , such as increasing the numbers who train for a profession , linking training and work experience , or supporting lifelong learning . lavoro
we must share our experiences in how to convert passive policies into active policies , and unemployment benefits into support for new jobs . posti
incentives are needed to promote job training and lifelong learning . professionale
the challenge to the job market can be answered not by a free market policy but by a social one with real partnership ! lavoro
for my part i am convinced that the planned funding by the european investment bank will not be sufficient in the medium term if the council of ministers takes its job seriously . mansioni
and that is also true of a european employment strategy that offers not workfare projects but job guarantees , investment in employment and a better future . lavoro
both sides of industry need to reach agreements so that after training , job opportunities , including contract-type work , are available to the long term unemployed and the young . disoccupati
in job creation we in europe must invest in training , research and quality , and thereby improve our competitiveness in relation to non-eu countries . posti
european citizens , particularly the millions of young people without jobs and as many millions again of long term unemployed , are waiting , perhaps with some hope , for the urgent implementation of measures including employment training appropriate to market needs , the organization of working time - not just a reduction in working hours - and the financial measures made necessary by the coordination of economic policy . disoccupati
its roar is an offence in my view to our many long term unemployed and to our young people who get no job start at all . ruggito
it is ironic that we should be talking , on the one hand , about creating employment and , on the other hand , cutting jobs ourselves by our own actions . posti
as far as the issue of working hours is concerned , it is true that a reduced working week , correctly carried out , can create jobs . posti
job creation is the keyword . posti
consequently , this is a common element of analysis which should enable us to do a good job on this point . lavoro
once again , both in the conclusions of the amsterdam council and in the commission 's proposals or those of the european parliament , the total absence of any reference to the role of european trade defence policy in the fight for jobs is noted . occupazione
alongside all the laudable efforts to make the coming jobs summit in luxembourg a success and not another literary effort to be added to all those since essen , the commission and above all commissioner monti are applying themselves to the destruction of at least another quarter of a million jobs , because they refuse to take an initiative that could stop the legislation which will end in the automatical removal , by 1999 , of duty-free shops from airports and ships for travellers within the community . occupazione
we have just voted on paragraph 17 of the resolution on the jobs summit which asks the council to declare that the monti proposals concerning the single market must be adopted as soon as possible , because of the favourable impact they could have on jobs . occupazione
i think we have said a lot about the 20 million unemployed , which is good , but we have said nothing about the 55 million poor people , many of whom actually have jobs . lavoro
unemployment , employment and new jobs are national tasks . posti
this criticism , which is aimed at some parts of the report , should not detract from the excellent qualitative proposals contained therein , namely training as a means of matching the unemployed to the needs of the job market , more flexibility in the organization of working hours , lower vat rates for highlabour service industries , greater consideration of employment policy objectives when introducing structural aid , general reduction in the tax burden and a lowering of the various burdens imposed on smes . lavoro
this is described in sweden as subsidizing " servant 's jobs ' and is not regarded as providing any increase in employment to match the negative effects caused by the tax reduction . colf
the view is often expressed that this will create new jobs , but there is absolutely no theoretical or empirical evidence for this . occupazione
perhaps the most salient feature of this year 's budget , however , is the package of budget lines that we have put together , worth some ecu 150 million in total , to assist in the jobs summit . occupazione
these are budget lines that have been assisting in job creation , that we have put together as a package and we are offering to assist the heads of government in putting together a wider budget package . posti
if member states are serious about things like job creation , let them put this money into that . posti
the committee on transport and tourism welcomes the substantial increase in funding for transeuropean transport networks , which will create jobs in both the short and the long term . impiego
mr president , as the committee on culture rapporteur , i wish to state that we are generally very pleased with the outcome of the budget process which is a recognition of the importance of culture , education and the media in the process of job creation . posti
on the information lines , we are concerned that much of the money for the relays may go to just five big documentation centres , but apart from that i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on a good job . lavoro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , without wanting to prejudge next thursday 's votes on the amendments you are going to discuss , i would like to note particularly amendment 815 , which relates to the necessary financing for the promotion of jobs , an area in which the presidency wanted to include parliament from the very start of the debate on budgetary procedure . occupazione
this initiative , mr president , is a great credit to your parliament , as it contributes in a decisive way to the legitimation of the jobs package as it will be submitted to the extraordinary european council on 20 and 21 november . occupazione
i think he has done an excellent job in what has not been an easy budget year . lavoro
turning to the european budget itself , for the commission , section iii , there is firstly the point on the jobs initiative . occupazione
ever since 1994 we have supported having an idea of growth and jobs . occupazione
we would also like to have , as mr tillich 's report clearly points out , a commitment at the summit that when we are looking to the longer term - when we come to december and talk about agenda 2000 - we should bring together all the elements of job creation into one section under the financial perspective . posti
it seems to be somewhat odd that we talk about category 3 when we are looking at job creation , whereas category 2 is also doing a significant amount in that perspective . posti
in the first place , because we consider that the fight against unemployment and the creation of jobs must immediately be set free from the present restrictive policies . posti
at the end of the day , real jobs can only be created by a healthy and competitive european economy . europa
in conclusion , i would like to say that establishing and developing agencies is not a one-year job . lavoro
we are committed to encouraging smes to create jobs and prosperity in the regions and to promoting the diversification of wealth creation . posti
the public procurement process should be improved so that the working conditions and job security of those employed in the procurement service can be taken into account in connection with competitive activity . lavoro
it is not sectoral in its approach but covers a broad range of activities aimed at improving the employability of people for the local labour market by training them to fill the jobs available or by giving them access to new employment opportunities . posti
in fact , improved vocational qualifications and management skills are basic requirements for developing the tourism industry , which is acknowledged to offer considerable prospects for growth in job creation , already accounting for some 6 % of the total employment in the union . posti
if i could just explain , port-related activities relate to activities in a port area , in my own case , harwich - although it could be the port of athens or indeed the port of hamburg where people have lost their jobs because of a decline in port activities and a general decline in the maritime transport sector . lavoro
casting our gaze back - as some poet such as antonio machado once said - we see the jobs that have disappeared as well as those that have been created . posti
as a result of the strict monetary policy , the euro is already associated by millions of europeans with social breakdown and job losses even before it has come into being . posti
amsterdam did , it is true , help create the employment agreement but the weak point was always that europe was not putting any money on the table to help create jobs . posti
the trend for labour to be more heavily taxed all the time and capital less heavily taxed so that jobs are lost just when new ones should be being created is continuing . posti
we have to be clear that there are no shortcuts to creating jobs for our people . posti
at the same time , we must ensure that we have policies that stimulate sustainable growth in those sections of the economy which will produce the greatest number of jobs . posti
if we want to create jobs , that is where our emphasis should be . posti
that way we can safeguard jobs and create a competitive framework for businesses to thrive in . NULL
it will probably only increase the demand for jobs requiring high qualifications . impieghi
i would like to thank the rapporteur for doing a good job on the report on an issue which is important for europe . lavoro
as the council prepares for its extraordinary summit on employment , does it not understand the contradiction of continuing with the abolition of duty free sales in 1999 , and the unemployment that this would cause in the transport and tourism sectors , alongside moves to promote job creation ? posti
in view of the recent report by the aviation industry indicating that the abolition of duty free sales after june 1999 would result in the loss of 30 , 000 jobs , cause airports to raise charges and airlines to raise prices , does the council agree that it is therefore imperative that further studies are undertaken into the social and economic impact that abolition would cause ? posti
the contribution to the local economy from duty-free sales , not least in terms of jobs , is therefore not as notable . posti
is he aware that many of the statistics claimed for job losses and air traffic increases are highly speculative and that the reality is that it is a taxpayers ' subsidy to the traveller ? posti
is it in order for my colleague to accuse those who are in support of duty-free as unscrupulous , when all they are trying to do is preserve jobs , ensure lower airfares , promote tourism and the retention of essential ferry services . occupazione
after all , 240 , 000 jobs depend on this product in the philippines . posti
if this directive is adopted as it stands , many of these companies will be doomed to disappear , and obviously , many jobs will also disappear in this sector , which represents a famous traditional european activity . posti
if they are allowed into the eu , they should also be able to get education and jobs . lavoro
and we can also harmonize systems of taxation which may make it easier for the journalist and the newspaper publisher to do their particularly difficult and sensitive job . editore
our job - and it clearly is our job - is to create the clear legal framework that will enable the industry to help regulate itself . NULL
i would like to point out that if these countries wish to import this cattle live then this can be explained for three reasons : problems associated with refrigeration , the process of ritual slaughter and the preservation of jobs in the countries concerned . posti
we in ireland are exporting jobs as well . posti
agenda 2000 , which so many people mostly criticize , and which apparently few of the general critics seem to have read to the end , offers good starting points for the twin objectives of , first , maintaining jobs in rural areas , and , second , reducing costly overproduction . posti
that applies particularly to our suggestion for creating an integrated policy within and for rural areas , in which there should be concern for maintenance of a regional agriculture and , equally , concern for additional jobs , improved infrastructure policy and specific environmental protection . posti
as usual , he has done an excellent job . lavoro
apart from the fact of reducing supply the grubbing up premium can allow a certain number of farmers to pay off their debts and thereby allow the preservation of agricultural jobs which are currently in a very precarious situation . posti
that is not his job . funzione
it is actually for that reason that he became impossible in belgium as a minister and was dispatched to a top job in luxembourg . incarico
we would like to express warm thanks to the rapporteur carmen fraga estévez , who has tackled a very difficult job extremely well ! compito
it has failed in its conservation goals , it has failed to maintain jobs and it has also failed largely in the area of international agreements in defending third countries and their stocks and developing their industries . posti
if companies are not competitive , the industry will have no future , jobs will be lost and the economic opportunities of areas dependent on fishing will be destroyed . posti
we would like to see the position of female employees in cases of job discrimination , promotion and remuneration improved . assunzione
in the sainjon report , therefore , the multinationals are re-evaluated as the driving force for prosperity through job-creating investment as well as promoters of the modern job culture , acting as ambassadors and almost de facto social operators in developing countries through their voluntary codes of self-regulation . lavoro
mr president , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are debating hundreds of thousands of jobs sacrificed or threatened in the european union by relocations carried out by firms in the name of competitiveness and lower costs . posti
that is why our group is putting forward other measures , on the one hand to call into question the current process of liberalization and deregulation launched by brussels , on the other hand to establish new rights for wage-earners so that they can safeguard their social gains , defend their jobs and control the use of state aid to companies . lavoro
the trouble is the neo-liberal project of free movement of free capital forces third world and threshold countries in particular into a horrendous competition to attract the investment with maximum tax exemption , the worst job protection and the lowest wages . agguerritissima
those of us who are local councillors living in the day-to-day world of relocation , and the uprooting , the collapse of the structure of areas , the massive job losses , the economic and social destabilization it causes , will not recognize it in this simplistic and naively idyllic report . destabilizzazioni
of course , no company has the right to eternal survival , but why refuse to ask questions about the regulatory provisions which would make it possible to discipline globalization , to check the perversity of a mechanism which does away with jobs in europe without creating a multiplier effect of development in the recipient countries ? posti
it is all the more extraordinary since it is indisputable that this kind of energy production does not only support our aims of reducing greenhouse gases , but would also release enormous resources on the jobs front , quite apart from which it would relieve us to a great extent from our dependence on energy imports from other countries . posti
we talk about jobs in discussing renewable energy sources , also quite right . posti
in this way it makes a positive contribution to the promotion of the overall policy priorities of the union in the sectors of economic and social cohesion , for local and regional development , for economic development more generally and , of course , for the creation of new jobs . posti
on the other hand , when they do make use of freedom of movement , they encounter discrimination in social protection and also discrimination in job opportunities . lavoro
mr president , the best way of protecting social security systems is to create jobs in europe . lavoro
we must clearly seek new ways of providing an adequate level of social protection which will enable and encourage more men and women of working age to gain employment and earn a proper income to enable them to care for their families and undertake lifelong learning as well as holding down jobs . lavoro
as a practical application of this principle , the report calls for the commission 's approach to concentration to take account of the impact of concentration on the intangible factors to which i have just referred , especially employment , thereby enabling the commission to make recommendations about the influence of competition policy on job creation - an issue which all the union 's institutions are currently considering . posti
on the other hand , increased competition should generate economic activity and create jobs . occupazione
a european market in which our businesses can operate freely without obstructions and unfair competition , guarantees growth and new jobs . posti
and the commission should for once home in on practices which quite obviously distort relations between member states attempting to attract inward investment and hence jobs . posti
the first type of discrimination is the wage differential between men and women doing the same job . funzioni
in many of our coastal areas fishing is the dominant economic activity and consequently a source of local jobs and investment in the local economy . posti
my next point is very important - and here i address myself directly to the president of the council , because i know that the subject of jobs is being discussed this week in luxembourg . posti
not only can a reduction in heating , and hence less co2 emissions , be achieved very quickly in almost every european country by the use of heat insulation , but numerous jobs could be created , particularly in small and medium-sized businesses , and the well-being of people can be increased . posti
that alone will lead to new jobs and the preservation of existing jobs in europe . posti
the costs involved are very real , with direct implications for jobs , consumers and electricity generation . occupazione
i heartily agree with the comments which mrs granitz made on the possibility of linking this debate to the question of jobs as well . occupazione
i also believe ( as we have emphasized in our communication ) that a sensibly implemented policy offers some opportunities for jobs and not the opposite , as we sometimes hear , and it is true that there are still some unused opportunities in working with industry . posti
to promote such quality education has now become the job of the community . compito
even bearing in mind that there are many jobs in the tobacco industry , on the other hand we must recognize that smoking kills people . posti
where they exist , these analyses do not prove that the overall creation of real jobs is due to the actions financed . posti
the small and medium-sized companies therefore have an outstanding job to do concerning the current problems within the community . posto
mr böge pointed out that jobs in the commission which have long been unfilled apparently cannot be brought flexibly and quickly to where they belong , that is , in directorate-general xxiv . posti
the treaty of amsterdam , on the other hand , represents the will to coordinate national policies , in order to create more jobs . posti
but let us not deceive ourselves : objectives do not create jobs . occupazione
secondly , to give priority to government policies on education and training , so that our young people and long-term unemployed can gain access to the jobs market with proper and effective qualifications . lavoro
thirdly , to reform the member states ' fiscal systems , in favour of job creation . posti
seventh , to increase the role of local authorities in the search for solutions , and to involve the private sector also , encouraging jobs which spring from social solidarity , the voluntary sector , cultural rehabilitation and leisure itself , and the by-products of new sources of work : regional employment plans urgently need to be put into effect . occupazioni
because great successes in the creation of jobs will be thanks not just to labour market policy , but at the same time we need a macro-economic policy which promotes economic growth and does not put brakes on it . posti
we should not always be talking only about the deregulation of job markets , their modernization and restructuring , or about people 's employability . lavoro
we must switch to targets , to reduction of the unemployment rate and redirection to an active job market policy . lavoro
as we all know , the new international law of the sea , enshrining 200 miles as the exclusive zone for the exploitation of fishing resources by coastal states , meant that the community fleet found itself with excess capacity . this has produced a constant demand for reductions in both the ocean-going and the small-scale coastal fleet , resulting in an alarming loss of jobs . posti
to quote just one example , in the case of spain , which has the greatest fishing capacity of any country in the community , nearly 20 % of jobs in this sector have been lost over the last ten years . posti
the loss of jobs in the fisheries sector has in some cases had a dramatic impact , since many of these jobs - especially in small-scale coastal fishing , which is labour-intensive in terms of processing and related jobs ( shipyards , marketing , etc . ) as well as the actual fishing - are located in outlying regions heavily dependent on fisheries , where at present there are few real opportunities for converting to other activities . NULL
therefore - and i am just finishing - the committee on fisheries urges the european commission to draw up a detailed study of employment and working conditions in this sector , and to undertake specific revisions of the directive in relation to the question of jobs . posti
but that would help to create those very jobs which are badly needed in the service sectors . posti
eighteen million unemployed , very different social legislation from one country to another , economic policies that are still too nationalist , a growth rate which is still not sufficient to create true jobs and to curb , let alone reduce , the european scourge of unemployment . posti
the guidelines in these proposals will enable the creation of nearly 12 million jobs by the year 2003 and bring the rate of unemployment down from 10.6 % to 7 % . posti
we need to support female enterprise , and not just with regard to jobs for women . occupazione
this agreement , too , is a missed opportunity to stimulate part-time work , and thereby create new jobs . posti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the employment report for 1997 confirms the worsening of the job market situation in many details . lavoro
a summit which is linked with high expectations , because the commission has announced the ambitious goal of 12 million jobs . posti
in particular , in mr hernández mollar 's report one sees the basis for employment creation and , most importantly of all , employment retention - looking at ways of maintaining jobs as well as creating new ones . posti
secondly , that the small and medium-sized enterprise sector , which has been spoken about by other colleagues , be given freedom to operate and create new jobs and new economic growth within the whole european union . posti
ireland has identified the tourism sector as one area where it is possible to generate economic growth and new job opportunities for our young people . lavoro
would he not think it is more appropriate to extend the derogation for ten years , bearing in mind not just the jobs in the duty free sector but also the fact that you are calling a special conference to boost employment in the european union , whereas , in fact , with one fell swoop you are going to make approximately 13 , 000 people unemployed ? posti
that is not a job for the pope , it is a job for the european union , to put its external relationships , its development relationships to the service of human rights . compito
i should like to know whether the commissioner thinks any of the following are going to be among the selection criteria for these significant areas for objective 2 : high unemployment ; the relative contribution of industry to the economic structure of these areas ; the proportion of jobs which have been lost in the older industrial sectors ; and additional problems such as social exclusion . finally , insofar as these structural problems can be worse in transborder areas , could this be an additional selection criterion for areas for objective 2 ? posti
we will probably have to get used to accepting - at least in this parliament , mr president - that in matters of employment we have lacked a theoretical standard for a long time . we have learnt some lessons from benchmarking , that is , from the comparison of european industry with industry in the united states and japan , who have been gradually depriving us of our market shares in the industrialized countries , and have been doing rather better than us in creating jobs . posti
we know that our infrastructure is weaker , but we also know that the european union can never find enough funds to tackle the infrastructure we need to create jobs . occupazione
despite the growth in jobs for women over the past ten years - and there have been many new jobs - we still have a major gap in the employment rates of men and women and a somewhat lesser one in the unemployment rates . posti
so this says something for the possibilities for a very successful job summit . lavoro
cohesion policies are vital to delivering a citizen 's europe and giving tangible support to regions and communities , to open up access to the opportunities of the single market for jobs and training . lavoro
support for smes and greater inclusion of private initiatives in eu structural and reform policies should be considered important , particularly when this means the creation and / or preservation of jobs , and consequently a reduction in unemployment levels . posti
here europe really is living not just in abstract solidarity , but in the kind of solidarity which matters to individual job seekers . impiego
the ifi jobs impact is estimated at an impressive 27 , 800 . posti
i think he was the right man picked for the job for he has a depth of knowledge of northern ireland . incarico
since its inception , this particular fund has supported more than 3 , 400 individual projects and has helped in the creation of roughly 28 , 000 jobs . posti
feminization of the workplace is the result of growing adaptability in the labour market and the transfer of jobs to the developing countries , where they are being increasingly taken up by women . posti
in continuation , madam president , i wish to thank mr tsatsos - with whom i greatly enjoyed drawing up this report ; and i think that our duo worked extremely well - for his patience with me , as well as thanking the committee on institutional affairs , the secretariat , which did a marvellous job , and all my collaborators . dimitris
madam president , i wish to pay tribute to the good job done by the two excellent rapporteurs , mr méndez de vigo and mr tsatsos . lavoro
as an unfinished job with a lot of loose ends , it is undoubtedly unsatisfactory in a number of other respects , especially - as has also been underlined today - as regards the institutions and foreign policy . indubbiamente
furthermore , we cannot accept the underlying philosophy represented by the enshrinement of the so-called flexible organization of time which , in reality , means that job security becomes precarious and there is a real tendency to treat the workforce as merchandise .  
the jobs and projects helped by this fund build bridges between the old enemies of ireland . NULL
among the various suggestions made by mr hernández molar , i was pleased to note the proposal for territorial employment pacts , his call to the commission to give priority to projects in the peripheral and ultra-peripheral regions designed to create lasting jobs , involving the various social partners in a partnership scheme . posti
i completely agree with him when he emphasizes that growth is a necessary , but no longer sufficient , condition for job creation in europe . posti
i am favourable to a reduction on the tax burden on labour ; but for this measure to be effective , it should not translate into a transfer of taxation to other taxes such as indirect taxes , and in this respect public and social expenditure in general should be reduced , in order not to increase the budget deficit ; -as regards the targets for jobs , it seems to me to be difficult to make a parallel between the criteria for economic convergence and criteria for jobs . occupazione
job creation cannot be quantified in the same way as the reduction of budget deficits . posti
it is of course good that we are studying how to create new jobs in the eu countries , but unfortunately there is no mention of the fact that we must also try to prevent the disappearance of jobs , particularly in the public sector . posti
unfortunately , the eu 's policy , through the goal of economic and monetary union , means that many jobs are being cut in the public sector where many women work . posti
we do not believe this is a way to create more jobs , mainly because , among other things , the industrial structures in the eu countries look very different . lavoro
we would like to thank the rapporteur for a good job on the report . lavoro
it is down to the council to listen , and take this message forward , to give a signal , both to ourselves and to the citizens at the luxembourg summit , to say that they have understood and that they are going to get on with the job . lavoro
lastly - although some people wrongly believe that this a minor issue - the amsterdam treaty deliberately fails to include any reference to tourism , ignoring the fact that , amongst other things , tourism is the biggest source of job creation in the european union . posti
the basis for every society which wants to guarantee people jobs , a good education , a good environment , social justice and solidarity with the people of poor countries , is that its political system is popular and democratically legitimate . lavoro
up to 900 , 000 new jobs in the european union are attributable to the functioning of the single european market . posti
and now the commission 's action plan suggests how we can finish the job and move into the ' super league ' of job creation . compito
i believe there is much that we can do to hasten its progress and thus provide jobs . occupazione
indeed , in ireland recently we have created 130 , 000 jobs by our participation in the european activity . posti
first of all there is the matter of pension funds which are not able to invest freely throughout in europe , and in my opinion this means that an enormous job creation capacity is lost , because the restrictions for the pension funds and the insurers are too great . posti
i think that there is a job for this parliament , to implement the internal market in this area , too . in
i am aware that that is not the job of the commission or of the commissioner , but i should still like to ask if you , as a commissioner , could assume a common european line during all your discussions and efforts . NULL
this is in accordance with the tax reform that the danish government was able to introduce in 1993 , which subsequently created more jobs . posti
i therefore believe that the proposed exchange of experience between officials , which have the difficult job of working in a field in which it is necessary to know how to combine humanitarian considerations with the application of the frigid regulations governing the different aspects of immigration , is very important .  
the odysseus programme for the training of individual national state officials is one important point , because the individual official , such as a fin , must understand the significance of his job to his italian colleague , and vice versa .  
in these cases the individual has very little tangible experience of a fund , whereas a young person who gets some training and , as a result of that training gets a job , can see that some benefit has resulted from the european social fund . lavoro
the second situation is the financial deficit with regard to audiovisual cultural exchanges between the european union and the united states , which now amounts to 6 billion dollars to the detriment of the european union , and unfortunately , represents 250 , 000 jobs . posti
at the time of the luxembourg employment summit , at a time when every member state is ashamed of its unemployment level , we politicians , in a position of responsibility , must do everything we can to give the sector the means to let those new jobs , which are often high-tech , come into existence . lavori
i am sure that the commission , like the european parliament , is very receptive to this argument , and aware of this potential source of jobs . posti
cultural industries create jobs , which was proved long ago , so it is sensible to encourage the private sector to invest in them . posti
the cinema is not only a source of jobs it is also the artistic expression of our similarities and differences and is a powerful lever of cultural policy . occupazionale
in this sense , they provide the community fleet with economic alternatives and thereby contribute considerably to maintaining direct and indirect jobs - something which is important when an employment summit is being held in luxembourg , and when we are all endeavouring to gear community policies to job creation . posti
i believe that we , who frequently criticize this sector , should , on the contrary , increasingly support initiatives of this kind , because they demonstrate that this sector also knows its job and , despite the mistakes that it has made in the past , is working to protect resources in the waters of third countries as well as in those of the community .  
agenda 2000 eagerly envisages a second reform of the common agricultural policy , following the 1992 reform , which should be judged not just by improvements in agricultural income , but also by the loss of more than a fifth of the sector 's jobs . posti
a misplaced focus on enlargement , added to the social consequences of the so-called stability pact , and the conditions for nominal convergence , could become a serious obstacle to job creation , both in the member states and in the candidate countries . posti
the commission 's executive , by proposing agenda 2000 has , from this point of view , done a good job , which clearly has to be completed and clarified . lavoro
we believe that the accession of new members to the european union should strengthen rather than undermine the european social model , which should aim for job creation and improvements in working conditions and living standards . posti
the commission has done its job . funzione
the massive difference in prosperity arouses on the one hand justified hopes for a better future , but on the other hand there are fears of declining prosperity and the loss of jobs . posti
it is also accepted and obvious , that cultural and educational policies not only create jobs but also exert a significant influence on the quality of life , the strengthening of community solidarity , of union citizenship and of democracy itself . posti
for example , they must be helped to bring in legislation on job protection and product safety , which must meet eu monitoring requirements . lavoro
mr president , drafting this report has proved to be a difficult job . lavoro
we cannot on sunday talk about jobs and on monday be against eastward enlargement . posti
i believe that eastward enlargement will create jobs on both sides . cogliere
on the imperfections side , there is also an amount of ecu per job created higher than the sum allocated in other member states and quite a low job creation target compared with the exceptional budgetary allocation belgium benefits from . lavoro
what 's more , i find it incomprehensible and unacceptable that underspending is in these objective regions even bigger within the social fund , and this of all things whilst the summit in luxembourg urges for more investment in training and jobs . posti
but the situation regarding to the training of employees in threatened jobs is pitiful , especially in flanders where barely 10 % of resources have been allocated , let alone paid out . disoccupazione
finally , i would like to say something about relocation and extra jobs . posti
the liberal group 's assertion that the european resources would not have served new jobs , is unjust . posti
it would be unheard of if european money was used to snatch jobs from one region to another . posti
it ought to ensure the seriousness and credibility of the projects , notably considered in terms of lasting jobs . posti
so thanks to europe , jobs are stolen from flanders , and are relocated to wallonia . posti
these are not new jobs , and this should not be what is behind european subsidy politics , and for that reason i will obviously not approve the report before us . posti
the first principle is that if we create jobs we must also be sure that they are permanent jobs . posti
if , in certain spheres , and i am thinking of the middle class , subsidies are distributed on a quick , short term basis , i would almost say sprayed from a watering can , then we have to be able to check - and that too is the task of the commission - that these jobs have also contributed to the subsequent stability of a region . posti
it is not my intention to go into the examples already present in belgium , but the attractiveness of a region and the job creation will also depend on how things look in a region . lavoro
madam commissioner , you must consider that it is a question of the credibility of the structural fund if even today we are financing the destruction of jobs . posti
in my view it is unacceptable that certain companies leave objective 2 areas , as happened in the verviers area in the case of boston scientific , wander off into objective 1 areas , making jobs disappear en route and yet still get money for their investment elsewhere in europe ! posti
mr president , when reading the excellent report one may indeed question whether the structural funds reach their objectives , or in any case whether the programmes and the funds which have been laid out have actively created new jobs , and whether structural policy contributes in an enduring way to combating unemployment . posti
the priorities of development strategy must also be based on economic diversification , the promotion of research , the diffusion of new technologies , professional training and job creation . posti
alarmed , particularly by the renault-vilvoorde case and the negative consequences of the subsidy race , the commission intends to draw up guidelines before the end of the year for the assessment of regional aid of the member states for 2000-2006 , and to propose : firstly , generally to lower the upper limit of aid intensity in order to restrict the regions ' scope for outbidding each other ; secondly we are considering how we can link regional and more closely to conditions - for example on the minimum duration of the investment activity and the securing of jobs vilvoorde
the commission has made the raising of the efficiency of the structural fund subsidies since 1995 its prime function and its number one priority the creation and maintenance of jobs , both for its guidelines for the second phase of the 1997-99 programme for the objective 2 areas and for the intermediate evaluation of the objective 1 programmes . posti
i agree with all those here who have said that we must support these activities on the spot and that we must also exert pressure to ensure that the resources are used and not just spent , but above all for top quality projects to create jobs and to improve the attractiveness of the region . posti
if the rapporteur is to be believed , the fault essentially lies with the incompetence of the regional and local authorities , whose methods of operating , heavy and slow , prove , on analysis - notably in hainaut - inadequate and incapable of rivalling , in terms of job creation , other european regions which have less community aid . posti
in all this , we must not overlook some basic principles , and in this respect we also agree with the rapporteur , that both the opportunities for economic growth and its promotion must be taken into account , but on the other hand that the opportunities for employees to retain their jobs , and also to preserve social security must be borne in mind . lavoro
productivity and flexibility should not therefore be overriding goals . instead they must go hand in hand with social security , a guarantee of employees ' rights and the aim of creating more jobs . occupazione
my third point concerns the modernization of job organization . lavoro
the report does not take account in the slightest of the cries of alarm from businessmen , for whom a 35-hour week would mean greater costs , lower productivity , a freeze on investments , a threat to the survival of weaker companies and , ultimately , the danger of job losses . posti
this presupposes an increase in motivation , and associated with that new forms of remuneration , changes to job organization , improvement in qualifications and life-long study . lavoro
organizing the future labour market is a large task , but this report does a good job of covering not only the opportunities but also the risks involved in the new organization of work . scioglilingua
in my opinion attempts at eu level or at national level to intervene in the organization of companies or in another way to limit their freedom of action will be counterproductive , that is , they will not help to create new jobs and increase employment . occupazione
this is no way to encourage the development of new jobs . occupazione
mr commissioner , if you do not succeed in solving this problem , you will not only put countless jobs at risk , but you will also compromise the postal provision we have agreed on in this house . posti
this reserve -i would like to suggest to this house - cannot be sustained in principle any longer since the council gave the commission a clear job last weekend of setting about the spadework for the entry negotiations . mandato
this levy makes it possible to finance a conversion fund , so that workers who change jobs receive compensation which will contribute in large measure to removing their anxiety about the future . lavoro
when members of the european parliament are confronted in their own countries with the tragedy of families hard-hit by unemployment , they cannot be expected to cheerfully accept the disappearance , not only of 28 , 000 jobs , but also of a source of finance which would make it possible to create at least a few alternative jobs . posti
the amounts granted at the end recognize the role of education in enhancing job creation . occupazione
we all seem to be quite smug about this and seem to be wanting to sit back and say what a good job we have done , but we must not be too complacent . lavoro
the solution therefore consists in allocating resources to training , research , the reconversion of industrial activities and , in particular , to small and medium-sized businesses creating stable and permanent jobs . occupazione
that is why any employment initiative worthy of the name should not serve the sectors that are subject to structural change but , on the contrary , be deployed where , structurally , new job opportunities can be created long term . posti
every new business : three new jobs in the european union . posti
similarly , in the first reading , parliament made available the resources for the jobs initiative . occupazione
well , ladies and gentlemen , the rapporteur proposes that at this precise moment , just when the community coal and steel industry has managed to regain its competitiveness against production outside the community , at this very moment , he proposes to maintain a finalist tax which will be used to create jobs outside the sector in which it is to be collected - assuming that a tax can create jobs , which is mere hypothesis . occupazione
the theme of this year 's budget has been job creation . caratterizzato
parliament , the council and the commission have put together a package for job creation . occupazione
i wish too that the jobs we are going to lose in the coal sector - 8 , 700 jobs - were the last that we will lose in the restructuring of the coal industry . posti
be we know , sadly , that these 25 , 0-26 , 000 jobs will not be the last that will have been lost . posti
the unemployed this year and those who lose their jobs in the last years of the ecsc have a right to support , no less than those we have supported in this budget in the past . lavoro
how can we not continue the support of this levy and the job creation schemes in the ecsc report when we are supporting a job creation package elsewhere in our budget ? posti
we have increased the research grants , we have increased the funds for education , and we are trying to support those that are efficient to create new jobs . occupazione
we know we cannot create new jobs through spending alone . posti
i also hope that in future the structural funds are used more in those regions of europe with high unemployment rates , and in concrete actions to create jobs , mainly in those sectors where the demand has still not been consolidated , but which constitute future sources of employment . posti
they are often illiterate and uneducated and are directly recruited from small towns and villages with the promise of a lavish or well-paid job in europe . reclutate
since it is often the small and medium-sized businesses who operate in a very innovative way and thereby create new jobs , it seemed important to us to offer a special type of support where the actual development does not quite fit exactly into one of the programmes . lavoro
we are united in one point : only research and innovation , as the basis for the development of quality products , can guarantee jobs on our continent . occupazione
for this reason , a study should also be planned for the issues of job protection and health and safety at work . lavoro
i am also pleased , of course , with the commission 's decision to no longer set any age limits in its job advertisements . inserzioni
public services have the possibility , if we continue to use them positively , to nurture new dynamic , environmentfriendly industries and build new sectors of the mixed economy , which will generate new jobs . posti
mr president , i know it is very late , but i would not be doing my job properly if i did not take up mr hoppenstedt 's question . svolgerei
the european council remained vague on this and it is still not clear how we can realistically provide aid to the countries of eastern and central europe , at the same time as aiding our own disadvantaged regions , preserving our common policies and promoting the creation of jobs . posti
mr president-in-office of the council , you have done a good job , and you are not responsible for the hesitations of the fourteen other governments . lavoro
the president-in-office has done a fine job and his example must be taken forward and replicated . lavoro
coordination should enable the consistency of national economic policies to be checked ; in the luxembourg conclusions , we read that not only the risky budget situations but also the other developments which , if they remained , would risk calling into question the stability , competitiveness and future of the creation of jobs should be duly indicated . posti
consequently , if it wants to create jobs , the european union must put in place an ecological tax reform including , in particular , taxation of emissions and of energy consumption . posti
research into and development of the sustainable sources of energy of the future could create jobs opportunities and should be the way in which european society prepares to enter the 21st century . ' posti
in view of industry and jobs in europe , there is no doubt that the council 's seventh directive on aid to the shipbuilding industry should be prolonged until the us ratifies the treaty on normal competitive conditions within the shipbuilding and ship repair industry . NULL
however , the prices of these services must always cover the overheads , because otherwise the door is open for wild and unrestricted competition , which will then have negative consequences for the job market . lavoro
retraining and further education , training and jobs will be made possible for young people under 25 within six months , and for the long-term unemployed within one year . entro
i believe the job of the presidency-in-office of the council is to unite wills , forge agreements and make sure , in short , that the european union moves forward . compito
we must ensure that resources targeted at unemployment and social inequality are not reduced , and that they be used more efficiently in the future , especially in the creation of new jobs . lavoro
the last field : i would like to ask the commission , although it is clearly not guilty here , and although the council has again refused to support tourism , to consider in the next year how it can carry out a subsidiary , accompanying support for tourism on the basis of existing policies and programmes , because tourism ensures and creates more jobs and economic growth in the community than the whole of agriculture . posti
the council shares mr collin 's opinion that rural tourism offers possibilities which , judiciously exploited , are of a nature which will increase well-being and create jobs in these areas . occupazione
there is the fear that olive oil producers will lose interest in the quality of the product and in improving it , and that they will be unconcerned with quantity or will abandon olive cultivation for good , resulting in a significant loss of jobs and incomes . occupazione
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , if it is true that the com for olive oil has worked more or less well over the last few years and has enabled the maintenance of a large number of business operations and thus jobs , in spite of the competition from other vegetable oils , it is nevertheless necessary to embark on a reform of the sector . posti
so in amsterdam we are creating jobs and in cadiz we are creating unemployment . occupazione
aid per tree , as proposed by the commission , not only does not protect basic production , but also entails the loss of jobs and the downgrading of the product . lavoro
a possible trade war would jeopardise tens of thousands of jobs , which clearly conflicts with the aims of union employment policy . posti
mr paasio , whom i wish to thank , has done a good job , by managing to get the entire committee on development to agree to his amendments which , with the addition of amendment 9 , will receive the full support of the group of the party of european socialists . lavoro
for example , the fact that the commission is slow in replying makes the job of the ngos more difficult , and even prevents work being done . lavoro
we cannot have the ngos doing the commission 's job just because the commission is unable to . lavoro
for me , the most important have been the convening of the jobs summit and the agreement on the enlargement process . occupazione
the absurdity of commission dogma in pursuing its economic goals at any price has been recent demonstrated by its could not-careless attitude to the thousands of jobs which are under threat in the duty-free trade . posti
that would result in job losses in those regions , which have one of the union 's highest rates of unemployment . posti
on behalf of the basque national party , i should like to express our support for the producers , especially in andalusia , where olives provide fifty per cent of agricultural jobs . manodopera
we therefore support this proposal for subsidies for actual production , because it will create more jobs , it supports the less favoured regions of the european union and it will produce less fraud than the tree subsidy system , which is not transparent enough . posti
in his next proposal he should include the question of whether he is going to destroy jobs , because if there is one thing that has been made clear today , it is that we will not approve any proposal that destroys jobs . posti
it provides more than 300 , 000 full-time jobs in the primary sector and in processing , and contributes to the protection of the environment and to the fight against desertification and depopulation . posti
we therefore have many reasons for getting down to the job at hand . lavoro
this is an immense challenge , when we consider that , for example , the number of car / kilometres is predicted to rise in the european union by as much as 60 % by the year 2010 ; we therefore have a big job on our hands . compito
i am totally convinced that new technology can improve people 's quality of life and create new jobs . posti
i personally noticed a contradiction between delegates from the mid-west who defended the old industries and the delegates from california , who like us , believed that the utilization of new technologies is a source of progress and new jobs . occupazione
this means that in europe profits and even jobs , let us be honest , are linked with the death of innocent people in africa . posti
it is also important to distinguish whether this involves the equipping of police units , whose job is to protect the unarmed civilian population , or what the details of this report actually are . inerme
the european union has a big job to do here . compito
authorities want to know which labour market policy offers the best guarantees for more jobs , and entrepreneurs for their part want to learn how foreign competitors manage to increase their market share . posti
it is only because the costs of the actions are charged to the general community budget that the job of administering them lies with the commission , as provided by article j11 of the union treaty . compito
they are community clubs and there are also jobs at stake as well . posti
the rail transport sector has already lost 500 , 000 jobs in europe since 1985 . posti
our group will continue to relay constantly these demands , which highlight the urgent need to come up with a transport policy based on the development of public services and on cooperation , which encourages a quality rail transport system , accessible to the greatest number , and which respects the environment and creates jobs . posti
firstly , restructuring is necessary for the survival of the railways and the preservation of jobs . posti
secondly , retraining of personnel for the new jobs being provided by the new railway companies . posti
we also have to face the social issue , otherwise it risks being faced alone , because if the railway system is no longer competitive , we will no longer be able to guarantee jobs for those currently employed on the railways . occupazione
he contrasts the position in the united states and the european union in terms of jobs , spin-offs and the development of a scientific culture . occupazione
the sector has been growing by 10 % each year , and contributes to the creation of jobs . posti
will he make a personal statement today or will president santer inform the house why it is important at this time of great unemployment in europe that commissioners should hold two jobs ? lavori
our job as a european parliament , your job as a commission and the job of the council is to make sure that between now and 1 january 1999 , and particularly 2002 , the citizens accept and welcome all the work that we have done and the creation of that single currency . compito
however , we must not lose sight of the fact that our effort to promote and secure the euro as an international currency and to ensure its stability on international markets is being carried out in the context of the implementation of austerity programmes , strict monetary discipline , the dictates of the stability pact and , finally , in the context of total upheaval in the jobs market and the dwindling of workers ' security and social rights . lavoro
if you consider that between 1985 and 1995 the dollar led to the loss of some 1.3 million jobs in europe , according to a study by the austrian institute of economic research , then you will appreciate just how important a single currency is for us . posti
in ten years , the sector has lost 500 , 000 jobs . posti
to accept the principle of liberalization , as set out in this report , would only increase job losses . razionalizzazione
when you read that since 1985 , 500 , 000 jobs have been lost in the railways , and that the intention is to eliminate still more jobs , i think we have reached a point where the railways , till now a very dependable means of transportation , see their safety put at risk . posti
our economy , our environment and the jobs of our railway and transport workers can all benefit if we act now to ensure the viability of rail freight business . merci
on this point , the claims which were so enthusiastically made at the time of maastricht , when we heard promises of millions of jobs , are being prudently watered down . posti
in an era of multinational companies , workers should also be able to communicate , to promote their ideas about education and training , social protection and healthy jobs . posti
just try converting that into jobs ! posti
on both sides of the atlantic these investments are worth 3 million jobs . posti
the second point is that food production , and above all production of high and superior quality food , is all about jobs - not just in agriculture , but also in retailing . occupazione
we shall be jointly fixing a number of concrete objectives at the european level , for example that within five years , there should not be any young person who , after six months of leaving a university or school system , is out of a job . disoccupato
this is another example which tends to show that there is no incompatibility between a balanced budget , growth and job creation . occupazione
therefore , we have a lot of work to do before then , and you can of course rest assured , mrs izquierdo rojo , that we are going to pay a great deal of attention to what cultural activity means - including , obviously , the world of music - and to what extent it can contribute to job creation . occupazione
this week we are discussing employment and job migration . posti
to achieve this we need a regulative framework which , by guaranteeing universal employment , is capable of ensuring a fair system of access and job costing , and is able to adapt this concept of universal employment to meet changing technological and social conditions . adattino
to this effect we require practical assistance , which includes not only investment in infrastructure but also the provision of education and training schemes to enable people to obtain the necessary job qualifications . qualificazione
in order to reduce the technology gap which exists between the core and the peripheral regions of the eu we need to offer companies incentives to provide up-to-date job opportunities even in the less well developed areas . dotazioni
this is by no means only a question of investment aid , but can also include the organization of a demand market or the provision of public access to modern information networks , which have already been called for here , in schools , libraries , town halls and job centres - as our irisi project demonstrates . lavoro
mr president , it is stated in the minutes that over the last ten years the us dollar has been devalued by 50 % , causing the loss of 18 million jobs . posti
in fact only 1.3 million jobs have been lost . posti
three issues are of paramount concern to the people of europe : employment , jobs and crime and the environment . occupazione
colleagues in my group will deal with that agenda - jobs , drugs , the environment , the foreign affairs agenda , in detail during the course of the debate today . occupazione
that really would help to solve the problems of small businesses and we should look to the very small businesses where real jobs can be created in great numbers . posti
also at the top of the agenda is job creation and if there is any issue weighing heavy on the people of europe it is surely the fact that there are over 18 million people unemployed throughout the union . posti
conservatives largely agree with the government 's priorities for the presidency : enlargement , jobs , cleaning up the environment and the fight against crime . occupazione
britain 's record on jobs is far better than the european average . occupazione
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as an austrian - and indeed my country will be the successor of the british presidency - i thank you mr president-in-office of the council for your clear statements , for a people 's europe , a europe which wants to draw nearer to its people and citizens and a europe which treats jobs and the environment as priority issues . lavoro
could he explain to us , perhaps when he replies to the debate , what more can be done during the british presidency , given that we are going to have emu within a matter of months now , to ensure that the goals of emu are compatible with the goals of creating more jobs within the european union . posti
social urgency which will play a part , when we are discussing the third phase of emu , when we are discussing accession negotiations , when we are discussing taxes and especially when we are discussing employment , which should not merely be training , but also giving people jobs through transeuropean networks , community services , environmental investments , and so on . lavoro
( applause ) also high on our priority will be the issue of jobs , which many of those who contributed to the debate also highlighted . occupazione
how well are we investing and using the extra money that was found at luxembourg to create job opportunities ? occupazione
( applause ) millions of our people in europe are dependent for their jobs on their exports to the rest of the world . dipendono
the ten million jobs affected , in more than 400 european businesses covering nearly 20 different sectors of economic activity , are physically able to adapt to lower emission standards than those currently acceptable . posti
people who gain access to training are much more likely to be employed , to be in professional or managerial jobs , to be younger and more highly qualified , to be northern europeans and to work for larger companies . nordeuropei
there is , without doubt , clear recognition by the european union , member states and the social partners of the need for greater access to education and training for adults in order to increase employability , job security , flexibility and competitiveness . lavoro
in future training at eu level should not be considered in isolation from other employment related issues such as work organization and job creation . posti
they must be encouraged to do so , since there is considerable agreement between them on the need for progress and the luxembourg job summit has provided them with a further incentive . occupazione
if it is normal to take into account a break in the careers of mothers wishing to return to the job market , the " re-entrants ' as they are called , to use a rather ugly word , then the problem of young women - and this is the point you were open to , mrs cresson - who marry young and have children after having started training , even when they were sometimes about to finish that training , should also be taken into account , since they find themselves totally excluded from all the proposals mentioned precisely lavoro
must we not rather also offer employees with a low level of training opportunities to acquire further training to give them the chance of a longterm job and open up prospects of advancement ? lavoro
member states will develop policies to ensure that every unemployed young person is eventually offered a new start in the form of a job , training , retraining practice or other employability measure before reaching six months of unemployment , and that all adults without work are offered a fresh start before they reach 12 months of unemployment . lavoro
i wonder whether the president-in-office is aware that the british , but cheshire-based , forum of private business estimates that something like £ 20 , 000 million is deprived from small businesses because of the problem of late payment which might otherwise be used in order to develop businesses and thus produce jobs . posti
of course , that is crucially important for job creation throughout the whole of our union . posti
as the rapporteur quite rightly pointed out , there is a need for additional controls , the introduction of social and environmental clauses and greater fairness in competition , but we can also complete the global integration of the economy , commerce and investment , and create jobs - including those making explosives - , by regulating the relationship which exists with private enterprise . posti
and so we welcome the commission 's motion and the amendments introduced by the rapporteur and we keenly ask for its approval by parliament and council , so as to maintain stability in the fishery sector and in this way also stimulate the creation of new jobs . posti
situated in the middle of the indian ocean , in an area where stocks are not over-exploited , an abundant source of tuna and swordfish is to be found , accessible by the local long line fishing method , tradable on the international market , and important , if not vital , in terms of jobs in an area which has been seriously hit by unemployment . occupazione
it is thus a long term job that the committee will take on board but it will carry it out admirably . lavoro
because of its economic significance , and the number of jobs it creates , this is not just another figure but part of the strategic resources which are vital for such support to enable the industry to survive in the outlying regions , which suffer from the highest rates of unemployment in the union and are all areas under objective 1 on account of their low level of income . lavoro
it is a shame , because we have great potential but we are not succeeding in fulfilling it so , we are losing jobs compared to the usa . posti
the information society offers the smes the possibility of creating highly specialized new jobs and reducing unemployment . posti
we must be wary of the pitfalls of training mainly for jobs relating to new technologies and services . sbocchi
many such jobs are of low value and cannot be multiplied indefinitely . moltiplicati
if we do not pay attention to these challenges it will cost jobs in europe . posti
then and only then will new jobs be created . posti
if we want an overview of the whole process of relocation , it should be given a wider definition : relocation takes place whenever the process of international competition results in the creation of a job in an emerging country , and destroys a job in our own . occupazione
in our opinion , a healthy process should on the contrary , create a job in both places at once . occupazione
such relocations often destroy jobs . posti
it would certainly be more appropriate to consider how to make it less attractive to re-import , which destroys so many jobs in our countries . posti
it is also an industry of some political importance , which maintains jobs , which is not negligible these days . posti
the things which matter as far as the expansion is concerned are strengthening basic democratic values , creation of competitive jobs to overcome structural weaknesses in the medium term , encouragement of small and medium-sized companies and improvement of european environmental quality . posti
the present crews in these ships , mr president , will therefore lose their jobs . lavoro
therefore it might be taken as a contradiction that any employer who showed a real interest in promoting a joint enterprise would have no access to community funds since , as in latvia 's case , not only would jobs not be created but they would be destroyed with joint enterprises . posti
the rapporteur has done an excellent job . lavoro
let us remember that tourism is one of the most important industries in the entire european union and creates millions of jobs , in many , many countries around the european union . posti
it is important that we move forward together for the benefit of all our citizens because jobs will be created by growth in the tourism sector . posti
the rapporteurs have done a splendid job but , to my mind , have paid too little attention to negligence on the part of national monitoring bodies . lavoro
we know it can provide more jobs - mention was made of 100 million , but we know there can be still more with more inter-state cooperation and marketing and with longer seasons in some member states . posti
discharge provides a very strong weapon for parliament , but it is very difficult for the job to be done if the information is not before the committee on budgetary control and parliament . compito
an intelligent european tourism policy could well provide new job opportunities like practically no other sector of the economy . lavoro
we have made appropriate funds available to the european court of auditors , as the authority on budgetary control authority , so that it can do a better job in the future . meglio
it is our job to make citizens aware of the many positive aspects of european cooperation , but we must also take existing problems seriously . compito
according to the mid-term evaluation on the spending of the structural funds in ireland , carried out by the economic and social research institute , over 30 , 000 jobs will be created in ireland in the tourism sector between 1994 and 1999 . posti
the future is bright , and the single european currency will bring with it an increased number of tourists , which will mean an increased number of jobs in irish tourism and a healthy industry into the next century . posti
for example , we learned , and i believe that most of us learned , that tourism is the largest industry in europe and one of the most promising fields for the creation of new jobs , and is likely to remain so for decades to come . posti
at a time when the president of the united states , in his state of the nation speech , is announcing an unprecedented increase in public american research efforts , the citizens of europe would find it difficult to understand why the union hesitates to mobilize one of its greatest assets , its intellectual potential and human resources , to the full , in order to strengthen its competitiveness and create jobs . occupazione
i would just like to stress again that mr blak has done an excellent job . lavoro
secondly , we also have a duty to ensure that the working environment and the ability to compete and to get a job within our community is also made available and is as accessible as possible . lavoro
however , it is certainly not our job as members of parliament to protect the automotive industry in its efforts to produce cars despite the impact on the market and the health of our population . compito
to avoid any misunderstandings , i have nothing against large international companies or anyone else making big profits , but it is our job to look after our population 's health , and it is also one of the community 's declared objectives . compito
i suggest to mrs jackson that if she is really doing her job as rapporteur , all she has to do is to ask for the commissioner 's speaking note . compito
we must remember that the only reason the unscom regime and the sanctions to enforce it remain in place seven years after the gulf war is because saddam will not dismantle weapons of mass destruction , nor will he allow unscom to do the job it has been mandated to do by the united nations security council . compito
we hope the humanitarian efforts will continue and if it is necessary in the coming days to take further measures , as enjoined by the resolution we are about to adopt , then i believe the house here and the people of europe should stand behind those forces , as i do , whether they are american , british or others , if the time comes - and the time is coming - when we must finish the job we began in 1991 . termine
the application of these amendments runs the risk of having a high cost and bringing with it job losses . lavoro
in my opinion , the council 's common position represents a fair balance between the need for better protection of the environment and safeguarding jobs ; measures which are overly restrictive and expensive risk compromising this . occupazione
i thank the president-in-office for doing a sterling job all day here in parliament . lavoro
i wonder whether this really is a job for the eu . competenza
i do not think that is in line with what most citizens consider to be our job . compito
the problem of the current situation where there is no code which is effective arises when one country says ' we do not believe that arms should be sold to a third country because of the likelihood of internal repression or external aggression , but if we do not sell them somebody else will and it will be trading our jobs for somebody else 's jobs and therefore we should not make the decision initially to block the sale ' . posti
the workpeople in that industry are saying ' why should it be our jobs that are sacrificed if someone else is going to jump in and take the order up in another country ? ' . posti
the effect on jobs of ending intra-european community duty-free is hard to estimate accurately and depends in part on the nature of the successive regime . occupazione
if we abolish duty-free sales , to begin with we would incur costs in the form of 50 000 to 100 000 lost jobs . posti
it should not be the case that europe should try to create new jobs through people getting drunk on a load of ferries . posti
secondly , independent studies are now showing that thousands of jobs will be lost throughout the community . posti
i have been invited to aberdeen airport next monday and i wondered whether the president-in-office could give me advice as to what to say to the people there , or would he like to accompany me to explain to them what is going to happen to their fare structure and to the jobs they fear they will lose ? posti
this meant that there were no large scale job losses , despite a constant drive for more efficiency . licenziamenti
but it is worth giving encouragement to cabin crews , who are a group of employees who work across borders to a very large extent , so that they also have the possibility of changing jobs to another airline in the eu . cabina
of course , companies need to make profits to survive , and many jobs are provided by the biotechnological industries . occupazione
madam president , i would like to add my voice to that of mr martin on behalf of the socialist group , in praising the rapporteur for a very thorough and , on the whole , uncontroversial job on a very important subject . incontrovertibili
the leader ii scheme is a highly successful programme , worth £ 100 million to ireland , at this juncture , in terms of the jobs that it assists in creating in rural ireland . occupazione
the interred ii cross-border programme is similarly an important initiative in terms of the jobs that it creates in border regions . posti
structural fund actions are the key budgetary tool which europe has to tackle unemployment , support job creation and underpin the treaty objective of economic and social cohesion . posti
it will also promote enhanced economic activity which can only be good for the single market because the outcome would be an increased number of jobs . posti
a healthy single market is one which will create jobs and therefore i commend mr crowley 's report to this house . occupazione
i wish this programme would lead to perceptible relief for the medium , small and very small companies , but also for the big ones , thus strengthening their ability to compete and bringing more jobs . occupazione
the rapporteur has done his job well . lavoro
i think this is wrong , but i would not expect the civil servants , whose jobs are involved , to say anything different . posti
they have been deprived of everything : the right to study and to teach , the right to health care , the right to a free and responsible job , the right to respect as individuals , the right to live freely and in peace , even the right to see and breathe freely . lavoro
at the same time it could result in job losses in the labour intensive repair services sector . posti
only minimum standards are being set down , i.e. we will probably be left legally with a patched-up job . puzzle
let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively . lavoro
not only will the euro generate more jobs , it will bring transparency to wages and salaries , which in turn will be improved . posti
obviously , the relative decline that has occurred is a consequence of the emergence of new destinations on other continents , although european tourism has continued to grow in absolute terms with the anticipated creation of 1.85 million new jobs by the year 2007 . posti
in france these small companies , which number 800 000 , are currently the best job creators . lavoro
in the period 1988-1995 , they created 1.75 million jobs throughout the european union . posti
we consider this to be the food safety priority which the community legislator must tackle if he wishes to do a useful job . rendersi
the equilibrium of smes could be seriously destabilized by the introduction of the euro , and clearly that is very worrying since this category of enterprises provides about two-thirds of the jobs in our countries . posti
conversely , the european parliament appears to be so preoccupied with welfare growth and job creation that it believes this can be realized through monetary policy . occupazione
surely voluntary agreements would do the job just as well without a flood of red tape and regulations . e
finally , i should remind the honourable member that the employment guidelines which were adopted at the special job summit in luxembourg last november are constructed around four pillars and one of these is strengthening the policies for equal opportunities . occupazione
bear one thing in mind : it is a treaty obligation , and since the job summit all the prime ministers and the presidents of the 15 member states have signed a personal commitment to advance equal opportunities and to provide specific activities to deal with this . occupazione
i look forward with quite a lot of expectation following the commitments of the job summit . occupazione
given that employment is a priority objective in all the european regions , and that training and new jobs are both absolutely essential , especially for the women who make up 30 % of the unemployed in the valencian community , does the commission think that region should retain its objective 1 status ? posti
indeed we already have evidence that this will lead to job losses not only in the finishing sector but also in increased imports of finished goods at the end of the day . posti
in areas like essex , suffolk , yorkshire and cumbria , substantial job losses through the peace dividend have been suffered in defencerelated industries . suffolk
what assurance can the commissioner give me tonight that areas like these , where they have benefited substantially from a programme tailor-made to defence-industry job cuts and training schemes to help those people who have lost their jobs through the peace dividend , will continue to benefit to the same extent as at the moment ? occupazione
but a problem has arisen which i wonder whether the commissioner would agree to take on board , in whatever changes and variations are to be made in the future , and it is this : in areas like mine where the population is extremely mobile , it has been very difficult under the rules of konver to direct the assistance precisely to the people who have lost their jobs , because many of them have whizzed off to other parts of the country or even abroad to find other employment . lavoro
it is a big job , certainly a difficult job , which we should regard as a challenge ! compito
i had the job two years ago of monitoring how this scheme was operating for the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , and i came to the conclusion that it was a worthwhile scheme and we should continue with it . compito
women continue to hold mainly lower grade and unskilled jobs and to have limited participation in responsible and senior administrative jobs in economic , social and political life . subalterni
tax payers in the european union are going to pay to offer markets , jobs and profits to our north american competitors . posti
the steel workers , coal workers and textile workers experienced it at the cost of losing their jobs and having their lives ruined . posti
the amsterdam summit last year concluded that the competitiveness of european industry provides the foundation for growth , jobs and raising living standards . occupazione
the single market has already increased eu gdp by between 1.1 and 1.5 % , created up to 900 000 more jobs and kept inflation around 1 % lower than would have happened without it . posti
the message of the european union 's competitiveness advisory group in its report ' competitiveness for employment ' is that creating new jobs and lower unemployment is a by-product of globally competitive firms . posti
resisting industrial change is a bad option for jobs . occupazione
we need to promote labour markets that can adapt sufficiently to translate economic success into new jobs . posti
in the united kingdom we are introducing a national minimum wage promoting investment in high-skill jobs and fighting the downward spiral of wages that leads only to the sweatshop and the low value-added economy . posti
indeed , our task is to look for ways of improving the competitiveness of european industry , for increased growth , more jobs and , of course , less unemployment . occupazionale
it was then put to me that freeing-up trade and having liberalization was actually harmful to jobs and the issue was brought up of the possibilities of some form of agreement between the european union and the united states . occupazione
we in the united kingdom , and indeed all member states , place increasing emphasis on the role and importance of smes , particularly their role in job creation which is so important for the whole of europe . posti
frankly , if we are concerned with the competitiveness of the european union and if we are particularly concerned about job creation then we need to ensure that the growth capacity of our economy is expanded . posti
could she set out for us how we can work together both in the public sector and the private sector to boost investment levels in the european union which we hope will then lead to some job creation ? posti
tell me , mr president-in-office of the council , will you really be able to bring yourselves to cut jobs in the less-favoured areas which need them , when tobacco production in the european union represents 25 % of consumption , and when you yourselves say that employment is the number one priority ? occupazione
tell us what you must tell us : that not a single tobacco grower 's job will be lost in the less-favoured regions , because you respect the european union 's highest priority - employment . posti
i have to say to the honourable member that no government in the world can guarantee that there will not be a single job lost in relation to any economic proposal . lavoro
in a recent resolution from this parliament on the com in tobacco , the following aspects were approved by the house : that in a new com in the tobacco sector , policies to promote employment and combat job losses are the highest priority in the european union today ; and that granting aid for tobacco growing solves structural difficulties in the less-favoured regions . posti
could the president-in-office confirm to the house today that the presidency is minded to allow a mandate to the commission to undertake a study of the economic impact and any potential job losses consequent on the current decision that duty-free will cease and excise duties will apply as normal as from 1 july 1999 . posti
perhaps the presidency is not aware but klm , which now operates out of the airport , has announced job losses already consequent on this decision taking place in 15 months ' time . lavoro
i have to say as a matter of general economic theory to miss mcintosh that if there is a retail outlet and a job is lost because that retail outlet no longer exists and there is still a public desire to consume the products through another retail outlet it might mean that an additional job created is somewhere else . lavoro
i should like to ask you , sir , through your good offices , to see whether you could get it put on to the agenda , because this could be a very important sector for the creation of growth , both in employment and economic terms , and would actually stop jobs leaving the european union . posti
the demographic changes taking place will not in themselves resolve the employment problems , but they will have effects on the job market . lavoro
at a time when the young are not coming into the job market in quite the way they did before , it is necessary to start paying attention to the work skills and fitness of older employees in a whole new manner . lavoro
secondly , i share the rapporteur 's concern because in europe many early retirements do not involve replacement contractual arrangements , and i can say this as someone who lives in a region , asturias , which has lost more than 12 000 direct jobs without any hope of these jobs being filled again by young people . lavoro
thirdly , one of the fundamental aspects of facing up to demographic changes is the definitive and constant creation of employment ; without sufficient jobs and without contributions , there will be little chance of meeting the social spending requirements that this demographic change will entail . posti
in particular , we must adopt new approaches to issues relating to this link between age and the job market . lavoro
it is precisely our inability to take into account the age dimension in our concept of jobs and the work place that has led to the growing tendency to lay off older workers in recent years . lavori
however , policies which aim at maintaining the incorporation of ageing workers into the job market cannot be successful if the qualifications and skills of these people are not adapted to the demands of employers ' requirements for workers . coronate
the foundation and the commission should jointly draft a job description . mansionario
in future i believe that the job of the national observatories could be filled by the ministries of the partner countries , so that a larger budget for investments and qualification measures for vocational training would become available . compito
preparing the volunteers linguistically , psychologically and socially , ensuring that they are not exploited , and that they are not taking paid jobs away from local people - all these problems need to be smoothed out . posti
most importantly , the process will give volunteers more confidence and experience to find a job on their return and go some way towards tackling the disaster of youth unemployment . lavoro
it is our job to make that cliché reality . compito
commissioner van miert , we all know you have a difficult job . compito
the commission and mr cunha have both done very good jobs in analysing the results of the final year of the third multiannual guidance programme . lavoro
i would like to thank the rapporteur for doing such a good job on this report . lavoro
is it not our job to represent the citizens of the member states , rather than to pull the wool over their eyes ? compito
finally , i should like to thank the committee on transport and tourism for a constructive job in the handling of the report , but as i have said , i hope the report , through voting , can be changed and improved on . collaborazione
this is a political task and not , in fact , a job for the judiciary . spetta
they have done an excellent job and their reports have been unanimously adopted by the committee on budgetary control . lavoro
i become concerned when i hear people talking about initiatives in the personnel policy aimed at scorning in any way the european civil service with proposals such as that of limiting senior jobs to five years , plus five non-renewable years . incarichi
we in the european parliament have been scraping together money for smes - ecu 150 million this year , 150 million next year and so on - so that these small and medium-sized businesses can create job opportunities . lavoro
this legislative proposal is intended as an initiative for creating more jobs in europe . occupazione
the aim of the proposal was , and is , to adopt a programme which will quickly and easily help create additional jobs in innovative enterprises , and not in the administrative offices of the commission and member states . posti
firstly , the grant should be made to firms offering the hope of providing sustainable jobs , and new jobs to boot . posti
that is why i would like to emphasize the request we are making in our amendments to include education and mentorship . the people concerned deserve top-quality support , whether in the context of entrepreneurship , as was formulated during the employment summit , or else as part of this project , to ensure that the jobs created will last . occupazione
another element i would like to point out is the one expressed in amendment no 11 . the final assessment should devote considerable attention to the quality of job creation , to social protection and trade union rights for example , as well as to the type of job creation . posti
in conclusion , i would like to point out that the link with what we refer to as the third system , the so-called social economy , which may be found in public health or culture , is very important to us in the project . it is my view that there is enormous scope for job creation in this area . posti
for years the institutions of the european union have been stressing the importance of smes in the area of job creation . occupazione
the smaller the business , the more successful it generally is in creating jobs . posti
the criticism which has been expressed , namely that there is no comparative assessment of the performance of previous measures in terms of cost per job created , is sadly justified . lavoro
parliament wants to promote this through the sme guarantee facility and in so doing to create more jobs . posti
our motto must be ' more jobs , less bureaucracy ' . occupazione
this presents us with a great opportunity to send out a very strong message to those people who are putting their own capital at risk that we are willing to act with them as joint partners in creating new enterprises , new jobs and , in particular , new economic wealth . posti
however , women often work in labourintensive service industries , so investment in such companies will lead directly to job creation . lavoro
however , one has to say that once the small business has got over the start-up problem and shown some success in job creation , what happens then ? posti
they are all at fault in driving many of these companies - who have managed to get over the hurdle of getting started and creating jobs - out of business . occupazione
we have not really had a proper evaluation , as one speaker said , of performance in terms of cost per job . lavoro
those are the challenges i think that we have got to face and if we do not face up to those challenges , then i think we will not be doing the job that we are certainly here to do , and we will not achieve in the long term what we hope to achieve in getting the people of europe back to work . occupazione
as all the other speakers before me have said , no doubt all the studies and statistics maintain that the future of european employment depends on small businesses , which in the last ten years have been the only ones able to create most new jobs . posti
the smes have had the highest growth potential and , therefore , the highest potential to create jobs , precisely because they are the best at adapting to market requirements . posti
in particular , i agree with the opinion expressed by the committee on employment and social affairs on the need to give specific priority to business with less than 100 employees , establishing accurately and transparently the real potential for growth of the businesses themselves , that have to create new jobs ; however , these new jobs also have to be permanent . posti
these social angles have great value in themselves , and could lead to numerous jobs , which will not so much affect highly-skilled , as semi- and unskilled workers . posti
my last comment , mr president , is that we must take care that we are not dealing with the phenomenon of the cuckoo in the nest , as when important subsidies are passed on to smes with jobs being not the main , but the secondary concern . posti
that explains why it is so important that this initiative is implemented , and more specifically that jobs are created . posti
smes are the backbone of industry , commerce and the service sectors throughout the union , with one third of all jobs in the private sector within the union in enterprises employing fewer than ten employees . occupati
only by subsequent assessment will it be possible to establish whether or not the aim of the programme , namely to create more jobs , has actually been achieved . posti
but the new aid policy is supposed to create jobs in the eu . posti
in shuffling jobs from one area to another , we would antagonize citizens who perceive this to be unfair - worse still if jobs are moved out of the eu altogether . posti
the european union has an obligation , and this is very rightly addressed by the commission and mr sindal 's report , to put its own house in order : to care first and foremost for the existence , preservation and if possible the strengthening of europe 's shipbuilding industry , to retain jobs and above all , from now on , to secure a better future than before . posti
in areas like my constituency of the highlands and islands , it is often these companies that one looks to for job creation . posti
however , it is the commission 's job to submit a proposal on the basis of objective and traditional criteria . spettava
is the commission aware that the proposed abolition of duty-free sales in 1999 is estimated to result in the loss of 9 000 jobs in kent in the united kingdom , and a total loss of 140 000 jobs across the eu ? posti
does the commissioner agree that a study might be useful for a purpose other than that for which many have been asking it for , namely , to reassure the public that some of the wilder claims of job losses that will result from the loss of dutyfree are in fact perhaps an exaggeration ? posti
an independent study by symonds travers morgan has revealed that the abolition of tax- and duty-free sales will damage an otherwise healthy single market in air transport , causing a 20 % reduction in the number of routes that could otherwise expect the entry of low cost airlines by 2003 , a reduction of 5 million in expected passenger levels , as well as massive job losses . licenziamenti
how can the commission reconcile its professed concern for the competitive participation of low cost carriers within the single market at the same time as it presses forward with legislation which will obviously cripple these carriers , costing approximately 3000 jobs ? posti
moreover , every time a shipbuilding job is destroyed in europe , another one is created in south korea . lavoro
for instance , the increase in the number of jobs in korean shipyards in the last decade is equal to the number of jobs lost in my country 's shipbuilding and repair yards . posti
firstly , in the course of the past five years , every time a job has been lost in the european shipbuilding industry , another job has been created in the korean shipbuilding industry , and our sacrifices have therefore been perfectly useless . lavoro
secondly , tens of thousands of jobs have been destroyed with all that ensues in terms of social difficulties and misery . posti
i would like to return to my initial point which is that i think that , given the difficult material , mr murphy has done an excellent job . eccellente
we have an important job to do here ; let us get on with it . compito
if one day we should criticize the president of the ecb for being overly concerned with a strong euro and ignoring all social considerations , he will merely reply that he is only doing his job . lavoro
but europe and its peoples do demand that we subject the ecb to legitimate , democratic accountability , that we verify that what is done in the name of the independent bank , is done for the people , of the people and is by the people ; that the central objective of price stability leads to the palace of prosperity and jobs , not to the den of deflation and recession . posti
for that reason , the committee on foreign affairs , security and defence policy believes with this report that it should be the weu 's job to coordinate the efforts of the union 's member states in the context of a nato enterprise and under nato 's leadership , a thing that would also stress the efforts to build up the cfsp . compito
there is speculation that jobs will be lost and speculation that jobs will be gained , speculation that consumers will gain overall , speculation that some consumers will lose . posti
from studies that have been carried out in my own country it has been established - not speculated upon - that tens of thousands of jobs will be lost throughout the union , with no alternative source of employment for those people . posti
the president-in-office is quite right to cast doubt on some of the forecasts of job losses , about which i am extremely sceptical . posti
this was first done in sweden , and now there has been a government study which emphasizes exactly what the industry 's studies did previously , namely that this will have an impact on employment in my country , costing around 2 000 jobs . posti
we are seeing high interest rates in the uk , which are having a detrimental effect ; we are seeing an overvalued pound , which is likely to lose a hundred thousand jobs in the uk economy next year . posti
i would draw the attention of the european commission to this question so that , although it is proposed here , it acts as a sort of filter , it carries out a reasonable job - as the european commission usually does - and does away with this reference . compia
i would like to point out once again the role of small and medium-sized enterprises in creating jobs . posti
when we look at the priorities , as far as our group is concerned the main priority is about job creation , about creation of employment ; no matter how we do it , whether it be through infrastructure , whether it be through research and development , whether it be through support for small and medium enterprises . posti
in 1998 , parliament devoted as much money to the acquisition of the ostentatious d3 building in brussels as it did to the famous " jobs ' initiative . occupazione
training and refresher courses are considered to be two of the key instruments for developing adaptability and entrepreneurship and , above all , for enabling young people and women to find jobs . occupazione
mr president , it arises from the minutes and the session news , which record my splendid contribution in which i attacked the british government for its failure to join the single currency , thereby sacrificing 100 000 jobs in britain . posti
as i see it , this is a purely theoretical risk , since appointing the rapporteurs on individual matters is still the job of the main committee . nominare
earlier attempts to address this matter failed because of rapid job changes and because only basic educational qualifications are taken into account , not professional experience or further training , among other things . professionali
eighteen million people out of work , a similar number of people in insecure jobs , a european council on employment , and governments fighting to reduce unemployment in their respective countries , and there are still political leaders who believe that the fight against unemployment is not a priority . precari
we have had a study from a research department of parliament which has caused some of the concern among citizens because , as mr cornelissen said , we do not know how many jobs are at stake . posti
but there are estimates that far more than 40 000 jobs may be lost , and this at a time of enormously high unemployment . posti
we have noticed that there have been several studies carried out , many of them indicating job losses , some of them indicating the exact opposite . posti
i thought our business was about retaining and creating jobs , not putting people out of work . occupazione
there is another question . all those people , including myself , who are committing themselves to the retention of duty- free sales , because of their concern about the imminent job losses with which they are confronted , are working with shock figures provided by the duty-free industry and pressure groups . posti
in my own region in particular i have two airports , manchester airport and blackpool airport , that benefit considerably from duty-free and indeed there are jobs tied up in that . posti
what we need to know is what the impact will be , how many jobs will be lost , and then a decision can be made about what to do . posti
the aim is to safeguard jobs in the area , but there are also environmental reasons for protecting the ferry links . posti
many of those on both sides of the argument are possibly flawed but they have indicated at various times a potential loss of something between 112 000 and 147 000 jobs in the eu , with 90 % of those job losses in a period of two years of the abolition of intra-community duty-free with major impacts on employment in spain , france and the united kingdom . posti
the many thousands of workers who marched in the streets of brussels recently - airport workers , industrial workers , generally from the duty-free industry - should not have to beg for their jobs . lavoro
they are entitled to look to our institutions to protect their jobs . posti
so how does the commissioner reconcile that with just getting rid of all these jobs in one fell swoop ? posti
we are here to do a job and it should be recorded both for the archives and for television just like any other session . lavoro
mr president , i can happily live with this resolution which calls for a study , if only because a study might actually show that some of the wilder allegations of job losses are perhaps greatly exaggerated . posti
we politicians in europe must make political decisions and laws : that is our job . compito
you have supported us on a practical level which makes a difference to people and which is what our eu presidency is about : jobs , crime , education ; but you have also given us a hope and a belief that we can build a future , that if we work collectively in northern ireland we can do so much better than we can as individuals . lavoro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr von wogau , we all know that in the long term only a stable currency can guarantee prosperity and jobs . posti
if these guidelines adopted by the member states complement the objective of price and currency stability set by the central bank , companies will begin to invest again and so create jobs . occupazione
the von wogau report thus invites us to preserve the culture of stability , to engage in institutional dialogue - centred on this parliament - , to coordinate economic policies , to reduce fiscal differences and - more importantly - to do whatever may be necessary to preserve the welfare state , creating jobs and maintaining the social security benefits which are the trademark of the european social model . occupazione
it is that market , the world 's biggest market , which will offer jobs and prosperity for our people and let us never forget we have the market to create the currency for the benefit of the people of europe and not the other way around . lavoro
let us leave it to the heads of state or government to do their job since it is they who must decide . lavoro
the gasòliba report adopts the stance that has virtually become dogma , namely that the euro and the stability pact are essential tools for growth and job creation , and that the obstacles preventing these tools from doing their work are non-labour costs , lack of adaptability on the part of workers , and over-regulation . posti
this will mean in practice that every country must be recommended its own particular policy mix , so that europe as a whole is able to pursue a policy aimed at growth and job creation which does not jeopardize inflation . occupazione
people have memories and while we accept that 2 to 3 % growth will take place , it is not near enough to the 4 % that the us has consistently experienced to create the millions of jobs that it has to . posti
i want to see europe create millions of jobs , too . posti
the purpose of this regulation formula is to tell you that neither by omission nor by mere observance of a ritual abandon will parliament abandon its duty to state its opinion on the competitiveness of a major industry like textiles and clothing , which is of vital importance to the economy and jobs in some member states . occupazione
it has recognized that competitiveness in european industry provides the very foundation for growth , creating jobs and raising living standards for us all . posti
in particular , the council will want to consider five key questions : jobs and training ; the development and dissemination of new products , methods and equipment in the communication and information technologies ; the proper operation of the internal market ; access to the markets of third countries and strict compliance with the rules and disciplines freely accepted under international agreements ; and regional development . occupazione
in addition , there are programmes for training workers to adapt to industrial change , which enable stable jobs to be preserved within the union . impieghi
indeed , every day i hear of job losses in the textile sector in the east midlands which i represent and only last month i learned of another 350 jobs that have gone in a women 's clothing and child wear sector in huthwaite in nottinghamshire . ulteriore
indeed , since 1992 , 100 000 jobs have been lost every year . posti
the crisis in the textiles industry is due essentially to management decisions to relocate and to an increase in imports , which as well as causing job losses have contributed to significant backwardness in the areas of training , research and equipment modernization . lavoro
steps must therefore be taken , at both national and community level , to put a stop to the haemorrhage of jobs and to contribute to the development of the textiles sector . posti
preferential loans for those companies creating jobs should be established , european regulations , in particular the opa , must be reviewed , and clearly at national level , an increase in purchase power would allow for an increase in consumption and would thus be a means of reviving the textile industry . occupazione
the commission 's response to this question is vital , since we are told that hundreds of thousands of jobs are still under threat , in spite of the past loss of more than 600 000 jobs . posti
and under such conditions , strong , clear , specific measures need to be implemented in favour of this sector to reduce the costs which weigh on jobs with a low added value . posti
this would then hit the kind of production in the eu which has a higher processing value than textiles and which will provide more jobs for eu countries in the long term . occupazione
so we must guarantee that we can deliver real skills and real training to people to allow them to get real jobs , not simply massage the figures to take them off the unemployment statistics for a few months . posti
in my country , we train up to 80 % of young people for only eleven careers , so the chances of finding an adequate job are correspondingly low . occupazione
that could be an additional incentive : to train young people to meet precisely this demand and give them the opportunity to find their first job . occupazione
it is our job after all to ensure that europe has effective legislation . compito
but in the case of something that is necessary , that creates jobs , is good for the environment , and contains enormous innovative potential , we simply do nothing ! posti
they know that in calling for this , they are knocking at an open door as far as the european parliament is concerned because , in the mombaur initiative report , in my report on the green paper , we called for a significant build-up - at least 15 % - in renewable energy sources because of our profound conviction that , from the viewpoint of climate policy , from the viewpoint of environmental policy , from the viewpoint of import dependence , with regard to rural areas , and with regard to additional jobs , the european union needs posti
it creates jobs , it fits in with our priority of job creation . posti
i know from the excellent work done by the south midlands renewable energy centre , the only one in the united kingdom , that if we go out with the message that renewable energy helps the environment and helps jobs , we get public support . occupazione
we are assured that the euro will be stable , strong and a creator of jobs and that it will strengthen price stability even more . lavoro
the fact that at least 600 000 jobs have been " scrapped ' in the textiles and clothing sector in less than five years with a massive , continuous redundancy process is causing anguish . abbigliamento
i voted in favour of the proposed resolution on the competitiveness of the textile and clothing industry because , as a member for a country where that industry is of major economic importance , it seems to me that the commission should improve its action plan for the sector , bearing in mind that this is one of the eu 's largest industries , with 2.25 million jobs , mainly occupied by women workers , in a total of over 120 thousand companies . posti
indeed , economic reform is now established as the next big challenge for europe to create employment opportunity for all , making product , labour and capital markets more effective , improving the adaptability of employment markets , ensuring that national education and training systems are more effective , seeking to encourage entrepreneurship , enabling easier access to capital markets for small and medium enterprises , increasing tax efficiency , avoiding harmful tax competition , all to create more growth and jobs . posti
it will be in jobs for people , growth for people , prosperity for people - a people 's europe where everyone has opportunity and everyone has a contribution to make . posti
it is not unlikely that rivalry between the dollar and the euro may arise in europe with the loss of jobs and a decrease in salaries for the sake of false competitiveness . posti
to avoid these dangers , which would be fatal for the construction of europe , the economies of the different member states will have to be guided towards the specific objective of guaranteeing the highest possible growth rate with a view to creating the maximum number of jobs . lavoro
it will only be accepted and valued by our population if it brings not only greater stability , but also more growth and jobs . occupazione
concerns about employment and the need to safeguard jobs are key elements here . dedicarle
the taxation system must be reformed so that european entrepreneurs are encouraged to create jobs . posti
the undignified rush to comply with the maastricht criteria , often achieved by accounting or budgetary sleight of hand , has already had a high cost in terms of jobs . occupazione
hence the importance of the stability pact , since the existence of a healthy and stable economy is dependent on the benefits of the euro being translated into new jobs . lavoro
the benefits go beyond its undeniable economic advantages , beyond its contribution to job creation and beyond the advances which it will undoubtedly bring in the long term in the fiscal field , in the social field and particularly in the decisive area of political union . the existence of a single currency will unquestionably contribute to increasing , among the citizens of the union , that feeling of belonging to a single community , which is essential in order to conclude the work of peace and solidarity designed by the utopian architects of the construction of europe . progettata
in response to the concerns of the people of europe in the face of increasing unemployment , the european authorities predicted the creation of millions of jobs and the publication of a white paper . posti
unemployment has grown in the euro area , and this is particularly true if you consider that the official unemployment figures do not take into consideration all job seekers , nor those " poor wage-earners ' whose number is increasing . lavoro
jobs , in my view , are as important as price stability . posti
however , the restrictions on public spending and the tight ceiling imposed on budgets will deprive the member states of monetary means of helping less competitive areas which lose jobs and investment . posti
the most pious supporters of a federal europe are claiming that economic and monetary union is a miracle cure , boasting about its virtues on every occasion , and often , in the wrong context , happily asserting that the euro will promote even greater economic and social cohesion . they also maintain that it will contribute to the fight against unemployment , while chancellor kohl has clearly stated that " the euro will not create jobs ' . posti
i have letters from trade unions in the uk who support this directive , who fear for job losses if we do not have some kind of directive . posti
research and jobs in this area would simply go elsewhere in the world and the european union would be the loser . occupazione
because in contrast to what the green group is claiming , it is just not true that we want to create jobs through cloning , but through possible applications in the field of gene technology which are ethically undisputed in the view of the majority in this house and , i believe , the majority of european citizens as well . posti
madam president , it cannot be denied that biotechnology can contribute to the progress of humanity in the areas of foodstuffs , the environment , health and lasting development which creates jobs and businesses . occupazione
similarly , let us not set jobs against health . posti
i claim the right - despite the risk that as a non-smoker i shall be denounced as a paid agent of the tobacco lobby - to assert that it is the job of the state to protect consumers , not to patronize them . compito
on the last day , a journalist responsible for leading the debate between delegates from different countries on the subject of measures to be taken to reduce the use of tobacco , solemnly began by reading the list of political victims of the fight against smoking , in other words , the ministers who had lost their jobs and never regained them , because in their countries they had promoted laws to ban advertising or to ban smoking in public places . posto
in a liberal economy , advertising does an important job in providing information , and it is a potent instrument for effective competition . funzione
i recognize the potential that biotechnology has for curing genetic disorders and for creating jobs in europe . posti
while these companies could then assert what are in effect rights of ownership of genetic information in the form of patents , the jobs and possible cures promised by the biotechnology industry are by no means guaranteed as a result . posti
put that sort of money into education for employment promotion and to positively help the people of europe , help our people prepare for new jobs , not just protect old jobs . lavori
thus , over recent years , it has been possible for us monetary policy to make a greater contribution to creating an appropriate and balanced policy mix in the interests of investment , growth and jobs . posti
but in the socialist group we also place great emphasis on full respect for article 105 of the treaty which means that when price stability has been achieved the central bank helps in the broader objectives of the european union , in particular in job creation and growth . posti
thus wim duisenberg has the very best credentials for the post of first president of the european central bank . he will bring his whole life experience to the job . mandato
let us now look to them with confidence , knowing very well that the job that awaits them is not easy operationally or materially speaking ; let us look at their expertise which comes from previous jobs and let us especially look at their autonomy in relation to political interference which would attempt to disrupt the work of the board , as it is clearly written in the treaties . incarico
lastly , we would like to see a rapid solution to the appointment of the new president of the ebrd , the european bank for reconstruction and development , a job vacant for some months now . incarico
since then , parliament has done its job by conducting high quality hearings . dovere
because the ban on advertising in the community will probably destroy thousands of jobs , particularly women 's jobs , in my country especially , to the benefit of multinationals in third countries , i have decided not be a hypocrite , and have voted against it . lavoro
furthermore , i would like to see commissioner flynn show as much enthusiasm and vitality for creating jobs for women as he has shown in this house for the ban on tobacco advertising , which destroy jobs . posti
i wish the commission luck , however , because curbing traffic is no easy job . compito
the rapporteur has done an excellent job , of which i heartily approve . lavoro
mr president , i too would like to thank mr tindemans , and i too consider that he did an extraordinary job , especially given the great resistance that he encountered along the way . lavoro
the luxembourg job summit of 20-21 november welcomed the initiative of the european parliament on the strengthening of budgetary resources earmarked for employment and invited the commission to make formal proposals , for speedy adoption by the council . NULL
the commission has produced a draft paper on risk capital and job creation in the european union , analysing the venture capital market across the european union in comparison with the united states and concluding with an action plan outlining further work required at both member state and european level . posti
if we can unlock this problem for small businesses in the european union , the dividends in terms of jobs and getting our people back to work will be absolutely enormous . posti
it is affecting retailers and petrol stations and is putting people out of jobs in the border areas between northern ireland and the republic of ireland and is causing very serious damage to traders in that particular area . posti
we all know that smes in europe , of which there are approximately sixteen million , are the main vehicles of job creation today and that for the most part they depend on or cooperate with the large companies . posti
mr president , the discovery that , given the same level of growth , the united states creates more jobs than europe , either with a higher or a lower net product , is fundamental . posti
with unemployment of 18 million a direct relationship must be established between competitiveness and job creation . posti
a competitive industry simply creates more jobs . occupazione
in my opinion theoretical arguments about , for example , whether deregulation creates jobs or destroys jobs , are , in view of our experience in telecommunications , for example , quite futile . accapigliarsi
as can be seen from the statistics , today there are essentially two areas in which new jobs are created in europe : the information society in the broad sense of the term , and biotechnology , i.e. two modern fields of technology which , thankfully , are ours once again , after we had lost some time in these areas . posti
a society which can only offer jobs for a particular level of qualification is also not ideal . posti
with regard to the other option - whether or not to reduce wages - it has always been my opinion that it is dangerous to pursue a simple policy of reducing costs , reducing wages or cutting jobs to the point where the very existence of a company is at risk , as in this way it loses the potential that it will need when it recovers , and we see now in european industry that new jobs will be created because competitiveness has increased and better production is now possible . posti
at this point i would like to say to mr wolf - without wanting to touch on a sore point , as i am much too liberal and humane for that - that to increase the price of petrol in germany by dm 5 will of course result in a loss of jobs . lavoro
of course we can introduce changes to our environmental technology but if we drive our energy costs up as high as this , which in environmental terms would be justifiable , we must accept the negative consequences which this has on jobs . occupazione
i have now come to believe that if there is to be any point to such a debate on competitiveness and jobs we must have the courage to set this priority . occupazione
i suspect that in its current form this initiative will be sufficient to achieve a useful harmonization of taxes ; after initial analysis it gives the impression of being a rush job which will not quite hit the mark . affrettata
the sector offers a huge range of opportunities , development potential and jobs . posti
new jobs are certainly being created , but the old ones are disappearing rapidly . posti
new services , therefore , have to be found , which create jobs and an added value component , but which do not eat away at other jobs . lavoro
as far as jobs are concerned there is an unending list of success stories . posti
i would like to say to my irish colleagues that ireland is an example of a country where the use of new opportunities has resulted in a new dynamism in the economy and created jobs . posti
it is easy to see the creation of new jobs in those areas where figures are already available : in 1996 7.4 million were employed in the it industry in the usa . lavoro
in the year from 1995 to 1996 , 230 000 new jobs were created in the it industry . posti
even if the results of analyses are only partly available we can still say that on the whole we have an area in which new jobs exist and where old jobs are also secure , as considerable savings and in particular increases in productivity can be achieved by allowing or cushioning a high wage level and improvements in productivity . posti
we must also consider to what extent it would be possible to use this agreement to achieve even more effective coordination of eu economic policies , because any distortion - such as that which currently exists between economic and monetary union - will be harmful to the european union when it comes to tackling mass unemployment , stimulating investment and creating jobs . posti
in that respect , bearing in mind the importance of the sector to the european economy , to jobs and to internal and intra-european communications , and the fact that air transport plays a vital role in reinforcing economic and social cohesion , by providing rapid transport links between regions and , most particularly , access to peripheral island regions , community legislation has allowed for the possibility of imposing public service obligations and joint operation agreements between airlines to ensure that these transport links are maintained . occupazione
on the contrary , the computer is a real box of tricks and there are now many thousands of people whose only job is to manipulate the computer to suit one supplier or another . compito
these people , with their knowledge and experience , are absolutely made for the job of seed inspection . predestinate
fraudulent payment card transactions are international and therefore a job for interpol . compito
i believe that , as a result , europe can be significantly more competitive on the international stage and that , as a result , there is the opportunity to create many new jobs , but in the process , special status must be accorded to combined heat and power . lavoro
mr president , i would just like to have recorded in the minutes that during our last week in strasbourg the french police did a splendid job of guarding the european parliament , and that they were visibly present in the proximity of the parliament . sorvegliato
we came to the presidency determined that throughout our presidency jobs would be a key theme and a high priority . occupazione
we must provide the opportunity for that creativity and imagination to express itself through entrepreneurship which will bring europe prosperity and jobs . occupazione
twenty million unemployed is not a good record and the record of job creation is also lamentable at european level . lavoro
what we need is the introduction of a common strategy with regard to job creation that should be steered towards a significant reduction in the burden hampering those least qualified in the labour force , the harmonization of vat rates which should be reduced in the case of activities shouldering a substantial share of the wages and welfare costs , and seriously encouraging the development of job creation sectors , such as small and medium-sized enterprises , craftsmen , the liberal professions and ancillary services . posti
deregulation , wage reductions , are supposed to create more jobs and stimulate growth at some point and in some miraculous way . posti
the creation of new jobs by reductions in working hours , a new economic policy , or tax restructuring by means of eco-taxes , none of these is on the agenda . posti
being able to guarantee jobs depends on qualifications and training , and also on educational establishments awarding professional qualifications which meet the demands of the labour market . posti
i also want to emphasize how essential it is to ensure that social dialogue provides the context for updating the organization of work , as regards job stability , lifelong training or the reorganization of working hours . occupazionale
the employment services should adapt to the needs of management and workers . they should also scour the new sources of employment for opportunities to provide jobs for the people desperately looking for work . lavoro
there should be a principle arising from the cardiff summit that the creation of new jobs in the agenda 2000 programme should provide a more important basis than it does now for the granting of assistance by the eu . posti
the situation now is that they have all done their job . compito
jobs are important , but hitherto there has been too much talk , and here i would agree with my colleague wim van velzen , and not enough success . NULL
lastly , mr president , we need to retable the question of investment in the famous trans-european networks which would , we were told at the time , lead directly and , more importantly , indirectly to new jobs throughout europe . posti
many of us in this house believe that , in completing the process of economic and monetary union , it is now very much the job of the european union to turn its attention to economic reform . compiti
while there is far less that government can do to stop people losing their last job , there is a lot more that government should do to help people gain their next job . lavoro
cardiff is a marvellous opportunity to accept the process of monetary union and to begin the important and essential job of economic reform . opera
if we can prove - and we can do so - that environmental policy , higher environmental standards , new environmental standards , developed with the commission , with the european parliament , but also with our partners in industry and the trades unions , that these new policies can create jobs , that is what we have to do . posti
job creation and an investment drive in the region are expected to be the main positive effects of our free trade agreement with south africa , and will be enhanced by a more intense economic cooperation . NULL
the stakes , as the president-in-office of the council reminded us , consist in consolidating the human and democratic progress achieved in that country to contribute to a development generating business and jobs and to promote , through south africa and its extensive influence throughout southern africa , stability , peace and the future development of an entire part of the african continent . occupazione
in the context of up to 50 % unemployment , the impact of those job losses is clearly disastrous . posti
if the eu had been more forthcoming three years ago , this might have been avoided and those jobs saved . posti
millions of jobs in our countries are accounted for by export activity which makes a major contribution to european prosperity . posti
so there is a proposal to decrease the non-wage costs which penalize job creation . posti
they seek a measure of compatibility between the requirements of a balanced budget and monetary stability on the one hand , and the aims of sustainable growth and increased job opportunities on the other . occupazione
but in this assembly i have always expressed the opinion that the arrival of the euro will not affect unemployment , which hits more than 20 million europeans and which is caused partly by relocating companies in countries where manpower is 40 to 50 times cheaper than in europe and partly , which comes back to the same thing , by the immigration of populations from outside europe that expands the ranks of job seekers . disoccupati
i therefore invite the commission to assume a more realistic , rather than an optimistic approach and to exhibit greater courage in its decisions on the most pressing matters to protect the jobs we still have and finally to inspire those young people who no longer believe that they have a promising future . posti
we need not only an upturn in economic activity which exploits unused capacity , but above all a medium-term process of growth which creates new productive capacity and new jobs . posti
finally , with regard to structural policies , your rapporteur approves the commission recommendations , whether they relate to product markets , services , capital or job markets . lavoro
this is why the commission attaches such importance to putting forward recommendations to improve competitiveness , the effectiveness of job markets , goods and services , education and information and to render tax and welfare protection schemes more favourable to employment . lavoro
the businesses and individuals who create the wealth of europe all have to act with restraint and they do not have jobs for life . posti
that is why it is also necessary for the future of the starch industry - because it , too , secures jobs - that the producer premium for potato starch is given to farmers . posti
if objective 1 status was accorded to the midland region , it would develop as a region on the back of the infrastructural improvements such as the portlaoise bypass , so as to attract more investment and create more jobs . posti
i also believe that it is not our job to do the member states ' homework , but rather we should demand for one thing that the member states comply with the regulations and for another that they do their work properly . spetti
we could perhaps say that this is our job , but we must show concern for our colleagues so i would politely ask you to write to the authorities in strasbourg to ask that this waste-incineration plant be closed down immediately , as we have a responsibility towards our colleagues . lavoro
within the highest safety standards , we must encourage and support research and ensure that the industry is not bogged down with so many restrictions that laboratories will move their research out of europe altogether and cause a brain drain and loss of highly trained people and highly skilled jobs . posti
we also know that with the billion ecus of the com , it is quite difficult to guarantee for other sectors an opening for jobs like the one created by tobacco production , which is the most labour-intensive agricultural product grown in what are usually disadvantaged regions . occupazionale
if we want to create jobs at the moment , here we have 400 000 jobs and 130 000 direct producers . occupazione
also , at a time when the eu 's main priority is employment , it would be very inconsistent to fail to take account of a crop like this , which is very labour intensive and provides jobs for women . lavoro
we cannot on the one hand state that we are giving priority to jobs and then , when it comes to making concrete policies , ignore that principle . occupazione
so i think it would be a very good thing if all the proposals relating to this com had to take account of the impact on jobs . occupazionale
mr president , overall i agree with the direction given by the two rapporteurs , whom i thank for the job that they did , and would like to make two brief comments on the two reports - one on wine and the other on tobacco . lavoro
europe 's tobacco-producing regions are among the least developed in the eu , and no new job opportunities have been found as an alternative to the work provided by tobacco growing . occupazionale
i believe that modulation should also take into account new production techniques , but not to the detriment of the important obligation of keeping people employed , given that if the european union spends so much on tobacco , it does so especially because it has a major obligation to maintain jobs in the many regions that have very serious problems of employment . occupazionale
we cannot ignore the enormous destruction of agricultural jobs , especially when our policy formulations make job creation one of the political objectives of the european union . occupazione
he has made it clear that in the past this intervention system led to great disparities and injustices among producers , countries and regions , and that it had a destructive effect on jobs and the quality of food . posti
commissioner fischler , the commission has not learnt any lessons from the 1992 reform , which has increased job losses in agriculture and rural areas , exacerbated inequalities in the distribution of community funds , kept agricultural incomes down to 60 % of the average wage , and caused imbalances in land use . acutizzato
worse still , the commission continues to confine itself to a doctrine of price decreases and productivity races , which threaten jobs , social , environmental and regional stability , and the independence and quality of food . occupazione
we must remember that tobacco , with 135 000 producers and 400 000 seasonal jobs , is a great rural employer . posti
but the tobacco industry provides jobs and incomes for many families , and experience has shown us that prohibitions are useless as they only lead to fraud and increased criminality . lavoro
this does not mean we have to choose between protecting jobs or health ; it means we have to protect health and ensure the redeployment of jobs . occupazione
secondly , the report rejects all the amendments relating to the withdrawal of production aid , thereby defending the principle of community aid for production , jobs and associated activities . it promotes improved quality , greater coherence between supply and demand and , within that framework , proposes to reinforce professional organization and increase the payments for some varieties . occupazione
finally , i share the concern expressed in the report on the consequences of enlargement of the union . i call for appropriate measures to defend the interests of producers , inasmuch as the internal market offers great potential for the development of production and jobs in this sector . occupazione
it is inevitable that within the eu and , to an even greater degree , in the eu applicant states the number of jobs in agriculture will fall as a result of mechanization . occupazione
without alternative jobs in rural areas young people will leave for the cities and many more people will commute daily to towns and cities with all the negative implications for the environment of increased car use on inadequate rural roads . e
food packaging and processing jobs are currently supported by objective 5a grants . occupazione
however , there is an urgent need for additional non-agricultural jobs and small-scale enterprises in rural areas . occupazione
leader programmes have already demonstrated great success in generating additional finance for investment in such jobs . occupazione
we also need to look at what sort of jobs are being provided . occupazione
we need jobs which are based on technology , in particular the use of the internet and isdn technology . occupazione
farmers - men and women alike - fear the loss of their essential material possessions and their jobs . posti
account also needs to be taken of everything to do with land use , the environment , rural tourism , job creation and the improvement and conservation of our rural and cultural heritage . posti
enlargement will surely offer opportunities to our regions but we will want to ensure that the proposals presented by the commission match our objectives and priorities as socialists , namely to continue the delors legacy of promoting jobs , sustainable growth and the competitiveness of our regions and the central objective of economic and social cohesion of the treaty to enable all citizens , regions and member states to participate on an equal footing . occupazione
the focus has to be the creation of permanent jobs locally and the support of local initiative . posti
please do not do my job for me . i have to earn my pay . guadagnarmi
therefore , the commission , which received a considerable number of complaints , as you know , had to do its job , which means it had to investigate these complaints . dovere
please understand that in order to be able to do our job properly from time to time we have to call in experts in a confidential way . compiti
this is the area in which growth is highest and in which jobs are created . occupazione
between 500 000 and 900 000 new jobs could be created , new industrial impulses would be unleashed , new export possibilities would open up , and not least , intensified use of renewable energies represents the answer we need to the finite nature of fossil fuels and the problems of atomic energy sources . 000
jobs will be created through decentralized production and use , promoting integrated development . posti
by supporting research and development in renewable energy we can create hi tech jobs for these regions and so improve conditions for sustainable development . posti
we truly are speaking of matters pertaining to the future here - human health , the conservation of the natural basis of life , careful use of resources , securing supplies and the independence of supplies from possible crisis areas of the world and lastly - of paramount importance to all the members of my party - jobs . posti
the priorities of the current presidency are environment , jobs and crime . posti
as far as the environment and jobs are concerned , renewable energy is extremely relevant - i am not so sure about crime ! posti
reproach has been made in my presence that it is not the european parliament 's job to put forward this sort of initiative . compito
in making the case for further trade expansion and liberalization we must explain clearly to our respective electorates the importance of trade liberalization for promoting growth and creating jobs . posti
the idea was that by liberalizing trade we would overcome the damage caused by protectionism before the war , and this would bring prosperity and jobs . occupazione
the commission has done an excellent job of work though , of course , some additions are necessary , especially concerning the availability and management of resources . NULL
in the broader context , the long running controversy makes the point that greater flexibility is needed in the wto if jobs are to be protected in less well off societies . posti
cracking down on piracy and counterfeiting offences , including intellectual property rights violation , is therefore not only in the interests of the eu , but particularly of ireland , where it will ensure the preservation of jobs in the software industry . posti
it is not that i , by definition , want to defend him , but the commissioner has a very real job to do , and was simply unable to cancel the appointment in bratislava .  
the financial burden must be lowered , especially for smes , through a credit policy favouring productive investment and jobs , rather than placing the burden increasingly on payroll taxes , which jeopardizes welfare systems . occupazione
like the euro , tax harmonization should be a valuable instrument at the service of economic growth and job creation . occupazione
would he agree that in this connection it has done a remarkable job in keeping relative freedom for the people and in trying to save the country , so that , rather than giving them too much advice , we should encourage them in the right direction and not give them the feeling that we are criticizing them ? opera
in conclusion , could the president-in-office indicate the number of jobs he believes will be lost as a result of the abolition of duty-free ? posti
we shall only succeed in creating jobs when we have the political ability and the political courage to reverse that trend . posti
i can well understand our delight at creating jobs in one place , but i do not like the fact that jobs are simply disappearing elsewhere , which means that jobs are not really being created at all and that the union is not making any progress . posti
at the jobs summit last november we agreed guidelines to promote a skilled , trained and adaptable workforce and flexible labour markets responsive to economic change . occupazione
all fifteen member states have submitted national action plans for jobs . occupazione
many of those people are going to be the engines of growth and jobs in the future in the european union . posti
i certainly believe that the creation of jobs and the development of economic growth throughout the european union must be our number one priority . posti
mr president , president blair , like his predecessors serving as presidents-in-office of the council , told us : " jobs must remain the top priority in europe : eighteen million unemployed in europe is far too many ' . occupazione
it is true , the british presidency has done a good job . lavoro
jobs are one area where we can learn from each other and where action is essential to tackle the fundamental problems of social exclusion and long-term unemployment in our countries today . occupazione
it is for this reason that i approve of the rapporteur 's implicit wish to incorporate the objectives of the treaty in the structural funds reform ( on-going development , jobs , support for smes , innovation , the use of new technologies , welfare protection , equal opportunities and the environment ) . occupazione
the development of human resources must play a central role in the european and national strategies to promote jobs . occupazione
the world bank has earmarked some 55 million us dollars for chad and 58 million for cameroon and claims it is creating jobs . posti
4 , 000 jobs in a region where 28 , 000 live off a subsistence economy cannot be real jobs for the region . posti
to conclude , i would also like to express my conviction that the emergence of renewable energy sources and the unfettered deployment of a genuine programme of stable development together constitute a source for jobs of all types and all grades . occupazionali
if renewable energies are used for agricultural and rural development in an environmentally friendly manner , there is great potential for the creation of sustainable jobs as a direct consequence of maximizing the use of our land resource . posti
some member states complain about the low level of irish corporation tax , about the lack of a withholding tax in luxembourg and about the zero social charges ( taxes on jobs ) in denmark . lavoro
high taxes and ' social charges ' destroy jobs . posti
this is actually a mandatory path to follow for all those who , having raised the matter of unemployment and jobs in europe unambiguously , consider it essential to ease employment taxation . occupazione
i am also pleased to note the measures designed to eliminate deductions at source on cross-border payments of interest and dues to companies which create distortions that are harmful to growth and jobs . occupazione
i congratulate the three rapporteurs for doing an excellent job . lavoro
processing , along with marketing and aquaculture , forms a complementary activity and one of diversification for economic activities in the fisheries sector . it creates its own jobs and is capable of absorbing labour surpluses at a time of crisis when we are talking about overcapacity , conversion and adjustment of the community fleet . posti
in the european union the canning industry alone provides some 50 000 direct jobs with 75 000 indirect jobs . posti
given that employment is the focus of all of the union 's policies , these figures are significant ; they are even more so if we add the fact that those jobs are located in peripheral coastal regions where there are few alternatives to fisheries activities . posti
allow me , commissioner fischler , to say that the commission certainly gave a poor example and did a horrible job of managing this matter : news leaks , inferences , rebuttals and postponements too often prevailed over the true merit of the official documents and helped poison the atmosphere somewhat . orribile
it is also a matter of considering olives as a social factor , in other words , in relation to the number of jobs in this sector . lavoro
only if we move in the direction of a regional market will it be possible to resolve the difficulties that we face , despite pumping billions into this sector and still losing jobs . posti
more than 4 million hectares and 465 000 jobs depend on this crop . posti
in my autonomous community alone , andalusia , 14 000 jobs , almost 50 % of all agricultural jobs , depend on this com , which is thus established as a basic element of social and territorial cohesion . posti
nurseries , day centres for adults and the disabled , domiciliary care and neighbourhood services must be a priority , both as sources of employment in the service sector and because they are urgently needed to enable women to reconcile jobs with family commitments . lavoro
indeed , without broad and comprehensive planning , we end up making incomplete choices that never solve the problems of citizens or of the businesses that offer jobs . posti
our job is to improve the lives of consumers , certainly not to chase after the autonomous yearnings of some dreamer , or worse , some profiteer . compito
i hope that the discussions organized within the member states and at union level will make it possible to listen to the needs of the people and of the land and that the final plan will be centred around jobs , as well as the social and environmental aspects . occupazione
of course , ensuring the cohesion and the perspective of such interventions in the city belongs to the national , and chiefly to the municipal , authorities which , in athens , for example , have not done their job , beyond a short-lived push forward for political reasons . dovere
we are , of course , also concerned about jobs in duty-free shops , but firstly , consumer purchases will be moved to other shops where jobs will be created and secondly , governments will be able to lower taxes by raising additional , different tax revenues , or increase their expenditure in order to create new jobs . posti
but right now i simply cannot ignore the fact that there are 18 million unemployed in the european union and that tens of thousands of jobs are being put at risk by abolishing duty-free at airports and on ships , not to mention the effect on the cost of flying . posti
is it not rather contradictory to organize grandiose employment summits , set up action plans to preserve and create jobs , and then simultaneously , by rigidly adhering to principles , jeopardize more jobs than programmes of this kind could ever preserve or create ? posti
i am the joint author of two amendments , the aim of which is to ensure that we do not at least just lock the stable door after the horse has bolted , in other words , after we have destroyed jobs by abolishing duty-free . instead , we intend that a system of sectoral and regional aid should be provided for the regions and sectors that will be hardest hit by the abolition of duty-free . posti
40 000 people in the union and 13 000 in finland will lose their job . 13000
there has been an unscrupulous playing on the fears of their employees for their job futures . duty
a specific study has shown that 1 000 jobs are affected by this european decision and that 2 000 hectares of vineyards will be grubbed . posti
in some regions , such as the nord-pas-de-calais , which already has 20 % unemployment , 3 500 jobs will be lost . posti
but it will cost far more to rehabilitate the credibility of the european institutions and the prime movers within them who deliberately destroy jobs . posti
a cynic might say that the first concrete employment policy measure taken by the community will be the destruction of over 100 000 jobs by abolishing duty-free . posti
i find it absolutely incomprehensible that the council has not reviewed its position given the situation in the job market . lavoro
if he means that seriously , than he should convince his partners that by keeping duty-free , many jobs would be saved . posti
we have heard of cases in which a well-qualified professional person from one member state is denied a job or compelled to accept a lower salary in another member state because his or her qualifications are not recognized as equivalent . lavoro
the rights associated with this must certainly make an essential contribution to a greater european awareness in the same way the plans relating to jobs , and recently the euro , have undoubtedly brought europe closer to the citizen occupazione
however , long-term , subsidyindependent jobs are created primarily by private industry , especially the smes . posti
this is a growing sector in which many new jobs are being created . lavoro
in the second place , the commission is organizing a series of meetings of experts on topics relating to the present and future status of organizations and foundations , among which i would particularly mention relations between the sector and the public authorities , the need for information and better knowledge of the sector , an aspect widely confirmed at the 6th socioeconomic congress held a few days ago , and also the potential of organizations and foundations to create jobs . posti
the commission agrees that the socio-economic dynamic has not yet fully developed as regards the ongoing preservation and creation of jobs or the creation of appropriate services in response to new needs . posti
the trade union organizations suggest a loss of some 140 000 jobs ! posti
a loss of 140 , 000 jobs , increase in airport landing charges , a marked decline in the eu tourist sector due to higher passenger fares , and the devitalization of regional airports are concrete factors which directly injure the community . posti
in 1992 the ministers for finance could not predict what the employment market would be like in 1999 , or else they certainly would not have willingly endangered thousands of jobs by way of making a small cosmetic improvement in the internal market . posti
sustained social and economic development , the strengthening of economic activity , and the creation of jobs take place through social consensus , concertation and active diplomacy . posti
mrs oomen-ruijten 's report rightly emphasises that overcoming conflicts of interest through discussion and social consensus contributes to the strengthening of industry and the economy as a whole , and also to the creation of job opportunities , and that such a consensus is an essential condition for sustainable socio-economic development . lavoro
it has often been said in the house and by the commission that this type of organization could , moreover , constitute an important source of jobs , so as to respond in a flexible and efficient manner to a number of unmet demands . occupazione
for this reason , we must support the proposals to increase european national or regional aid which can help these organizations in promoting jobs in priority sectors such as health or education , provided that the jobs so created are real jobs covered by real work contracts and not just precarious or badly paid jobs which serve only to bring down the unemployment statistics . occupazione
if implemented properly , a different distribution of working time could help to create or to preserve a large number of jobs . posti
that is our job . compito
thus it is proposed in amendment no 49 that even the offer of a job can suffice to justify third-country nationals ' legal claim to immigrate . vacante
it would lead to the possibility of importing cheap labour for low-paid jobs , thereby undermining all our social insurance systems . posti
these people , or their employer , would have to prove that no community citizen or legal resident from a third country could do the job being aspired to by a third-country national seeking admission . lavoro
i would , however , emphasize that textiles represent over 4 % of value added in eu industry and double that for at least one member state , in which , with 8 % of the eu 's industrial jobs , that proportion is over 25 % , a third of its exports being dependent on that sector , whereas another member state , with a very different industrial structure , is simultaneously the biggest exporter and the biggest importer . occupazione
against the backdrop of a global ' production chain ' approach , greater importance is attached to labour-intensive activities , rejecting the inevitability of contracting-out or globalization , which will be all the more relevant inasmuch as the sector represents over 2 million jobs , has lost 600 000 jobs in recent years and , unless something is done about it , we can predict that hundreds of thousand more will be lost . posti
the role of training is highlighted , as is the need to deal with the specific questions of women 's jobs and lack of job security , and even clandestine and child labour , which give the sector a special and highly delicate social relevance . lavoro
we must therefore take prompt measures to slow the galloping job losses in the sector , which has a high proportion of poorly qualified labour and female employees . occupazione
it should be borne in mind that in certain member states , because of the proportion of jobs it provides , the textiles and clothing industry plays a key role in the balance of trade and the economic fabric of some of its regions which depend on the sector . occupazione
since 1990 , as we have already heard , some 600 000 jobs have been lost . posti
lastly , i want to underline the very important point in the ferrer opinion about respecting the eu 's agreements and rules with respect to the textile industry in the area of international trade so as to avoid unfair competition which results in an unfair loss of jobs , all for the lack of an adequate basis to guarantee the necessary continuity in the textile industry in a context of international competitiveness . posti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , everyone acknowledges the predominant position of the textile and clothing industry in the european union , which is important in economic and commercial terms , but also , and above all , in terms of jobs . occupazionali
that is why i am taking the opportunity of the debate on this report to ask the commission to go even further in its proposals , because that way lies the wellbeing of countless businesses , the continuance of a large number of jobs and , ultimately , the survival of individual regions in the union . lavoro
during the period 1990-1996 more than 600 000 jobs were lost and it is anticipated that over the coming years a further 800 000 jobs will go . posti
competition is all very well , but the production base and jobs are being destroyed . occupazione
but to achieve this we need the right facilities ; for example , we need an enhanced adapt programme , or a strategic offensive which would enable us not only to back up restructuring programmes , but also to gain market share and to create new jobs . posti
all of this is part and parcel of a new more general way of approaching the unemployment problem in europe , to the extent that after any lay-off , a paid retraining programme should be instituted that does not land the beneficiary in a " parking lot ' training course , but results in a genuine job opportunity . lavorativi
the fact that more than 600 000 jobs were lost in the industry in the first 7 years of the present decade does not bode well for the industry in the next century . posti
the smes , both as producers of finished products and as suppliers , merit particular attention , not least because of the important role they play in ensuring job stability . posti
there are 120 000 businesses , nearly all of them small or medium-sized , involved in all aspects of the textile and clothing industry , and of over 2 million jobs the majority are occupied by women . posti
the employment situation in this sector is one of those which has most affected the rate of unemployment in europe : between 1990 and 1996 600 000 jobs were lost , 100 000 of them in 1996 alone , and unemployment is expected to progress for the next few years , affecting 800 000 jobs , unless something is done to halt it . posti
mr president , in its communication , the european commission acknowledged that the textile sector has , in recent years , sacrificed a considerable number of jobs . posti
nevertheless , the textile industry still represents a promising sector for the future of europe , as we have seen from the ribeiro report , which not only criticizes the commission 's approach , but also puts forward proposals to halt the massive loss of jobs and make a positive contribution to the future development of the textile sector . posti
neither pressure on wages , nor a reduction of labour costs has prevented continued job dumping and further aggravation of the trade deficit . posti
this is a very important sector for portugal , where it represents 9 % of production and 13 % of all jobs , and we are particularly concerned that it should have registered a 22 % reduction in employment between 1990 and 1995 , higher than for the european union as a whole . occupazione
yet this does not mean there is no future for the sector , because the loss of jobs - which requires readjustment measures - is largely due to ongoing increases in productivity . occupazione
so we are looking at massive layoffs , unequal pay for men and women , a lack of job security , sexual harassment , low pay , undeclared employment , delocalization , and , in other parts of the world , the exploitation of child and female labour , unhealthy working environments , and examples of dubious industrial ethics - in what is called the necessary international division of labour - such as some ' maquilas ' in border areas and free trade zones . lavoro
i say this because the restructuring process will continue , and diversification in the textile regions should guarantee the preservation of jobs in these areas , especially for women . femminile
as regards qualifications , women mainly work in semi-skilled or unskilled jobs . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , colleagues , we are all aware of the fact that textiles and clothing have been synonymous with job losses for more than twenty years . lavoro
although it has already been mentioned , i think we do have to keep in mind that a further 600 000 jobs have been lost in the last six or seven years . posti
as far as the commission is concerned , the economic and financial committee should be a technical instrument which will help to enhance the coordination of economic policies which , i would remind you , are aimed at promoting growth and jobs . occupazione
for example , mr tappin , i would point out that a small road building contractor in ireland that wins small-scale contracts from local authorities would find it absolutely impossible to bid for larger-scale construction projects for major roadways or motorways because it could not afford the investment required for the quantity of equipment needed to complete the job . lavori
this low figure assumes even starker significance when one considers that almost 99 % of european businesses are smes and that 52 % of jobs are still to be found in this sector . posti
to be specific , this concerns the extension of family allowance to partners of the same sex , the possibility of immigration when only one job is on offer and the introduction of electoral rights for third-country nationals in municipal elections which go well beyond the rights currently available to eu citizens . posto
we will be voting in favour of mr sérgio ribeiro 's report , because at least it has the merit of highlighting the importance of the textile industry in terms of the economy and jobs in the european union , especially in the least privileged regions , in view of the challenges they face - dumping , unfair competition , relocations , and so forth - and the blatant inadequacies of the commission in taking appropriate action . occupazione
in other words , it is high time the european union gave precedence to jobs and to the prosperity of europeans before worrying about competitiveness and free trade policy . occupazione
most obvious is the alarming drop in the production level - about 5 % compared with 1990 - with more than 600 000 jobs lost in the period 1990-1996 . in this last year alone , 100 000 jobs have been lost . posti
in order to safeguard businesses and jobs , it will in future be even more important fully to guarantee internal market conditions . posti
this industry , especially in the poorest nations of the eu , suffers from unfair competition , more particularly in the low-paid countries with inadequate welfare protection , located outside of europe , which results in a loss of market share , factory closures , very many job losses , delocalization and a growth in undeclared employment . lavoro
restoring the principle of community preference is the most valuable and effective support the european union could give in the battle for jobs . occupazione
almost daily we receive yet more reports of further job losses in areas where there is little prospect of alternative employment . posti
in a sector defined , both at national level and throughout the eu , by a production chain including fibres , textiles and clothing and also manufacturers and retailers of equipment , employing 2 million people , 75 % of them women , with 120 000 businesses which within a short space of time -from 1996 to the end of this century - may lose over a million jobs , we cannot go on with economic recovery strategies based on closing down companies and doing away with large numbers of jobs . lavoro
what the public wants most of all is that we here should do our job properly and that those we represent should feel that their interests are genuinely protected here . lavoro
' the measures may include alterations to fishing vessels making it possible for them to convert to techniques that are more reliable and selective , in particular for taking the same same species and avoiding those that are being overexploited ; compensation enabling fishermen on board and the owners of vessels to face the economic consequences of having to give up drift-net fishing activities ; schemes to retrain fishermen for jobs in areas other than fishing or to provide them with new skills ; and decommissioning of vessels involved in drift-net fishery ' .  
secondly , the creation of a community network linking all the national centres , with the job of assimilating the data gathered and operating in both directions , from the national centres to the network and vice versa . incaricata
it was much more difficult to obtain a centre whose job is to classify and analyze the data and also to provide an early warning system in order to push through the required measures . incaricato
the conciliation meeting itself was conducted in a most efficient and cooperative manner and the delegations must be given full credit for a job well done . eccellente
i feel it is fundamentally important for the commission to tackle the problem of the huge economic impact of environmental taxes and duties , and also their effect on job creation or suppression and international competitiveness . posti
the single currency will improve the functioning of the internal market and help to safeguard jobs , but it will also give an impetus to market-oriented structural reforms , which are urgently needed in order to guarantee our own competitiveness . posti
it is our job to help and be a source of strength to those people who advocate moving closer to the european union in a meaningful way and who are arguing for a bold but sometimes also painful process of preparation for accession . compito
although as president i should not really be saying this , i shall not conceal my sympathy for many of the european parliament 's ideas about the fifth framework programme , which is of course the springboard for the job concepts and opportunities of tomorrow . occupazione
it points to direct and indirect job opportunities for about 800 000 people , such as the auto-oil programme , the reduction of the petrol and diesel programme ; this is all extremely interesting . occupazione
since austria has the second lowest unemployment rate in the eu , we hope its experience can be used to achieve results , especially to combat youth unemployment and to promote equality between men and women as regards job access . occupazione
this is a highly responsible job , a difficult job , which , if it is done well , can earn great respect . compito
madam president , mr president of the commission , mr president-in-office , people 's expectations of any new presidency are great , especially when a young member of the eu is taking on the job for the first time . rinnovano
you in particular were influential in calling for the employment title to be included in the amsterdam treaty , as a commitment to concern about jobs . posti
the economic boost expected from the euro must be reflected in fresh growth and new jobs , especially for young people . posti
we already know what people in europe expect and we must say it today - jobs , democracy and a fair distribution of wealth . lavoro
madam president , mr president-in-office , shaping economic and monetary union is not a job that can be left until 1 january ; it has to start now . compito
all of that , obviously , should lay the foundations to strengthen and reform eu policies , so as to be able to produce a favourable impact with enlargement , an improvement in people 's living conditions , steady growth and job creation . occupazione
madam president , mr president-in-office , ladies and gentlemen , the number one question for this autumn is how to create jobs . posti
i am convinced - without using any high-brow language which does not suit me - that at the end of the year we will have a considerably higher number of jobs - it may well be more than a million - than a year ago . posti
this is what we should have expressed today and not this report , which is a botched job . mediocre
the environmental sector could bring about the creation of new jobs and thereby contribute to increased employment . posti
moreover , any financing of actions to protect the environment may lead to unfair subsidies for big business , without there being any guarantee that they will have a positive impact on the creation of steady full-time jobs , as demonstrated by the current unreliability of environmental studies which must accompany large-scale works . occupazione
the european central bank will play a key role in creating an economic atmosphere conducive to investment and will therefore play an important role in job creation . posti
it emerges from the experience of many member states that an increase in public and private spending can now contribute to economic growth - the only real way of creating jobs - far more than a strategy of strict reform of a labour market ; nobody knows yet exactly to what extent that could be successful . posti
may i state once again that we will endeavour to put instruments into the hands of member states to help them absorb the impact arising from the loss of certain jobs . posti
she is the first president-in-office i have heard say there will inevitably be job losses because of this decision . posti
i would refer her to the comments of her colleague , the austrian foreign minister , earlier on today in parliament , when he said that job creation would be the top priority of the presidency and that under the amsterdam treaty the eu now had the necessary instruments available via national employment plans in specific and binding areas . posti
the president-in-office has admitted there will be job losses and also that we can put off this decision until such time as there is harmonisation of taxation - particularly excise duty . lavoro
our foreign minister did address the subject of the job creation programme , which will no doubt figure among the top priorities of the austrian presidency . occupazionale
by this i mean in particular that , in future , employment offices should have better facilities with a view to also providing greater transparency for job seekers . lavoro
the new legislative proposals will cover key issues such as the improvement of the right of residence for job seekers and trainees and the reduction of bureaucratic obstacles for all workers . lavoro
at the cardiff summit also , the eures database was presented on the internet so that it is now fully accessible to all citizens who want to consult job offers in all of the member states that are available through it . posti
in order to be able to see at all the development in a sector like ' green jobs ' , it is important to have a reasonable definition of what a ' green job ' actually is . professioni
there are four main areas in which i think the jobs of the future could be , and where a change in the current situation is entirely necessary for the sake of sustainability . occupazione
if we are to make a change and get this stimulus for ' green jobs ' , we must also begin in the agricultural sector , where the union actually has the opportunities and resources to do something . occupazione
we need a better environment , but we also have 20 million people unemployed who need jobs . lavoro
it is a question of creating jobs that decontaminate the air and the water we pollute , that recycle and reuse the waste we produce , and that reforest our felled woods . in addition , research and technology must meanwhile improve the damage to the environment which will , supposedly , also improve our society . posti
the improvement of our environment and quality of life - which has not yet been discussed - should be used as a means to create new jobs and to thus help reduce unemployment . posti
there is no doubt , for example , that the rule that 50 % of the cohesion fund must be applied to the environment has contributed very positively to improving the quality of life in the cohesion states , but it has also increased the amount of environmental investment in the cohesion states , making the link between the role of the environment and job creation more obvious . occupazione
the report raises important questions about how environmental policy can contribute to creating new , meaningful jobs in the eu . posti
political decisions on emission limits , etcetera , have yielded results in the form of investments and therefore jobs . occupazione
we also support the use of those people who , in some regions of the european union , come from industry and who could receive training to allow them to work , in fact , in jobs treating water , treating waste , treating contaminated land and caring for natural areas . suoli
information from eurostat shows that we have around 3.5 million environment-related jobs in the eu today . posti
we also have the modest estimate from the oecd of an annual increase in environment-related jobs of 5.5 % . occupazione
this shows quite clearly that the combination of necessary environmental investments and ' green jobs ' is not only good economics , but also a way to combine underused human resources and overused natural resources . occupazione
since commissioner bjerregaard is here at this late hour , which i really appreciate , i would like to urge the commission to approve as soon as possible sweden 's action plan for employment and ' green jobs ' which has been waiting for approval from the commission since november . professioni
we know that , in the short term , there will be no net creation of jobs on a large scale . posti
today , everyone has realized that it is only by respecting natural resources and using raw materials and energy economically and carefully that jobs can be secured in the long term and thus sustainable development can be introduced . posti
we certainly still have a great deal to do in order to translate into concrete terms the issue of which jobs can be created where , not to create too many jobs by means of repairing the environment , where there is still plenty to be done , but in particular to create jobs where new industries are working on preparing for more environmentally friendly operations and creating the necessary infrastructure . posti
even in the kyoto process , if it is a question of the reduction of emissions , in this area it will also be a question of jobs because due to the thermal insulation alone in buildings which already exist , many states will only be able to achieve half the necessary reduction in emissions . posti
balanced economic growth , environmental protection and job creation are not only mutually compatible ; they are building blocks of long-term development strategy . posti
in connection with climate problems , i can see a number of possibilities in particular for creating jobs in new industries and services , whether it is a question of expanding the application of renewable energy sources , improving energy efficiency in terms of processes , products and buildings , or increased exports to markets beyond the union . posti
in particular , i would like to thank mrs hulthén for the terrific job she has done as rapporteur , and i would also like to thank mr ken collins , chairman of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , for his active participation in the conference on the environment and employment hosted jointly by the european parliament and the commission last year . ken
he has done a splendid job and it has rightly been recognised by parliament . eccellente
his job has , in many ways , brought the citizens of europe closer to us , an aspiration we continually speak about here in parliament . opera
this week we did not vote for the report for submission to the eu commission for regulation of the admittance of thirdcountry nationals into the sovereign territory of the member states because it had been peppered with demands from a majority from the same political camp which would have flooded our labour market , already numbering 18 million unemployed , with hundreds of thousands more job seekers , mainly cheap labour . lavoro
everyone is , in general , agreed that job creation must remain at the forefront of the minds of all political decision-makers . NULL
far from acting as a brake on investments and growth , a carefully thought-out across-the-board policy for environmental protection will in fact make it possible to increase the competitiveness of our businesses , release new added-value and create many additional jobs , at all skill levels . posti
in europe , the number of jobs linked to the environment has , today , reached just over 3.5 million ( source : eurostat ) . posti
in order to ensure growth which accommodates the problematic issue of the environment , it is necessary to confront both the problem of the scarcity of resources and that of the link between jobs and the environment . occupazione
we must find the best possible compromise between the use of natural resources and jobs . occupazione
finally , while it is essential to develop specific professional qualifications corresponding to new job profiles which are specific to the environment sectors , let us not forget that it will be necessary to include the environmental approach in all technical , economic and legal training . professionali
but in reality , tonight , we are debating how we can make european funding programmes intended to create jobs and prosperity effective in achieving these aims ; how and why they are different , as european programmes , from regional support , which has already been adopted in the member states ; how there can be a genuine dialogue between local people in regions across europe , which really does exchange best practice and which lifts quality for us all ; and perhaps most of all , how the wheels of decision-making can be oiled to make the whole posti
indeed , the oecd believes that , in the next few years , the number of jobs related to the environment will probably increase by 5.5 % . lavoro
we also call for transparency and participation and we must always take account of equal opportunities as well as those projects related to the environment ; we desire a balance between job creation and the economic policies which tend to reduce it . posti
a balance must also be found between the budget for infrastructure - which usually creates temporary employment - and the aid for small and medium-sized enterprises , the new " sources ' of employment and the ldeis ( local development and employment initiatives ) , etcetera , which create more permanent jobs . occupazione
the funds must provide services for children and the elderly , in other words , consideration must be given to projects which might promote equal opportunities in terms of women 's access to jobs in comparison to that of men . lavoro
the principles which governed its preparation are all also very interesting : i would like to refer in particular to the principle of additionality which creates synergy between the actions of member states , regional authorities and the european union ; the principle of compatibility with texts , that is to say , treaties , the regulations , but also with the great principles of the union , for example the priorities in terms of the environment , jobs and equal opportunities for men and women ; and finally , the principle of subsidiarity in regional policy which illustrates admirably occupazione
the commission has vast experience and expertise in similar fields and so we should not allow it to bleat to us that there is a job to be done and we must get on with it . lavoro
for the rest , they also help to prepare young people for the mobility needed on a larger european job market . lavoro
this is especially true given all the full-blown announcements at the cardiff summit as to how we want to pursue an active employment policy , focus on european qualifications , facilitate mobility on the european job market and push on with the integration of central and eastern european countries . lavoro
this reduction applies yet again to training policy to be exact , to vocational training more precisely , money is being refused to the weakest on the job market but not to industry-related media programmes . lavoro
finally , since commissioner kinnock is here , i just wish to say that it is nice to see what a splendid job he is doing this morning . lavoro
the commission has the job of making this objective achievable in the next seven years . compito
so i was particularly anxious that a compromise would be reached which saved jobs and this compromise does exactly that . posti
in the first place , in the nine years i have been doing this job , i have never before experienced a conciliation which started at 11 a.m. and finished at 7 or 7.30 p.m. with parliament cooperating . lavoro
in other words , if the future shows that there is a need for this agreement to be modified , for instance by adapting the appropriations and perhaps the time limits so as to enable the european union to do its job more effectively in the very important areas which these initiatives deal with , i am sure that since the system has worked well , everyone will agree to adopt any decisions which will make those actions even more effective . lavoro
i therefore think that it is appropriate today to congratulate parliament 's negotiators , and that applies especially to the two rapporteurs , mr lange and mrs hautala , who have done an excellent job , but there is also good reason to thank mrs fontaine and mr collins for their efforts in the conciliation negotiations . lavoro
the important thing is to understand that all economic activity has an impact on the environment and that the sooner we include the environment in international economic policy , the more we will be able to reduce its cost and preserve its capacity to create jobs . occupazionale
it is a question of highlighting the benefits by demonstrating how the environment can bring new jobs .  
the rapporteur has done an excellent job of recognising this and , in the amendments , at least improves upon these defects . efficace
i would like to thank our rapporteur , who has really done an excellent job . lavoro
two and a half million jobs should be created in europe by 1999 , and this is the result of the economic policies being pursued . posti
increases in premiums would be charged to the insured parties themselves , and the rationalisation measures would threaten jobs . occupazione
although only 3 to 4 % of the capital flow of usd 1300 billion has anything to do with trade in goods and services , these money movements have a huge adverse - or sometimes actually beneficial - effect on national economies , disrupt growth and investment trends and thereby destroy jobs . posti
moreover , prosperity , growth and jobs are becoming increasingly dependent on these markets - that is undeniable . riveste
clearly part of our job is to aid that transformation to an industrial society and aid the transformation to a modern democratic , pluralistic society . compiti
i think that the point about reducing vat on labourintensive jobs is the most far-reaching . manodopera
a more efficient vat system , not to pay fewer taxes but to pay them more effectively , should ultimately help these sectors to create growth and investment , and hence new jobs . after all , unemployment regrettably remains the european union 's number one problem . posti
i would like to hear from the commissioner what the timetable is for these plans and whether this will be one of the first jobs for the vat committee in its new capacity . compiti
they are quite rightly described as the backbone of the european economy , and more specifically as the driving force for creating extra jobs . posti
this is an area where europe is most competitive in creating high-quality , high-tech jobs . posti
smes are the hardest hit by the administrative burden and find it most difficult to gain access to capital , yet they account for the majority of all jobs created . posti
since then , according to the rapporteur , there has been a total of over ecu 170 million in capital investment which has helped to create more than 10 000 jobs . posti
there is a clear lesson : an over-burdened tax wedge spells disaster for job creation and job maintenance . posti
if you add up the figures it mentions you can see that the number of jobs in europe is supposed to have increased by almost twelve million in just one year , which would mean that unemployment had fallen by 65 % ! posti
i do not have time now to go through all the benefits i have listed on previous occasions , so i will confine myself to pointing out that smes continue to make an unmatched contribution to job creation , with 7 million new jobs created between 1995 and 1996 , as compared to 4.8 million created by large firms . occupazione
the second contradiction is that , whereas female employment is increasing , the increase is primarily in part-time , insecure and fixed-term jobs . lavoro
jobs lasting a few hours and a few days a year boost female employment , but social protection is reduced . lavori
all these contradictions - at a time when women are furthermore suffering , as mothers and wives , the effects of the substantial difficulties being encountered by young people trying to enter the world of work , or the tragedy of husbands losing their jobs - convinced us of the need to bring this issue back into the spotlight . occupazione
der spiegel 's survey of the labour market shows that on average women are 30 % more affected by unemployment , not to mention the fact that in some regions of the union female unemployment is twice as high as the overall rate , more women are being pushed out of the labour market , women are forced into insecure , unprotected jobs ( so-called atypical work ) and , in spite of their qualifications , they are disadvantaged when it comes to career advancement . progressioni
of course it is unacceptable that women , who happily by now make up the majority at universities , should suffer more from unemployment than their male counterparts and should be over-qualified for many jobs . laureate
they are not looking for jobs for life , they are happy to diversify , they operate through agencies and work flexible hours . lavoro
the rapporteur presents a series of very important proposals designed to facilitate a more accurate evaluation of economic activity by women , and measures to be implemented by the commission and the member states in order to give women easier access to the workplace and improve the quality of their jobs . posti
part-time or occasional work may allow women to care for their children , but it must be recognised that such jobs are very often an enforced and necessary choice to which women object . occupazionali
but it is not only a matter of education , given that in countries of the south , such as greece , spain and italy , women that have attained university-level education occupy half as many jobs as men with the same level of education . laureate
i think that the proposals put forward by mrs marinucci are highly appropriate given that they are aimed at eradicating inequalities in pay , jobs and life in general . occupazione
social development demands it and , of course , women too have the right to be in the job market just as much as men have . lavoro
in a country like spain , where the rate of unemployment is very high , women are finding it extremely difficult to find a job . lavoro
all these facilities are of course costly for the member states , especially at a time of recession , but we must safeguard the right of women to have a job , without this standing in the way of their right to have children , because in a society where the birth-rate is falling children benefit us all . lavoro
women now occupy the majority of part-time jobs : 83 % . impieghi
let us not forget that the greatest service we can offer women , young or old , who are looking for jobs or hoping to play a part in the economy , is if we diversify their job options and offer them sound training ; we can also help them to face competition on the labour market by eliminating all direct and indirect discrimination and by taking positive action , as and when required , in order to guarantee them equal opportunities . occupazione
the various stages of a woman 's life call for different solutions in the link between her job and her family . lavorativa
this policy will not help to create new jobs but , on the contrary , will be another step backwards for women and the effect will be to reduce the role of women to that of an assisted person and saddle them with an inferior status . posti
setting some minimum standards for the time allowed for payments to be made to smes and to allow debt collection agencies to do their job across the eu as the author of this report calls for are a sign that we as politicians are prepared to help the ' davids ' of the business world to get fair treatment from the ' goliaths ' . golia
all of us here know that the only companies creating jobs are small and medium-sized undertakings , yet the commission penalises their development and as a result penalises the creation and development of employment . occupazione
the text says nothing at all about the risks which this crisis might pose for certain industrial or banking sectors in europe and therefore fails to consider the necessary support and adjustment measures which could be useful for protecting jobs in different sectors . occupazione
they play a leading role in economic growth in europe and are one of the main sources of job creation , which is highly significant in view of the current situation in the union where we have 20 million unemployed . posti
and we should not forget that at the 1997 luxembourg jobs summit the heads of state or government set themselves the task of improving this intolerable situation . posti
the importance of these companies in the eu is also highlighted by the fact that , firstly , they react quickly to market developments and are thus particularly useful in promoting new technologies , and , secondly , they can concentrate on economic niches and thus increase europe 's competitiveness by creating highly-skilled technology-related jobs . posti
today , women hold the majority - 83 % - of these jobs . lavoro
however , eurostat statistics show that many women with part-time jobs would prefer to have a full-time job , and that the benefits often mean they have to work late hours or during weekends . this penalises women in their attempt to reconcile their job and their family and contradicts this idyllic view . lavoro
the reorganisation of working time has led to a considerable increase in the number of precarious or atypical forms of employment : part-time jobs , temporary work or agency work . it has also led to a reduction in social protection and to a deterioration in the quality of life of many women . lavoro
there are very few part-time jobs in industry and very few posts with responsibility ; in addition , part-time work is limited to low-skilled jobs and is linked to very specific sectors . lavoro
moreover , part-time workers can only rarely invest in training due to the demands of the working hours involved in part-time jobs . lavoro
the rapporteur believes that if we have to encourage part-time work in today 's labour market , it is essential that it be extended to skilled jobs , that men be encouraged to take up part-time work , and that training and social security cover be made available to all part-time workers . lavori
1.breakdown of part-time jobs by sex and age ; 2. reasons why part-time work is chosen by companies and in national policies ; 3. hourly pay for part-time work ; 4. levels of segregation by profession for part-time work in comparison with full-time work ; 5. skills required for part-time jobs ; 6. relation between part-time work and poverty ; 7. effects of part-time work on pensions and other replacement incomes ; 8. effect on income throughout working life ; 9. access to early retirement.this information would provide us with accurate statistics on the extent to which part-time work discriminates suddivisione
because of their flexible and intangible nature - and because of the urgent demands of the service sector , in particular social and public health services - the cooperatives can convert jobs that were traditionally done by women alone and which afforded them no social status or financial remuneration , into paid business ventures . lavori
in its 1993 white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , the european union defined a job creation strategy and recommended an active labour market policy . posti
the european commission considers domestic services to be an area in which a high number of jobs could be created . posti
she has stressed the important role that cooperatives and the social economy in general play and will continue to play in job creation and in promoting equal opportunities . posti
the social economy will enable us to tackle a number of tomorrow 's economic and social challenges and will create new jobs that are very often more secure and longer lasting , with better social and working conditions , whilst generating profits that are redistributed and reinvested . posti
this debate follows on from the excellent reports by our colleagues mrs marinucci and mrs colombo svevo , who have clearly outlined the situation of women in relation to employment , the difficulties they face in terms of training , the lack of an affordable childcare infrastructure , discrimination in gaining access to jobs and the need for partners to fulfil their responsibilities as regards childcare and housework . lavoro
for this reason single-parent families need specific help and attention as well as the support of governments in general , even though some of these women might have found jobs . lavoro
unfortunately , more often than not , the jobs are poorly paid and insecure . lavoro
madam president , i should like to congratulate the house on the completely unfathomable decision it took yesterday evening on the scarbonchi report to increase the number of jobs by 12 million from 1995 to 1996 . posti
europol can only do a proper job if it is able to analyse , as well as exchange information , on drug trafficking . bene
because , with the powers we are conferring upon them , the central bankers should understand that their job is to make sacrifices on behalf of the public and not on behalf of speculators , as they have unfortunately been doing until now . dovere
in order to adapt to this , undertakings must therefore cut their costs , leading to a reduction in pay , social protection and jobs . posti
the part which seems to give offence is as follows : ' notes the shortcomings in the quality of legal advice provided by the internal legal service of this institution , as identified by its rapporteur and as reflected in cases lost in national courts , in the european court of justice and in the court of first instance ; asks its secretary-general to commission a study into the effectiveness of the results of the legal service 's advice over the past ten years . calls on its secretary-general to provide the committee on budgetary control with comprehensive job descriptions mansioni
the government justifies this restriction ( laid down by law in 1960 ) on the grounds that , inter alia , ' the job of the captain of an aeroplane includes duties of a kind that would normally be carried out by a civil servant ' . comandante
these would include such jobs as police officer , judge or state minister , together with certain top executive posts in the public administration . professioni
do you not agree with me , commissioner , that this is a very serious and unhappy affair , since in reality it concerns a large number of young people in europe who have applied for jobs in the eu ? posto
but , mr papoutsis , what happens is that the spanish government reaches an agreement with the social partners on cutting jobs and cutting production . posti
yet i am sure everyone would agree that a system of quality control and best practice will be essential to ensure that the public bodies are doing their job . dispersa
he has done an outstanding job and put in a great deal of hard work . lavoro
the commission 's report likewise recognises the importance of tourism , both from the point of view of protecting and promoting our countryside , history and culture , and from that of economic expansion and job opportunities . and yet , at european level , we have this state of affairs whereby tourist sector activities do not receive due recognition . occupazionali
that is incredible when you think that the commission described tourism as one of the five economic factors most likely to create jobs . posti
how is it that , when everybody agrees that tourism is such an important sector for the european union in terms of jobs , economic activity , investment and sustainable development , it did not merit even a tiny paragraph in the treaty of amsterdam ? occupazione
as always the rescue services did a courageous job of trying to save as many people as they could . soccorso
i can still hear jacques delors advocating these trans-european networks , which he felt would create many jobs , and i still remember the decisions taken at the luxembourg employment summit , but i am now waiting to see some concrete results . occupazione
equally , we hope that financial resources from the different structural funds will be made available at last to begin to build infrastructure networks and , consequently , to create jobs . however , in spite of all this , i do not believe that we will have sufficient financial resources to pay for the 14 main priority projects . posti
a balance exists between the jobs lost in the production and marketing sectors that become obsolete due to the application of new technologies to the network and to road traffic , and the jobs created in this new area of activity . i agree with the rapporteur that whether this balance is positive or negative will depend , for the most part , on whether or not our businesses are able to take the lead in the current trend . il
consequently , i totally support the idea that we must help our businesses and , in order to do so , allocate substantial community resources to the development and implementation of road transport telematics , in order to ensure job creation and sustainable development . lavoro
this is very important from an irish perspective considering the tourism industry plays a very considerable role in generating jobs in the irish economy . posti
in fact , according to the mid-term evaluation on the spending of eu monies in ireland carried out by the economic and social research institute , over 30 000 jobs will have been created in ireland during the present community support framework programme 1994-1999 . posti
a single european currency will bring with it an increased number of tourists which will mean an increase in the number of jobs created in the tourist industry in ireland over the next few years . posti
in light of the fact that over 30 000 jobs will have been created between the years 1994-1999 in the tourism industry in ireland , it is therefore very clear that substantial provisions must be included in the national development plan concerning future eu and national funding for the tourism industry in ireland . posti
first , it shows the usefulness of these measures which either directly or indirectly seek to meet the needs of a sector which , despite an overall drop in demand of almost 10 % between 1975 and 1995 , continues to occupy a crucial place in the economy and in employment in the european union ( approximately 6 % of community gdp , over 9 million jobs ) . posti
so we must make a major effort : convey the fact that there are , nowadays , many jobs which our fellow citizens no longer wish to do , and that immigration can therefore be a major opportunity , not least an economic one . lavori
they ask for asylum , they ask for jobs and they ask for lives for themselves and their families . lavoro
we need to create opportunities for temporary emigration , with offers of jobs and training . lavori
apart from the obvious political constraints , other key factors are the absence of a sense of personal safety , and the availability of jobs and housing . posti
young men looking for their first job , if that job involves driving a car in ireland , have to pay something like ecu 50 for insurance per week . impiego
let me point out once again that it is the commission 's job , not the council 's , to see that the single market functions smoothly and that the rules on competition are respected . compito
many of us are convinced that the measures being discussed could be the answer to reducing tax fraud and increasing jobs . our current self-service society might then shift towards a proper service society . occupazione
taxation offers us a way of dealing with our desperately high levels of unemployment and creating more jobs . posti
perhaps we could hear what types of general measure the presidency plans to introduce before the end of its term . the president-in-office referred to what she described as the biggest challenge facing us in the run-up to the millennium : bringing unemployment down for the next generation and providing more jobs . occupazione
a very big multinational company - fruit of the loom - is pulling out of a labour-intensive industry with thousands of jobs because they want to get the product manufactured in morocco . posti
it is small and medium-sized enterprises which are very often highly innovative and create the jobs that we need in order to cope with the difficulties experienced in europe today . posti
it is my job to express our group 's position in this joint debate on energy . esprimere
then there is also job creation , the protection of resources and the export market which we cannot afford to leave to japan and the united states . posti
the fight against unemployment and to create stable jobs is the permanent concern in the majority of the decisions that the european parliament takes with the commission . posti
we thank the rapporteur for a thorough job on an important report . lavoro
but it is our job to once again stress that all the european member states should generously apply the geneva convention and thus give protection to women who are the victims of forced marriages , rape or sexual mutilation . compito
the job is not over with this victory for the anti-meciar parties . partiti
these closures will lead to around 1 500 job losses , 530 of which will be in france . 530
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , levi strauss , the jeans manufacturer , wants to close three factories in belgium and one in northern france by the end of the year , with the result that 1 461 people will then lose their jobs . lavoro
mr president , levi strauss intends to close various factories in belgium and france and to cut 1 461 jobs . 1461
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , tuesday 29 september 1998 will be known as black tuesday among the workers at levi strauss , because in a single morning 1 500 people were sacked , despite the repeated assurances by management throughout the year that there would be no job losses . licenziamenti
the aim of the whole dialogue and negotiating process must be to save the maximum number of jobs . occupazione
we call on its management to reconsider its decision and to negotiate with the unions in order to draw up an alternative solution to the closures , particularly through a reduction in working hours , which would preserve jobs . posti
mr president , let me first of all express the regret of the commission at the proposed closure of four units of levi strauss in belgium and france and the loss of more than 1 400 jobs . posti
this situation highlights the risks in having any sort of job which has a different rate of pay if performed at european level rather than at national level . lavoro
the social fabric of europe 's farming community cannot afford the destruction of its base - the small and medium-sized farms - or additional job losses . lavoro
when adopting the cunha report a few weeks ago on the reform of the cap , our parliament outlined the framework of another agricultural policy . it is a policy that is far more concerned with society 's needs in terms of decent incomes , jobs , the quality of food and the environment , the balanced management of our territory and international cooperation . occupazione
maintaining this enhanced value in the designated areas both protects agricultural jobs and prevents a shift towards production methods that are harmful to the environment , by protecting the biological diversity . occupazione
for two years , since the conference in cork , we have been stressing the need to protect jobs in rural areas and looking for consistent ways to achieve this . posti
making products commonplace will never create as many jobs and will not give as much satisfaction to the consumer as maintaining regional characteristics . posti
we share mr vallvé 's concern because jobs are actually the main priority in this proposal . occupazione
we believe it is necessary to harness the potential of the four sectors he mentioned : smes ( over 80 % of jobs in the european union are in small and medium-sized firms ) ; the environment ( sitting on the committee on the environment , i am very well aware of the new sources of employment in very important sectors drawing on the potential of the environment , and it is very important to take that into account ) ; research and development ; and , of course , equal opportunities - once and for all , women must occupazione
we saw how difficult it was for the environmental authorities and the social partners to participate in each of the previous programming periods , and there has been no real evaluation of the role the new sources of employment have played in spending the structural funds to create jobs , especially in regions in industrial decline like my region - i am asturian . occupazione
so we think it is very important that we should take account , in the ongoing reforms which we will continue to debate next week , of the need for across-the-board implementation of the principles of transparency , participation , equal opportunities and sustainable development - only 5.2 % is devoted to sustainable development - and for a balance between policies to preserve and create jobs and economic policies which do not destroy jobs , because sometimes economic policies do harm employment . occupazione
we also think the budget for infrastructure should be reduced , because the employment it creates is short term , and there should be more money for new sources of employment , because they create longer term jobs . occupazione
support , because job creation and an end to the scourge of unemployment must be the first priority of our structural fund programmes ; support , because people living in our coal-mining , textile , steel and defence regions did not ask for the economic shock waves that have taken the heart out of their communities and no one can ask them to rebuild their economies without public support ; and support , because this ecu 9bn of expenditure - more than £ 7m - represents the people 's priorities on how european money should be spent . che
they are designed to ensure a balance between economic policy , creating and preserving jobs and the other specific union policies . posti
the objective 2 measures remain extremely important to creating and preserving jobs . posti
mr president , commissioner , the four areas , small and medium-sized enterprises , the environment and sustainable development , equal opportunities for women and men and promotion of research and development , are good priorities for the creation of new jobs . posti
the results of the fourth phase of the objective 2 programme , whose priority is job creation , are relatively pleasing . posti
people simply tend to live where the jobs are . lavoro
but they prefer to work in regions that offer not just jobs but also an intact environment , which means a well-kept and healthy natural environment , a good infrastructure and rapid transport connections between work and home . incontaminata
this is the situation that structural policy must address ; we must look at all the surrounding factors and not just at jobs in isolation . posti
it is therefore important - and this is my first comment - that according to the commission 's estimates , for the period we are talking about 880 000 jobs are being created in the objective 2 areas . posti
at the same time , however , there are problems , which other speakers have mentioned , relating to the quality of the programmes and to the forecasting of job creation , and it would be desirable to deal with them . posti
simple rigour should therefore have led the rapporteur to distance himself from the fanciful overall assessments that the commission has produced with regard to the number of jobs created or preserved due to the existence of the objective 2 programmes . posti
however , he finally accepts an overall figure - obviously carefully worked out for propaganda purposes since the statistics have no relevant meaning - , of 450 000 to 500 000 net jobs attributable to the objective 2 programmes . posti
it is a paradox that he has not thought to point out that the best way of safeguarding or creating jobs was , for the member states , to reduce their taxation and alleviate the administrative constraints they impose on companies and , for the european union , to better promote fair trade . posti
amsterdam gave some signals of just what a people 's europe might be about , what it might look like , because we agreed a job creation role for the union , endorsed the social dimension , created a broad anti-discrimination competence , strengthened environmental , consumer and health opportunities and insisted on stronger cooperation between enforcement officers on terrorism and drugs . posti
the questions which are crying out to be answered are the same throughout the member states and the same issues that are demanding answers in the european discussions as well : how to create jobs in a global market ; how to reform the social welfare systems of europe without denying help and support to those who truly need it ; how to save the environment for the future ; how to deal with the scourges of racism , drugs and terrorism ; how to train and retrain individuals to cope with the challenge of information technology ; in essence posti
what does it think about easing the burden on the economy by easing the burden on the small and medium-sized enterprises that pay the highest taxes and can create most jobs ? posti
i am thinking in terms of an area of freedom , security and justice where human beings - and not just goods - can move around freely , with all the associated problems concerning jobs , legislation , judicial guarantees , security and basic rights . lavoro
countries cannot go away thinking the job is done : the job has not even started to be done , and we have to build upon that . NULL
naturally we welcome the idea of a financial package for latin america , geared to creating new jobs and boosting domestic consumption . posti
the key question , commissioner , is this : in these circumstances , what action has to be taken to ensure that the euro does not become too expensive and does not make our exports dearer , threatening jobs ? occupazione
the european business community would react against such a move and that would lead to less investment and , in turn , to fewer jobs . occupazione
... but his plans to use some of the reserves of the euro zone member states ' central banks - an idea shared , as it happens , by lionel jospin - for taking a major political initiative to boost economic recovery in europe , with job creation as the main target , fail to provide the necessary safeguards . lavoro
it was against this background that we tried , with welcome help from other members of parliament , to reconcile workers ' inalienable right to health with the desirability of financially healthy businesses , with special emphasis on smes , the main job creators , but also not forgetting the major industries in this sector . posti
within a context of globalisation , the eu cannot cut jobs by laying down excessive requirements , which would lead for instance to the creation of yet more jobs involving higher health risks for workers in third countries . posti
if we act hurriedly and without proper judgement then thousands of jobs will be a stake . posti
it is a difficult job , and funding needs to be made available for it . la
these considerations give rise to certain proposals , not to say pointers for reform , which in general terms lie within two spheres of prime concern to the european institutions as a whole : the first is safeguarding jobs - given that we have undertaken to create new employment , let us try not to lose existing jobs - and the second is environmental protection , a commitment which underpins all the reforms . posti
this own-initiative report paves the way to two other possible in-depth studies , attesting to the fact that the legislator 's job is to design a broad avenue , from which pathways branch off into the real heart of the matter . lavoro
they came to be of such concern through the rejection of productivity-based policies that weakened the quality of production and of the environment , led to job losses and to desertification in fragile areas . occupazione
there is also a need for some basic questions to be asked so that agricultural jobs , food safety , the quality of production and the protection of the rural environment remain at the heart of the reform of the cap . occupazione
we want the economic benefits of tourism , but we need investment in bread-winner jobs as well . posti
but there is also a high price to pay for the exodus of these citizens , who leave their poorer regions to move to towns and their suburbs , where they find very few jobs . occupazionali
we then need an effective support ceiling , which should only be raised if we resurrect old solidarity requirements , and i refer specifically to the requirement that everyone should have the right to a decent job . lavoro
an integrated rural policy must also ensure that new jobs are created in rural areas . posti
by that i mean not only employment in agriculture or related sectors , but also high-tech jobs . posti
madam president , first of all , let me say that i welcome the fact that the committee on agriculture and rural development has delivered an opinion on agricultural expenditure in 1996 , since this is normally the job of the committee on budgetary control . pronunciamento
is it not more obviously a job for the council of europe and unesco ? logico
subjects such as copyright , royalties and a european library network are important , but here again i feel that they are more a job for the council of europe or unesco . competenza
if consumers no longer need them , then it is the job of libraries , and libraries alone , to win them back . compito
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , my job as a pharmacist means that i often come in contact with the question of homeopathy . professione
our firms will become a little less competitive in world markets as a result , and this again may cost jobs . occupazione
we should not be engaged in facile , political posturing but we should be involved very directly and very earnestly in trying to engineer something which benefits the citizens and the companies of the european union in effectively building up the trade and wealth of the union so that we can create jobs and on that basis alleviate poverty and all the other worst aspects of our society . posti
it is now widely recognised that smes constitute the key sector for economic growth and the consequent creation of jobs . posti
we all know , however , what an essential role smes play in terms of innovation , job creation and regional development , particularly in rural areas . posti
we believe - and we looked at the experiment you tried with the cfo - that voluntary service must not replace paid jobs , and that beneficiary organisations must respect the european union 's rules in every particular . posti
likewise , the committee considered it important to promote job creation through these programmes and also in cooperation with the research and new technology programmes . lavoro
but i think that if we look at the impact which this kind of programme has on jobs , we have to acknowledge that programmes like this are extremely important , since one of the things they do is encourage the mobility of labour within europe . occupazione
it does not create jobs as such , but it is vitally important in the current situation of mass unemployment among young people in particular . posti
the best way to enable young people to find employment is to ensure that they are qualified for the right jobs . professione
we now know that the majority of young people , 80 % , obtain qualifications for only 11 types of work , which drastically reduces their chances of finding a first job . occupazione
would you consider pushing this analysis through , so that young people can finally concentrate on obtaining qualifications in types of work where there are actually jobs to be had ? occupazione
as regards what mr pirker said , it is true that we must ensure that our young people are qualified for the jobs on offer today . professioni
it opens up cultural activities to initiatives by and the active involvement of the union 's citizens and recognises culture explicitly as a source of jobs and a factor in social integration and citizenship . occupazione
we believe that unemployment should be tackled locally , regionally or nationally , since there are many different reasons why people lose their jobs . lavoro
training needs to be given time to bear fruits in new jobs being taken by the people who take part in courses - we need to invest time as well as money in our training programmes . posti
a great deal is at stake : not just the model of european society that we wish to safeguard but also , and in particular , the future of the young and the not so young , and the possibility of offering them a job and a place in this citizens ' europe that we aspire to . lavoro
in addition , i also believe that the evs , which i support wholeheartedly and which is very much a credit to the commissioner and her services , can be improved upon , for example by adopting philippe de coene 's idea of providing a more precise definition of what the host organisations ( non-profit-making organisations ) and host projects ( activities which cannot replace jobs ) should involve . impieghi
on the relationship between policy on smes and policy on the environment , the informal environment council held in amsterdam in mid-april 1997 concluded that small businesses created jobs , but that they also created a significant amount of environmental pollution . occupazione
the environmental technology sector offers a very promising challenge in terms of both more jobs and less pressure on the environment . occupazione
we all recognise the dynamic role played by small and medium-sized enterprises in the vitality of modern economies and in job creation . posti
the absence of statistics in such an important area seems to be a contradiction given that the structural funds account for a third of community expenditure and that , as i have already mentioned , we all agree on the importance of the role of smes in a modern economy and in job creation . posti
we must have the data if the committee on budgetary control is to do its job . this is a serious matter . compito
yet there is another dimension if we want to stop the rifts that already exist in our societies from widening . we need more job opportunities , better education provision and a fairer distribution of resources . lavoro
mr schmid and mrs cederschiöld have done an important job here in dealing with issues that are vital to the future of the european union . lavoro
the commission believes that the institutions concerned each have their own job to do : the european central bank , europol , the commission , especially in its capacity as the initiator of legislation , the member states , their central banks , their police forces and their courts . compito
each will have its own job to do in any future system . compito
we do not see it as our job to censor the information the commission feels it has to provide , but we insist that the delegations , or whoever may be concerned , must be capable of meeting their responsibilities . compito
we do not regard it as our job to tell the political powers how possible changes should be made to the contributions paid by the member states . compito
initial opposition to an active labour market policy and the near-total belief in emu and the jobs it would create have actually disappeared . occupazione
may i remind you that the ppe coordinator volunteered the information during the part-session that i had done an excellent job by incorporating their proposals into my report , that there was still just one difference of opinion remaining which concerned investment policy , but that otherwise he was very happy . lavoro
today we are already seeing the effects of the crisis in south-east asia on european jobs . occupazionale
this is affecting european jobs . posti
a first job depends very much on that essential link between the institutions offering education and training and the requirements of the labour market . impiego
the second issue i would like to raise seems important to me , but is not mentioned in the report . it concerns the strong resistance to geographical mobility within the union and between regions of the member states , both on the part of those seeking their first job and the unemployed . impiego
it is also time we stopped regarding public services as a harmful extravagance and admitted they are immensely important in creating jobs and the infrastructure we vitally need . occupazione
unless europe makes jobs a priority , there will no future for its children and thus no future for europe itself . occupazione
italy 's audit office recently bemoaned the fact that a substantial percentage of graduates have difficulty in finding jobs owing to the mediocrity of the education system , in particular the universities , where the practical and applied aspects of the theoretical instruction are all too often overlooked . occupazione
where economic conditions permit , it is indeed desirable to reduce weekly working time and above all to introduce part-time work in order to create new jobs . posti
it is a world where , when people lose their jobs , especially women , they lose 50 % to 100 % of their income and in order to survive , they rely on strong family support , weak national solidarity and your solidarity , thanks to the european union 's cohesion . perdono
to be honest , what we need is a new welfare state which promotes employment and lifelong learning for every citizen of the european union . in other words , we must ensure that every woman and man from lisbon to berlin , from london to rome , has the same hope if they lose their jobs . lavoro
the fact that 23 million european citizens are living at subsistence level also gives cause for thought , as does the fact that the present report warns of low-pay and low-quality jobs and demands that monetary stability be maintained . jobs
recent publications , particularly krugmann 's work , are beginning to call into question whether it is logical and coherent to continue giving priority to price stability now that we have reached all-time low levels where job creation is concerned . occupazione
although i agree with carlos gasòliba that economic stability is a prerequisite for job creation , i also believe that greater coordination is needed and that the european central bank should focus more on this objective . posti
secondly , i think it is unfortunate that when comparing - benchmarking - job creation in europe and in the united states , the experience gained by this parliament was not drawn upon . posti
unemployment leads to forms of exclusion , precariousness hampers personal development , and the lack of personal expectations places available labour in a feudal position in relation to whoever can provide a job . lavoro
secondly , there is no denying that the number of jobs rose by 750 000 in 1997 thanks to economic growth , economic growth which is now threatened by financial crises elsewhere in the world . occupazione
thirdly , i agree with those honourable members who advocated a stronger presence in the jobs market for women , the over-fifties and the handicapped . lavoro
this means that growth on its own does not create as many jobs as we need . posti
some substantive additions and , in some cases , new guidelines aim at putting particular emphasis in 1999 on active measures : developing life-long learning , making the labour market more open to all , fully exploiting the jobs potential of the services sector and better reconciling work and family life . occupazionale
we have voted in favour of calling on the member states to develop national programmes in the areas of job creation , health , education and social policy , and of improving the european cooperation which already exists in this sector . lavoro
mr president , let me begin by stressing how important it is that jobs and employment policy are now to receive the treatment they deserve at eu level . european cooperation has too long been dominated by competition , the market , trade policy and so on . occupazione
mr president , these relations are also extremely important as far as jobs are concerned . occupazione
on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , i would make the point that 59 % of eu investment goes to the usa , and the figure in the other direction is 44 % , so to both parties that is very important in terms of jobs . occupazione
fourth , cooperation must include and emphasise social issues , such as securing the rights of working people and safeguarding collective bargaining , the abolition of child labour and forced labour , job creation , and the mutual recognition of qualifications . posti
a new transatlantic economic partnership has major implications for private citizens and businesses in terms of jobs and prosperity . occupazione
lastly , mr president , the partnership will be good for jobs . posti
so this is a job for the european union , especially when it comes to looking for like-minded trading partners . compito
the statements by the new federal german government that monetary policy should make a greater contribution to overall economic development and should also seek to generate growth and jobs are a cause for concern , since it is precisely the restriction of its remit to monetary policy which justifies the independence of the ecb . occupazione
indeed , ever since the fontainebleau summit the vertical sectoral approach - that is , specific directives - for specific jobs and occupations has been replaced by a horizontal approach , in other words the general system based on semi-automatic recognition of qualifications without prior harmonisation of education and training systems .  
the alternative to this system would be highly detailed regulatory provisions : these are appropriate for certain jobs and occupations but not for others . lavorative
i would like to cross-examine the commissioner on this report , on the implications of duty-free for jobs . occupazionali
i will end by saying this : give us the tools if we are to do the job . job
i do not make a habit of saying thank you , but mr añoveros has done such a good job that i cannot resist . lavoro
the commission 's very well-structured green paper addresses this question - and it does so in a responsible fashion , as do we in the european parliament , in these times of widespread crisis when the two most crucial and worrying issues of all are the economic future of pensioners and jobs for young people . occupazione
that after all may lead to lower indirect wage costs , enabling more jobs to be created in europe . occupazione
the directive we have at present is a step in the right direction , but if we are looking at greater flexibility in the labour market , we could have a far more work-friendly system of pensions simply by legislating to allow people to take their pension or their pension provider with them when they change jobs or move to a different country . lavoro
my thanks to the rapporteur for the first-class job he has done . lavoro
this is wrong as this approach totally eliminates any dynamic for a process of job creation and reduction in retirement ages . occupazione
this becomes all the more important if we consider the significance of the aerospace industry as a source of employment which provided more than 377 000 direct jobs in 1997 . posti
the two final points which i must stress are the need to jointly develop the next generation of military equipment and airframes and never to forget in europe the importance in social terms , and in terms of direct and indirect jobs , of the civil and military aeronautical industry and therefore obviously the need to introduce euroworks councils as quickly as possible . occupazione
mr president , the aerospace industry involves 350 000 people , one million jobs and a turnover of eur 50 billion . posti
aerospace is one of the top 15 industries , employing more than 370 000 people as well as sustaining thousands of jobs in component manufacturing and in other high-tech areas . posti
if airbus sells a large number of aircraft , that means good business for many upstream companies , which safeguards numerous jobs . posti
we regard job creation , the sustained economic growth and the competitiveness of the eu regions as the most important objectives in the reform of the structural funds and the cohesion fund , but also in the necessary reform of the eu agricultural policy . posti
we have to prepare for the consequences of structural change in agriculture with an effective , wide-ranging rural policy to create new and varied enterprise action and new jobs , and that is why a high level of education and training is vital when it comes to exploiting the use of the aid given to the applicant countries . posti
this means that he is not in favour of this positive development , which we must promote , but would like to continue pursuing the old system of rationalising structures and thereby destroying jobs and encouraging forms of production that are neither species-friendly nor environment-friendly . posti
despite the fact that we are voting against this paragraph and have abstained on another , we are still going to vote in favour of the report as a whole , because it encourages job creation . predominanti
it is high time we recognised that bringing up children in the family is a real and highly-qualified job and remunerate it accordingly . prole
the relevant studies show that a clear majority of mothers want to bring up their children themselves but are forced by material pressures to take a paid job , which means they then have to put their children into child care establishments . lavorativo
the job of bringing up children within the family deserves to be fully recognised as such . opera
we fear that this idea , which has been raised many times , might remain only on paper and might not become a reality . there is also cause for concern that it has not fulfilled the desired objectives - namely job creation - as it has been diluted over time and has not reached significant critical financial mass . posti
as everyone knows , flexibility does not create jobs but , on the contrary , destroys them . flexibility is a characteristic of jobs that do not have normal status and leads to an increase in part-time work and to job insecurity . posti
apart from the imperative of ensuring that the fight against unemployment is the constant and top priority of economic policy , there are three other important areas in the struggle to achieve full employment : education , job security and a wages policy . lavoro
i am happy to vote for this report , noting as it does that an extra 750 000 jobs were created across the eu in the last year . posti
but as we all know , other jobs are threatened by traditional problems such as skills shortages and by new problems such as the knock-on effects of financial market crises in east asia and other parts of the world . posti
the report rightly calls for more quality childcare places to allow parents who do want to work to find and keep a job and thus support their family by their own efforts . impiego
in our view this is an important exemption , because we do not agree with the union 's economic policy , which gives priority to combating inflation at the cost of measures to create jobs . posti
i think we have done a good job at first reading and i would like to conclude by thanking the members in the various parliamentary groups and committees who , with their amendments , have contributed to enriching this report for which i had the honour of being rapporteur . NULL
fishing permeates every aspect of our way of life and our traditions and , in spite of the difficult nature of the job , it plays such a large part in our lives that it is a fundamental element of our identity . mestiere
i would love to know , in figures , just how much has been spent on female entrepreneurship , social infrastructure , reconciling job and family , and support for women in rural areas . professionale
it would be an act of solidarity towards its inhabitants and a essential element in revitalising investment and economic activity in the area and in creating jobs . posti
in effect , we will still vote against the report , in spite of its positive points , such as the horizontal application of objective 3 , maintaining the ' urban ' initiative and taking small and medium-sized towns into account for the first time , the need for a new initiative to deal with the economic and social crises that lead to job losses , and the restructuring of the performance reserve provided for by the commission . posti
firstly , we know that , in general , flexible models and new forms of organising work also lead to more jobs . occupazione
i would propose that we set up innovation centres where innovative young entrepreneurs can obtain the appropriate knowledge and guidance to create new jobs in young companies . lavori
we would like to have codecision , we would like to propose our own performance reserve , but that is not our job . compito
i think they are a good thing - i am not going to start judging them as i do not have a detailed knowledge of them - but there is one piece of information that catches my attention : the possible job losses that could occur while farmers ' incomes are being maintained . posti
i feel that this is serious , because there were already significant job losses in 1992 . occupazione
commissioner , it is impossible to assess the extent to which rural areas could have flourished , how many jobs would have been created and preserved , how much agricultural spin-off development we could have initiated too . posti
we are not the farmers ' committee and we have a duty to look beyond personal vested interests and towards the interests of all those citizens living in rural areas who will not find jobs in agriculture . lavoro
to achieve the latter we need leader type programmes to assist small-scale enterprises to develop new jobs in high technology as well as in tourism , traditional crafts and skills and environment-enhancing projects . posti
let me say a few words on multifunctionality with special reference to communal farms , which of course account for most of our farmland , especially in less-favoured locations . not only are these farms multifunctional , but - and this is our main concern , and i believe you are aware of it - in truly rural areas where unemployment is in the 30 to 40 % range , such as mecklenburg / west pomerania and other regions , they are the only guarantors of the relatively few jobs that still exist . meclemburgo
this decision will means that more communities both urban and rural will be able to avail of european funding for projects to generate new jobs , improve the environment and guarantee continued economic growth . posti
these include the horizontal implementation of objective 3 , which is essential in achieving social cohesion , the provision of training and the fight against exclusion . other important aspects are the maintenance of the urban initiative , which for the first time caters for small and medium-sized towns , the recognition of the need to draw up a new initiative to deal with the economic and social crises that lead to job losses , and the revision of the inappropriate and ill-defined ' performance reserve ' envisaged by the commission . posti
eu support has helped turn the irish economy around and create thousands of new jobs . posti
five million farming jobs have been lost in the eu between 1980 and today . oggi
but there too i am convinced that an international court could do a good job , if only to determine what is political and what is criminal in this case . penale
we cannot therefore allow this sector of jobs to gradually disappear . occupazionale
no fewer than 377 510 people were directly employed in the sector in 1997 , not counting the downstream employment in the form of jobs with subcontractors and so on . addetti
i share the report 's desire to see strong eu wide industrial groups in aerospace manufacturing , not only to secure the many jobs and high skill levels they employ but also to maintain the eu 's ability to choose when to compete with and when to cooperate with the usa in this field . posti
if we do not give the companies concerned a clear green light to get on with the job of restructuring their operations to this end , we will have only ourselves to blame for the hobson 's choice which would be ours - to buy american aircraft or to buy nothing . hobsoniana
i would on principle have expected the commission , as an advocate of cultural diversity and also a promoter of jobs in europe , to take into account all the objectives of the european treaties in its examination of the book pricing system from the point of view of competition law . occupazione
did the commission think when carrying out its competition law analysis that in labour-intensive small businesses in the book trade possibly up to 200 000 jobs and also thousands of training places could be lost by abolishing fixed prices ? posti
in other debates , on employment for example , lip-service is paid to protecting small businesses because of their importance for jobs . occupazione
well , it seems to me , and following everything you have said , that abandoning book price fixing sounds the death knell for the small bookseller , for quality books and for jobs . occupazione
furthermore , the bulk of uclaf 's current investigations are being carried out in the member states as this is its main job .  
mr president , employment is indeed a key concern of the union 's citizens and everything possible must be done to combat unemployment effectively and create jobs , especially for young people and the long-term unemployed . posti
here too time is pressing , because there is a long and difficult way to go from taking decisions to achieving practical results , namely more jobs and fewer people without them . occupazione
we must determine how the labour factor can be relieved a little more of what is in some member states a quite substantial tax burden , through a rational , agreed and joint approach to taxation , so that it would be worthwhile to create jobs , not just through investment but also through investment plus the numbers of people in employment . lavoro
the socialist group insists that we get concrete measures aimed at lifelong learning , at education initiatives , trying to give our people a better basic education but also giving them the skills to do value-added types of jobs . qualificate
most young people today across the european union , whether they live in germany , in finland , in the united kingdom , in the south of europe are concerned about their future and they are concerned about their future job , or their future role in society . lavoro
the gross disparity between the salaries of members doing identical jobs in equally trying circumstances in terms of travel , hours , inconvenience , the disruption of family life and so on , is simply not acceptable . lavori
we must define a statute which is appropriate for the work we do , the environment in which we work , the travel which is an integral part of our job and the incompatibilities which result . funzioni
i want to congratulate mr rothley for the extremely effective job he has done in this respect . lavoro
i imagine that in countries paying very low salaries , membership of the national parliament is not seen as a full-time job . funzione
but a member of the european parliament who takes his responsibilities seriously has a more than full-time job . compito
i must pay tribute here to mr rothley , who has done a fine job in bringing the complex task of producing a uniform statute to completion . egregia
with regard to salaries , it is not right that meps are paid different salaries for doing the same job but we have gone about it the wrong way . lavoro
in my amendments nos 12 and 13 , i made the point that instruments of monetary policy cannot simply be used to stimulate investment in jobs . occupazione
no concern at all is shown for the promotion of productive investments which would contribute to economic recovery and job creation . posti
doubt has been cast on their ability to do the job for which they are qualified , just because a few are not called to account . gettato
in spite of everything , last year we created 1 700 000 new jobs , something that had not happened for five years , and i believe that we should work on this basis . posti
to what extent are such mergers likely to affect competition and job creation ? occupazione
i say partly , because the job is far from over . risolto
all that remains is to give operational content to this determined approach , and this will be a job for the coming german and finnish presidencies . compito
that is true , but that was not your job . compito
your job was to resolve the problems of the present , because that is all a policy for the future can do . compito
there is a whole series of proposals on the table - and i do not wish to bore the presidency and the remaining members - , but we need to reconsider the ideas in the delors white paper , because without investment there are no jobs , and for there to be investment , the financial means need to be provided . occupazione
this common european currency , which will become a reality at the end of our presidency , represents a tremendous opportunity for european integration , for deepening that integration , and it has now been supplemented by a stronger resolve to create jobs and work . occupazione
the president of the european parliament said in his speech in vienna that the eu had created a further 1.7 million jobs . posti
if jobs are lost again in the period of recession which is to come , will the eu have destroyed those jobs ? NULL
we have nato for that , and it is perfectly well able to do the job . compito
even though the serious issue of unemployment was on the agenda , the conclusions were nothing but fine words , not decisions leading to the creation of new jobs . lavoro
the pact for jobs has again been postponed until next june . occupazione
the european council in vienna was an important one , in my opinion , because it made plain that there are certain new and unavoidable problems - jobs , enlargement , tax harmonisation - but ones which are not easy to tackle . lavoro
they want to be able to carry on with their job as netters , harnessing one of the world 's healthiest resources . they want to carry on using one of the most selective tools there is , which spares more endangered fish stocks and thereby helps ensure better sustainable management of this resource . mestiere
the changeover to the euro on 1 january next year affects all of us , whether we have a job or are retired , whether we are adults or children . adulti
economic policy is our ultimate means of securing jobs and guaranteeing welfare . occupazione
the applicant countries have reformed their economies in such a way as to furnish us with new markets and jobs . posti
the mistakes of a small minority must not cast suspicion on law and order forces as a whole , who do an increasingly difficult job . compito
bosnia-herzegovina must therefore use the remaining time to prepare itself to survive without foreign aid and to meet the challenge of transforming the economy in such a way as to create jobs and raise the standard of living . posti
i think the house can congratulate the rapporteurs , mrs dührkop and mr viola , and all those who have negotiated on behalf of parliament , on the excellent job which they have done . lavoro
i do not believe it is a good thing for us to subsidise lobby activities directed at the legislator , because as we are that legislator we must surely be best able to do the job ourselves , and also more democratically . dovere
is it the cut-throat competition for jobs , is it particular hotbeds of crime , is it dangerous residential environments ? lavoro
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media has done an enormous job in the organisation of these programmes in preparation for the challenges of the next millennium . lavoro
in today 's society we are all aware that the audiovisual industry plays a huge role and it is important for economic reasons and job creation because it is a communication tool . posti
actually i suggested she should do this report in the coordinators ' meeting when she was not present because i knew she would do an excellent job . lavoro
the scoreboard makes it possible to quickly check which member states are doing their job and which are lagging behind . compiti
i believe that when this study is completed , it will confirm the worst fears of many in this house that 140 000 jobs will be lost throughout the eu , that air and ferry fares will increase and that eu tourism and regional policy will be undermined . posti
there is still , mr santer , a very large majority of more than two thirds in this house in favour of bringing this job of integration , this european union , to completion under your inspiring guidance and on the basis of your proposal . lavoro
aid must become simpler , less centralised , more environmentally friendly and create more jobs . occupazione
you know how much importance i have attached to the fight for jobs ever since the start of my mandate . occupazione
here the european partners must learn from each other how to create more jobs . posti
how can we ensure that our taxpayers ' money that our member states send to korea as aid via the european funds , via the international monetary fund , does not in the end rebound on our own jobs in the european shipyards ? posti
how can we be taken seriously by the developing countries when in the united kingdom , for example , two million children have jobs , and 500 000 of these are under the age of fifteen ? minorenni
the children do not then turn to school as an alternative but instead find themselves on the street once again , looking for a job to continue to provide for their family , and if they do not find work they often end up in the awful situation of becoming involved in prostitution . lavoro
hence the obvious need to adopt the appropriate policies , designed in particular to preserve the competitiveness of the eu maritime sector , which accounts for 2.5 million jobs , and to safeguard the prospects for cooperation with the applicant countries and the union 's mediterranean neighbours , which also represent a major challenge for the immediate future . lavoro
i congratulate the commission for the thorough job it has endeavoured to do and my colleague mr jarzembowski for the results of his diligent work . jarzembowski
however , aware of the multiplying effect of this type of investment on economic growth and the creation of jobs , and also on the internal cohesion of the union , these same member states still want to take this forward . posti
jobs in agriculture are to be found in particular on mixed farms , producing beef , veal and pigmeat , but above all milk . NULL
i shall , however , try to make a better job of doing so than you did in your remarks . meglio
our rapporteurs do an important job . lavoro
an increasing number of jobs in rural areas will be at risk as a result of these difficulties , unless , in the interests of those concerned , an unvarnished and - if necessary - blunt analysis of the shortcomings is finally carried out . lavoro
we must not only safeguard existing jobs , we must also create new jobs in rural areas and also , by means of better infrastructure policy , ensure - and this is all part of it - that in a rural area it is possible to travel , on a daily basis , to a job outside agriculture , so that the rural community remains viable . NULL
one of the points close to the heart of european social democrats is that we make the amount of aid distributed to agricultural holdings dependent on the number of long-term jobs - on which social security contributions are payable - to be maintained and created in that holding , and of course this includes both employees and members of the family . posti
with improving job opportunities outside agriculture i am worried about the continuity of family farming . occupazione
to think in these terms amounts to a blatant refusal to acknowledge the widening gap between the aspirations of farmers and citizens of the union for more jobs , higher incomes and a better quality of life , and the commission 's ultra-liberal ambitions . occupazione
aberdeen angus beef , cereals , oilseed , sheep , poultry , soft fruit and potatoes , to name but a few , are all produced in an industry which is economically crucial to scotland , with an output of £ 2 billion and one in ten of all scottish jobs being dependent on it , directly or indirectly . lavoro
european decision-makers are all too often in the pay of the united states which has forced its ideas , its operation and production methods on us to the detriment particularly of european farmers - 40 million jobs in agriculture have been lost since 1960 - and the cultural dimension of european agriculture . posti
i suggest you do a little test , commissioner , if you have enough time , among the people in your office to see what conditions would be necessary to entice civil servants away from their jobs to take over or start a farm somewhere in either northern or southern europe . scegliessero
there are many other ways of gaining parliamentary experience so as to be able to carry out such a job . incarico
the european union and the member states must therefore work at global level to promote the need for binding measures to put an end to both unacceptable working conditions and the phenomenon of distortion of competition linked to social dumping which has a direct effect on european companies and jobs . occupazione
new jobs , not directly connected to agriculture , need to be created in rural areas if we are not to suffer rural unemployment , depopulation and villages reduced to dormitories for towns and cities , with all the attendant transport and environmental problems that entails . occorre
it will be a tough job , and the fear that the special conditions prevailing in peripheral areas will be ignored in the final decisions that are taken is a very legitimate one . compito
we must also place much greater importance on farmers ' non-output-related performance in terms of its image as a service and a job , and we must make the transition from price support to direct aid more palatable . lavoro
thirdly , it is scandalous that in 1999 , products that guarantee jobs and protect the environment and public health are taxed at the same rate as doctored products that are full of hormones and that are the result of chemical , transgenic methods that are tragically destructive for consumers and for natural environments . occupazione
i have received an answer from the commission in which the commission denies any responsibility and says it is not its job , so i would like to ask you as president-in-office of the council to kick the commission up the backside and ask it to start carrying out the study , which should be ready in march 1999 . compito
does the council share the view of my own prime minister , tony blair , that the loss of duty-free could lead to the loss of thousands of ordinary people 's jobs across the european union ? lavoro
is it intended to make it mandatory on national governments to implement such a regional policy , thus providing jobs in the regions to sustain rural communities and provide off-farm employment for farmers who do not have viable farms and other rural dwellers ? posti
it not only involves making standards of living more equal , but it means that important agricultural landscapes in the rural areas of europe will continue to offer people quality of life and job prospects in the future as well . lavoro
following on from the president-in-office 's two responses to my colleagues , mr hyland and mr david martin , i would like to ask whether you have any proposals with regard to more focused coordination between the regional funds and the rural development funds as a way of ensuring that people in rural areas who suffer because of a drop in income can gain off-farm income through job creation and so on ? posti
i would also like to emphasise that it has been found that when people decide to remove the aid and to develop businesses instead , then jobs are in fact created . creano
such tourism is clearly at a disadvantage , in that the existing rules are not only incompatible with the elaboration of a broadly harmonised , definitive vat system in europe , but they are also unable to compensate for the serious distortions currently burdening a sector which can provide a large number of jobs , to the benefit of local economies adversely affected by seasonal factors . occupazionale
my third point ties in with what i have just said , namely the need to step up our efforts to make the vat system more compatible with the aims of job growth and economic development . occupazionale
finally , i should like to say that commissioner bangemann has done a very good job in this field simply by encouraging dialogue . determinante
the sector already provides over a million jobs , and that figure is constantly increasing . posti
in other words , we must ensure proper safeguards for jobs and for the general interest . occupazione
we demand guarantees that a comprehensive and high-quality universal postal service , offering proper job security , will survive . lavoro
it is not ideology which spurs me on - i see nothing liberal in ideological positions ; my aim is to do the job entrusted to me . compito
i shall not be offended ; parliament will simply be doing its job . compito
but given the current legal position i had no other choice , as there are people in the commission , such as mrs cresson or mr marín , whose behaviour and character indicate that they are not fit for their job . compito
my position does not mean that i deny that , in many ways , the commission has done a good job and that the vast majority of the commissioners are capable people deserving of respect . lavoro
madam president , it is always a cause for deep concern when people lose their jobs and it is perfectly proper and natural to raise matters regarding consultation and compliance with eu regulations . lavoro
however , to target the creation of jobs for others , particularly in a region like dundalk , which needs economic stability to copperfasten the process of peace and reconciliation , is unacceptable . posti
therefore i very much welcome mr ford 's comments , and the fact that he agrees with my amendment - which states the principle of the creation of jobs in that area - is important . posti
we have also been the losers of important projects and significant job numbers . posti
we also do not wish to criticise the way the irish authorities have tried to make sure they secured this xerox plant in order to bring jobs to the area . xerox
first of all , most of the investment in ireland is in entirely new projects and does not involve the relocation of jobs . posti
recently we have seen headlines in dutch and irish newspapers about jet aircraft being chartered to fly workers from the west of ireland to jobs in the netherlands because the netherlands cannot get workers to do this work . mansioni
the 8 000 net jobs which we gained last year , our best year ever , will not solve the problem in holland or the uk . posti
please , meps , do not try to tell your constituents that it is the economic boom in ireland that is taking jobs out of your constituencies . posti
therefore , as we can do no more than limit the damage , i strongly urge my colleagues to adopt the amendments tabled by the group of the european radical alliance in order to try to set the record straight and not to punish an american company that has done some restructuring in the netherlands and in the united kingdom , and which , in addition , has created 1 000 jobs in another country of the european union . posti
what it boils down to is that huge amounts of money from the structural and cohesion funds can be used directly or indirectly not really to create new jobs , but to attract firms and jobs from other member states . posti
there are problems of waste and fraud - as i am sure the commission will agree - there are problems with the improper allocation of funds , and there are problems with jobs being relocated rather than created . posti
madam president , i would like to begin by saying , on behalf of the commission , that i fully understand the problems of regions that lose jobs to other parts of the community . posti
fortunately , such cases are still relatively rare within the european union and , of course , as you just pointed out , the new jobs created in regions that attract investment are welcome , since this means an increase in employment . posti
however , these positive elements do not mean that we can ignore the distressing consequences involved for the regions where the jobs are lost . posti
the employment guidelines for 1999 put even greater emphasis on the issue of reconciling family and job responsibilities as an integral part of the european employment strategy . professionali
this problem will diminish if new jobs are created from the production of energy . posti
in order to maintain this position , it is vital that the european institutions demonstrate their political and financial support for this important industrial sector . it is a sector that is capable of making job creation compatible with the protection of the environment . posti
a true community policy for renewable energies and smes in this sector , coupled with an increase in the specific budget for such forms of energy and in appropriations for exports would make a valuable contribution to job creation , the european union 's main preoccupation . impiego
it is estimated that close to one million direct and indirect jobs could be created between now and the year 2010 if the use of renewable energy were to double . posti
these jobs would also be compatible with the protection of the environment because the use and promotion of these forms of energy avoids the use of fossil fuels , thereby preventing emissions of co2 into the atmosphere . NULL
that is why the union must act at once and incorporate fully into its trade policy , external economic relations and the framework for enlargement the promotion of renewable energy sources as a principal means of securing viable development , protection of the environment and enhancement of the union 's competitiveness and the creation of new jobs . posti
the increased use of these cheap and clean technologies also provides an opportunity for industrialised countries in that it may lead to the creation of new jobs in high value added sectors together with access to new and immense markets in the southern hemisphere . posti
we have long forgotten the optimistic words spoken by mr delors in this chamber at the beginning of our parliamentary term , about the creation of 15 million new jobs which would reduce unemployment to 6 or 7 % . posti
and those of us who live in regions such as asturias are concerned . asturias has already lost more than 6 000 direct jobs in the steel industry , not to mention the indirect job losses that can also be added to this figure . lavoro
it is very important to us to prevent further job losses . lavoro
despite the meagre resources at its disposal it does an exceptionally excellent job . compito
secondly , on jobs in agriculture , there is only one thing i can say to you . the more environment-friendly our farming is , the more jobs that will imply and not the reverse . NULL
mr president , it is of course not the job of the commission to determine whether nitrates come from one source or another . compito
our job is to monitor whether the member states are complying with the nitrates directive , which simply means that checks are carried out as to how much nitrate there is in the groundwater . NULL
as i said , however , it is not our job to check whether it comes from one source or another , but we must ensure that the directive is complied with . compito
for example , the french government is pressing ahead with the restructuring and privatisation of the armaments industries , jeopardising more than 50 000 jobs . posti
but at the same time , we are against the restructuring and privatisation that cost so many jobs . occupazione
mr titley has certainly done an excellent job , but i cannot agree with him when he says , in paragraph 3 , that ' a european arms policy is an essential element in ... the establishment of a european security and defence identity within nato ' . lavoro
it is not parliament 's job to tell governments that they must have the army running environmental policy . spetta
i agree with the state aid guidelines and , of course , favourable state aid policies to objective 1 regions , including my own constituency of connaught-ulster , will go a long way to ensuring the creation of long term sustainable jobs in the region . posti
investment in jobs must then be maintained in the region concerned for at least five years , so that national aid does not encourage relocations . posti
such success would not have been possible without a policy guaranteeing competition as the best security for economic growth and job creation . posti
how can we explain to the people living in the regions concerned that both european and national aid is prohibited , despite the imminent threat of unemployment , despite the absence of promising job prospects ? occupazionale
once again , we have been given an extra job to do , which we are quite prepared to do as there is a need for it , but no one in the council of finance ministers has asked if dg iv has the means to do this job . compito
if access by part of the population to the information media is denied or obstructed , stark differences in education levels will result , and these could create a glaring inequality of opportunity in the job market . lavoro
the information society is currently responsible for every fourth new job in the european union . posti
jobs of the future professioni
the next item is the report ( a4-0475 / 98 ) by mr thomas mann , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on jobs of the future in europe . professioni
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , numerous academic studies and publications by employers ' associations , organisations representing small and medium-sized businesses , trade unions and public institutions have served as the basis for my report on jobs of the future in europe . professioni
what are the trends that might influence the jobs of the future ? professioni
thirdly , i cannot share the euphoric vision in which the service sector appears as an indestructible generator of jobs , because not every job that is done without payment today can be transformed into external paid employment . occupazione
to pave the way for new entrants to these jobs of the future in the member states , the european commission will need to launch initiatives but must , of course , respect the principle of subsidiarity at the same time . professioni
secondly , the flexibility that is required for the jobs of the future demands a reorganisation of the work process . professioni
i support the proposals contained in your report regarding the various means of creating sustainable jobs , and particularly the two main avenues . posti
that is hardly a new proposal , but we should not underestimate it in the context of a democratic society which enables mothers to hold down a job and which allows fathers to fulfil other social responsibilities besides their paid employment . lavoro
i think he has made a good attempt to focus attention on a number of new sectors in which jobs can be created . occupazione
' learn , learn , learn ' is the title i would like to give his report , because we can only create enough jobs if we have a population capable of meeting the challenge of the new technologies . posti
i think it is important that the rapporteur has emphasised the need for action , for real and new jobs here and not various kinds of redistribution and other solutions , and not the fine words of the federal chancellor . posti
mr president , jobs are the achilles ' heel of the eu . occupazione
emu has become a kind of mantra for the member states which has pushed them into fighting inflation , meeting the convergence criteria , reducing their budgets and cutting back public spending , at the expense of creating new jobs . occupazione
emu is actually making it more difficult to increase the number of jobs in the future . occupazione
i should for example like to see the eu , together with the member states , making a substantial investment to ensure that , over the next ten years , petrol is replaced by environmentally friendly fuels , creating a large pool of environmentally friendly jobs in the process . lavoro
basic public services are absolutely crucial when creating new jobs in many places , not least the northern part of europe . posti
by investing more of our resources into giving real education and real training to our people then we can guarantee that they will benefit from the huge explosion in job creation opportunities which will be presented . occupazione
that is the biggest disincentive to investment which will hit job opportunities . lavoro
jobs must be created and this means achieving agreement and cooperation on investment , because jobs which appear only in social statistics , which have no social quality , which have no future and which are inappropriate forms of social interaction between people are surely not the european social model which we want to build . posti
therefore , it is not with jobs ' for statistics ' that we will solve the problems , nor can quick fixes of training and work help us to tackle this mosaic which has to be sorted out . posti
secondly , the people of europe have hitherto made little use of the single european job market . lavoro
in particular , it would seem important to highlight positive trends and future job markets . posti
that is why lifelong learning must be at the forefront as the prime instrument with which we can increase the level of employment throughout the union , because only consumers can create jobs . posti
care should also be taken to ensure that when a company changes hands there is a possibility of securing the jobs of the existing staff and subsequently expanding the workforce . posti
the report also refers to the fear that technological change could result in more redundancies than new jobs . posti
it already accounts for 5 % of our total gdp , is growing faster than every other sector and is creating more jobs too . posti
more than 300 000 new jobs were created in this area of the information society between 1995 and 1997 . tra
and so what i should like to analyse is why these jobs of the present have a future . professioni
i am all for defending the welfare state in the market economies of europe , but i reject any attempt to spoonfeed people , because that could prevent the creation of jobs with a future . posti
europe 's farmers have enough land to make the change , and the extra jobs will no doubt be easy to fill ! posti
if we look at battery rearing in general , we can see that firstly it destroys biodiversity , secondly it destroys jobs and rural employment in particular and thirdly it constitutes a real hell on earth for these poor birds . occupazione
in drafting its proposal , the commission took due account of jobs , the environment , health and the economy . lavoro
mr president , mr fitzsimons has done a good job on his report . lavoro
on the other hand , amendments such as amendment no 13 , which would bring huge losses for some branches of industry and cause jobs to be lost , should be rejected . occupazionali
just as with the initiative on the taxation of carbon dioxide emissions , once again it is being claimed that the targets are fiscal neutrality and the replacement of taxes on labour , thereby helping to create jobs . occupazione
we have heard - and indeed we know - that the focus is on the environment , but also on jobs . lavoro
excessive price increases will simply result in job losses in the energy-intensive sectors , such as steel , and all the others with which we are so familiar . NULL
at the end of the day , it is consumers who create jobs , by deciding which products to buy and which services to use . posti
i believe this is a job for the final compromise round of europe 's finance ministers . occupare
could you remind members of staff in the house that it is not their job to substitute for members by indicating how the vote should go ? compito
in fact , it is important that this house promotes the emergence of these new jobs that appear to have great potential . posti
no one here will deny that job creation is one of the few fundamental problems that public opinion will use to judge the overall positive or negative effect of european integration on the everyday lives of our citizens . posti
i also wish to emphasise that measures that use very little of the budget and are , on the whole , relatively easy to implement would also let us create jobs rapidly . posti
the swedish social democrats are of the opinion that a tax trade-off whose aim is to improve the environment and create jobs should be based on a high minimum level of taxation . occupazione
through the principle of tax neutrality , better respect for the environment will make a positive contribution to the fight against unemployment and to job creation , which is something that we all need . posti
in economic terms it will ensure an expanded market , which in social terms will create more job opportunities , and last but not least there is the cultural dimension . occupazione
both the committee and the rapporteur , mr barzanti , have nevertheless done an excellent job . lavoro
we will be falling behind , especially our industry , and this will cost jobs . posti
we expect that greater legal certainty , guaranteeing investment in creative and innovative activity and in the network infrastructures , will boost growth and the competitiveness of the european industry and job creation . posti
on behalf of the commission , i wish to thank the rapporteur , mr barzanti , for having done his job so efficiently . compito
mr president , i too believe that mr martin has done a good job overall , particularly bearing in mind the outcome secured in the committee on agriculture and rural development as compared with the others . lavoro
i think that the rapporteur has done a good job , but not good enough : the report is sound on a number of controversial issues , such as the import of musts , the powers of the commission and the efforts made to make europe 's vineyards more dynamic . lavoro
insisting on bottling at source is a well-meaning and naive attempt to protect jobs and the reputation of the wines from particular wine-growing regions . posti
but , please , do not let us risk job losses in our own wine areas and possibly creating problems for our own bottlers by creating barriers between producers , distributors and consumers which are artificial and will damage trade within the union . posti
jobs in upstream and downstream sectors will also be preserved , as will our agricultural landscapes . NULL
in other words , the rapporteur has done a good job and deserves to be congratulated . relazione
in the meantime , it remains to be seen whether a common approach to crime , asylum for refugees , the harmonisation of fiscal policy and the creation of jobs is going to be successful . posti
should this happen , then jobs in eu financial centres will be lost to third countries as capital leaves . posti
as currently drafted therefore , this directive poses a direct threat to between 10 000 and 110 000 jobs , mainly in london 's financial services , depending on whose analyses you believe . posti
the countries themselves must satisfy the rules and conditions for membership and it is our job to encourage progress . spetta
the current debate that centres on the need to stabilise expenditure and ensure fair burden-sharing is certainly right , but we in the european union have another task before us which must always be given due consideration : it is the question of job creation . lavoro
fighting unemployment and creating jobs is in fact the top priority , and this is reflected in agenda 2000 too , where it is very strongly emphasised . posti
i want to thank mr gonzález for his willingness to continue with this difficult job . incarico
and i take a personal pride here , for before becoming ambassador in belgrade wolfgang petritsch was a colleague of mine and he really is doing a splendid job here , which is much appreciated . lavoro
it cannot be the presidency 's job to discuss a member state 's problems if that member state itself does not wish it . compito
he did a good job of defending parliament 's views before the council and succeeded in winning a number of points . eccellente
however , it is now parliament 's job to deliver a report at first reading clearly setting out how the quantity and quality of ground , surface and coastal waters can best be protected . spetta
its very threat is already causing severe damage to cashmere garment producers who are wholly innocent parties in this dispute and who stand to lose around gpb 20 million of export orders and possibly 1000 jobs . posti
it also gives rise to the fear of an uncompromising monetarist policy which would govern the union 's strategic choices and be a burden for potentially healthy economic growth which is able to create jobs . occupazione
coordinating economic policies becomes a pressing need if we wish to promote an efficient and competitive european economy , which - as our resolution states - is also able to generate jobs , solidarity , economic and social cohesion and equal opportunities between citizens of all the member states . posti
we must not forget , in passing , that these methods lead to large-scale job losses , and destroy the environment , quality , tastes and biodiversity . lavoro
in addition , end-of-life vehicle treatment undertakings can become more viable and generate more jobs . posti
around the coastline some 340 salmon farms are supporting some 6 000 jobs in some of the most rural areas of europe . lavoro
europe is expert in the art of work , it has strong traditions , it can provide training , and it has smes that are ready to teach others how to see a job through and how to develop employment . lavoro
the truth is that the climate of exaggerated competition in the transport sector - between companies , between the member states themselves and between the european union and the central and eastern european countries - has led to instability on the job market , lower wages , less consistent social security provisions and dumping in terms of prices , taxation and the vehicles used . occupazionale
that is why the council and the commission need to intervene to provide for harmonisation of social legislation in the transport sector , as improved safety , greater job security and improved health protection for the workforce also implies higher productivity for companies and enhanced safety for passengers . occupazionale
lastly , although we support the commission 's firm approach in not extending the scandalous fiscal privilege of duty-free sales , we also exhort the commission to adopt specific support measures for the sea transport sector , in view of the serious consequences that this change will have on existing jobs . occupazionali
madam president , i too am happy to add my own words of appreciation to the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job here , and to the three previous speakers , namely mr mcmahon and my friends mr schlechter and mr mendes bota . lavoro
the report before us suggests that there is a need to evaluate measures in the transport sector in terms of their effect on jobs , working conditions and mobility in general . occupazione
madam president , i refer specifically to commissioner cresson 's closing remarks to the effect that , even before the amendments on a small increase in the rate of tax on shag and hand-rolling tobacco are adopted , she could not accept this because it would be so bad for jobs . occupazione
moreover , as i have already said , the hand-rolling tobacco industry needs a much greater workforce , even though this product 's share of the market is not very great , and it directly affects jobs . posti
mr president , i want to thank mr gallagher for taking over this report from mr macartney and for doing an excellent job in maintaining the concern and knowledge which mr macartney brought to the subject and his particular feeling for the industry and the people engaged in it . lavoro
we have to recognise that there is a repair job to be done so far as the common fisheries policy is concerned . migliorie
therefore , essential jobs in the processing industries in what are clearly fisheries-dependent areas are put at risk . posti
now it is not my job to make recommendations to the other political parties . spetta
it continually puzzles me , when europe 's standing as a business location is being ruined by such anti-investment and anti-research instruments , how anyone can still wonder why the jobs are all being created elsewhere . posti
it nurtures research and protects small and medium-sized businesses , to which the european parliament is very committed , and with good reason , since these businesses create jobs that are urgently needed and are the channels through which the technologies of the future are introduced . posti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if the creation of jobs in the european union is one of our priorities , we must devote the utmost attention to research , technological development and innovation . posti
as christian democrats , we are utterly convinced that competitiveness creates the safest jobs . posti
it is a question of creating a real innovation culture among smes with a view to making european business competitive and safeguarding jobs . posti
we share your view that research , technological development , innovation and modernisation of the production basis are essential means of creating steady jobs and reducing regional disparities . posti
it is not my job as a rapporteur , nor is it the task of parliament as the legislative authority , to champion the cause of any particular industry . spetta
certain jobs that women do carry their own health and safety risks , which result , for example , from lack of autonomy , monotonous and repetitive work , and other such factors . NULL
i think it is quite clear that the social partners ' right to make appointments is an important element of their independence , but it is also our job to ensure representativeness and efficiency . compito
more sustainable jobs and the promotion of employability are two of the principal elements of the european employment strategy . occupazione
but the grace period , which is a feature of american and japanese patent law for example , gives an advantage to these countries in relation to the eu in an area which has great importance for the development of firms and the creation of new jobs . posti
it is not our job to stand up for terrorists , but for those who are working actively and peacefully to secure freedom for their people . compito
on many occasions , we have had the opportunity to stress the importance of smes in terms of job creation and also in terms of the vitality of the rural world . lavoro
tony blair forgot to appoint a minister for women , then called harriet harman back in and gave her the job of secretary of state for social security as well and finally sacked her because she had to carry out unpopular decisions . incarico
he has now given the job to the leader of the house of lords and women 's issues have tended to sink without trace . incarico
if i manage to succeed in my job , it is not because i am a woman but because of the good work i have done . ma
when they do exist , it will become possible to check the incorporation of equal opportunities in draft legislation , ensure a balanced gender participation in decision-making jobs and finally prepare statistical material that can be broken down into gender-relevant data . ruoli
when two people with the same qualifications apply for a job , it is given to the member of the under-represented sex . sottorappresentato
but there is no room for complacency : women still have not achieved equal pay in reality or equal status in very hierarchical job structures . professionali
mr president , mrs lulling 's report recommends that parliament should reject the commission 's proposed amendment to the directive implementing the principle of equal treatment of men and women in the field of access to jobs , vocational training and promotion and working conditions . lavoro
my amendment gives the bureau the job of laying down the rights and privileges of former members without distinction . compito
madam president , the rapporteurs have done a thorough and comprehensive job , in fact too comprehensive in my view because the proposed amendments go beyond the innovations contained in the amsterdam treaty and therefore also beyond the task assigned to the rapporteurs . lavoro
madam president , first of all i should like to say what many others have already said , namely that the three rapporteurs have done an excellent job . lavoro
providing meaningful incentives to ensure development of products to tackle some of the most debilitating and upsetting conditions in the world is clearly a job for a new kind of innovative , public / private partnership . debilitanti
finally , we must take account of the fact that unemployment , which is more frequent amongst women , job insecurity and poor social security cover have repercussions on women 's health . occupazionale
similarly , in public contracting , tenders should indicate how many jobs per year the project will create and how these jobs will be divided between women and men , and so on . posti
assessment of the social costs is the job of politicians , and acquiring information on the possible risks is that of researchers and scientists . compito
even before the event , orders are being cut down and people are being put out of jobs . lavoro
mrs haug has now done an extremely comprehensive job on behalf of the committee on budgets , but i am sorry to have to say that the great number of amendments tabled in committee have not made the whole business any clearer or more convincing . lavoro
it may only be 7 % spread over a year but the information i have received and which i will pass on to you is that a flood of cheap tomatoes , particularly last year , contributed to the loss of some 10 000 jobs in the canning industry , in areas with extremely high unemployment in south africa . posti
also , we are going to continue to pursue this case , as i explained earlier , the reason being that we felt that this case had to be notified to allow the commission to do its job . compito
every one of us should realise that she took a real sisyphean task upon herself here and i believe she has done an admirable and fantastic job . sisifo
that is why i have deleted a fair number of provisions - and this really must not be seen as any disrespect for the commission 's work here - not because i think they are bad but because i believe it is not the commission 's job to regulate this in such detail , particularly since i am convinced that nobody can control all this centrally . spetti
secondly , through its structural and support policies in rural areas , europe must also make determined efforts to safeguard existing jobs and create new ones , because for socialists throughout the union , labour market policy must be the number one priority . posti
those who advocate such utter foolishness - because they have run out of ideas and people are running away from them - are also , and with a complete lack of responsibility , leaving the 6 % who still work in rural areas to face the anger of the remaining 94 % of europeans , who then rightly point out that a ' philosophy ' of this kind will not only cause jobs and social security to disappear for ever , but will eventually cause the downfall of the successful model which is the european union , and which is posti
the debate is not about determining how a specific country might pay less , but rather how to finance a range of common policies in a fairer and more effective manner . the aim of this is , of course , to create more jobs and reduce inequalities . posti
the berlin council , and then that of cologne , needs not only to produce agreements on figures and sums , but to focus on what is important and give centrestage to the issue of job creation - as called for by the socialist group . occupazione
between 1985 and 1995 , 500 000 jobs were lost in this sector . posti
mr president , it is unbelievable that the commission rejected our claim about job losses and yet in its communication to the council when seven member states supplied complete data on direct and indirect job losses it concluded that about 50 000 jobs would be sacrificed on abolition . occupazionali
i would like to remind the presidency that at the bonn summit the eu heads of state and of government quite rightly rejected the commission 's assertion that job losses could be protected by the application of community funding and state subsidies and that a 30-month extension would be necessary to identify the problems associated with the post-duty-free regime and to put in place a workable solution to protect employees in that sector . posti
may i also remind him that the job losses referred to are widely exaggerated . posti
will that not destroy many more jobs in small businesses that are not in the right place and do not have the opportunities available to all the other large firms ? posti
mr president , i would like to reassure mr cassidy that there will be many thousands of job losses , not least , regrettably , in my own constituency of north essex and south suffolk because of the airport at stansted and the seaport at harwich . lavoro
however , this rule does not prevent the appointment of an experienced person who may perhaps have a pension from a previous job . lavoro
furthermore , no one denies that if we finally started using energy rationally this would be an innovation that would create jobs , give us a competitive edge and preserve the environment . and i am talking about baseload electricity , because you would be saving power morning , noon and night , as everyone knows and as everyone keeps saying . posti
and while we are on that subject - and this has already been mentioned - a consistent policy on renovating old buildings would also create new jobs . posti
both the commission and the council of ministers , together with an unholy alliance here in parliament , continue to support the nuclear power industry and refuse to recognise that the modern sources of energy are renewable ones - a rational use of energy - which mean more jobs , a cleaner environment and healthier long-term economic prospects . posti
in conclusion , madam president , i would like to remind members , at a point when unemployment has been called the main enemy of the european union , that these energy sources will generate many new jobs . posti
nor can it have any objections to a requirement that professional confidentiality and a ban on unauthorised second jobs including lobbying should form part of the contractual conditions of employment .  
i say ' an improved attempt ' because i see the report itself as being unimaginative - unimaginative in terms of how we can improve on projected growth figures ; unimaginative in terms of recognising that we are constantly having to revise the growth figures and we do not really know what to do in terms of trying to increase employment , growth and investment in europe ; unimaginative because , whilst it accepts that we have relatively high unemployment in europe , it does little other than to accept the fact that jobs are being created but are also posti
but the benefits of the european union and of the single market should mean that we can still create jobs satisfactorily despite what is happening outside the european union borders . posti
that is why i think this is a failing of the annual economic report because what we need to do is look at how we can generate policies to generate jobs . posti
we need more private investment , more jobs , more productivity and more sustained growth . posti
we want lower taxes , not higher taxes , and we want an atmosphere conducive to economic investment and the creation of jobs . posti
for that reason , all i can say to you is that we must introduce another approach here , and at this time i can only appeal to you to incorporate our amendments into the report so that it will contain at least some new ideas and provide a new perspective , thereby clearly signalling to all observers that we really do want more jobs . occupazione
perhaps we will have to review our original list and shift the emphasis on to new sectors such as communication technologies , low-cost housing and urban transport , which are factors that promote both growth and job creation . occupazione
it might be 2 % or it might be 2.5 % but it will be growth and the real success will be in using that growth to create jobs . posti
an economic landscape that is overclouded by investment fatigue will not bring forth the necessary growth or the necessary crop of jobs . occupazione
the three responses are : economic but also social market evaluation , a realistic wages policy , particularly for young people looking for their first job and , finally , public investment that is targeted and dovetails with private investment . impiego
the main reason for weak growth and the threat to jobs lies squarely in the realm of economic policy , and not with the central bank . posti
in 1998 , 1 700 000 net jobs were created in europe , and although i admit that the employment situation is far from ideal , it has improved . posti
what is more , public deficits have never ever created jobs ; if they had , we would have known about it and seen proof of it . posti
in my mind , mrs berès , these reforms aim to guarantee a high level of social protection and must increase the number of jobs generated by growth . lavoro
after that , of course , it is the council 's job to make the final decision as it sees fit .  
madam president , may i ask the commissioner to clarify whether he is at odds today with the annual economic report , because in the annual economic report he said that growth alone has created ten million jobs in the united states . posti
that said , europe is set to create more jobs in the 1995-2000 period , generally speaking , than were lost in the 1990-1994 period . posti
my warmest congratulations to the three rapporteurs , who have done a truly wonderful job . lavoro
the new provisions therefore seem to favour negative changes with a reduction in customs control by member states , the elimination of jobs for customs agents and therefore an increase in the opportunities for fraud and a reduction in the community preference . posti
mr president , i should like to begin by saying that although mr stenmarck has done an extremely good job of standing in for mrs mcintosh , it seems a pity that she herself has not been able to present her last report in the house . brillantemente
i cannot see why people doing the same job should be paid different wages just because they are a different nationality , so there is every reason to agree with the commission proposal . NULL
with regard to that , i wish to emphasise the importance of the trade unions , whose job is especially important now in the maritime sector when it comes to increasing safety standards for the public . compito
the report concluded that in such a labour-intensive sector as passenger and ferry services , a proposal allowing member states to impose a compulsory quota of community nationals in crews would be enough to properly safeguard the jobs of european union seafarers and would also enable the internal market to operate on the basis of community social provisions . posti
the commission feels that its own proposal offers a balanced solution which can effectively guarantee freedom to provide services as well as safeguarding community seafarers ' jobs on passenger services between the member states of southern europe , which is a highly labour-intensive sector . posti
i therefore welcome the fact that the rapporteur has done such an excellent job of promoting stronger partnership with india . compito
secondly , i very much welcome the fact that some of the previous speakers also called for improved cooperation in the high-tech sector , for this is indeed the technology of the future for india , but if we do this i think we should nonetheless refrain from asking the commission to draw up a code of conduct ; i feel this is not a job for the commission but for other organisations to do . spettanza
as documented in our new external strategy from 1995 , we in europe have a vital interest in fostering close relations based on shared values , fair partnership , economic cooperation with direct effects on jobs , and support for human rights . occupazione
i give notice that i am concerned about voices i hear arguing that the group of experts have now done their job and should stand down . lavoro
now , mr president , i hope you will allow an english-speaker to talk to you in french to suggest that the language of molière might be enriched by a new and typically european concept , that of ' berthelisme ' , which means having a fictitious job paid for out of european taxpayers ' money . impiego
those who have engaged in fraud and covered up fraud will be held to account , and mr van buitenen should return to his job and have his salary paid . posto
the current emphasis on financial profitability and price stability must give way to policies promoting jobs and growth with binding targets , and the task of the ecb must be revised accordingly . occupazione
claude perry , the director of perry-lux , admitted that out of 5 000 or 6 000 external experts working for the commission , several hundred were in fictitious jobs and were receiving a daily allowance of bfr 2 860 , as was the case with euro-conseil . impieghi
his job must be taken over immediately by the vice-president . funzioni
i regret that one or two commissioners did not shoulder their responsibilities but i regret that so many good people , including the president mr santer , who have done so much important work and achieved so much success have appeared in the eyes of europe to be discredited when in fact they are people of honour who have done a good job . lavoro
we need a comprehensive staff reform , which in my view should include an end to jobs for life and introduce fixed-term contracts instead . assunzioni
the other committees directly concerned by this report favour joining kedo and think that parliament should do its job and make that accession possible , including in financial terms . compito
mr president , mrs waddington , who has done a splendid job with this report , focused in her presentation on the content of leonardo , and rightly so . lavoro
vocational training makes an ideal contribution to innovation , to creating new jobs and to achieving long-term competitiveness on world markets . posti
i call on sue waddington , who has once again done an excellent and detailed job , to support the ppe group 's amendments . lavorato
mrs waddington has done an excellent job , but that is not the problem . lavoro
but the situation can be saved if qualified staff from the former taos are put on to the job at once . uat
in a european jobs market , i think it is most important for people to gain experience of working in other member states , and that is what this programme makes possible . lavoro
it is essential that the labour market partners are included in the cooperation process from the outset in order to reinforce employability , since the whole point of education is to have a job at the end . collocamento
mrs waddington has done an excellent job , but my group thinks that voting on this report at the present time sends out a very bad signal , as if nothing were amiss , when we do not know if the council is going to shoulder its responsibilities and come up with the right proposals at the forthcoming summit . lavoro
two or three projects are always quoted and are worth repeating : one is the work of the medicines evaluation agency in london ; another is the project about helping people in the european union find information about job vacancies right the way across the european union ; and the third is a scheme concerning early contra-indications of toxic substances and drugs that can be dangerous to young people in particular . posti
nevertheless , according to the economic studies carried out by the commission 's advisers , 150 000 jobs would be created and a 1 % reduction in co2 emissions achieved . posti
what hope can we give and what jobs can we offer for the future to the 200 000 farmers leaving the profession every year in europe ? occupazionale
we will therefore have to make considerable efforts in this field in the future and develop a wide range of information and promotional measures so as to consolidate our position in these markets , particularly because european products are as a rule highly processed and that can only mean that jobs are also at stake here . occupazione
from this you will see that our agenda is for jobs , training for jobs , protection of the environment , the fight against social exclusion , the need to protect the health and safety of our citizens in a world now having to deal with issues like bse and genetically modified foods , the struggle against cross-border crime , working together for a stronger europe in the world and carrying out the necessary reforms to ensure that we can enlarge the union at the earliest possible moment . occupazione
in spain alone , 15 000 farms and more than three and a half million direct jobs are at risk . manodopera
mr president , i certainly hope that it will not be the last time that i am speaking here on agriculture to mr fischler as a member of the commission , because over the years he has done an extremely good job . lavoro
one of the aims of the ewc is to pass on information received from central management to the local employees ' representatives in good time - across borders - so that they can do their job . compito
our role in a europe in which human resources are being misused through high unemployment should be to create the right conditions for new jobs . posti
the introduction of more rules and restrictions would mean fewer new jobs and less growth , development and prosperity . occupazione
when i consider the demanding jobs done by mobile workers and self-employed drivers , i cannot see any difference between employees and self-employed drivers in terms of danger to health . posti
of course this also applies to seafarers on board ships , offshore workers and in particular doctors , who certainly do not have an easy job . lavoro
when he started off in this job many years ago , he came forward with many legislative proposals which many people in this parliament said were pie in the sky and would never be achieved . incarico
mr president , earlier today mrs green , the socialist group leader , said that our agenda is for jobs - really ? posti
if that is true , then we wait to see the socialist vote against these two reports because these proposals would cost jobs . occupazionali
like every major incinerator proposal it sends up in smoke not just the waste but the prospect of small recycling centres and the jobs with which they are associated . posti
secondly , we would like to see special attention paid to the issue of job creation . posti
i am surprised that the environment committee has agreed to some additions which seek to use this instrument to create jobs . occupazione
we believe that the life instrument can contribute to job creation in the field of the environment . posti
almost every type of environmental initiative also creates jobs . occupazione
we feel very strongly that if we encourage small and medium-sized enterprises to participate in the scheme , we shall also be encouraging job creation . posti
i would ask your services to look at this and ensure that this question at least receives a written answer so that this man does not have his job threatened and is not forced to go back to kosovo where he would be in danger of losing his life . lavoro
if the budget is not increased , we cannot coordinate economic policies , stimulate job creation or strengthen solidarity . occupazione
as far as the common agricultural policy is concerned , the compromise reached in berlin continues with the 1992 reform . one of the consequences of this reform was the disappearance of many farms and the subsequent loss of jobs . posti
and the lack of ideas on the part of the mainly left-wing governments in europe is proven by the fact that their leaders , meeting in milan recently , decided to take up clinton 's proposals on jobs and the economy , thereby demonstrating a worrying degree of scientific , ideological and cultural subservience . occupazione
in contrast to the pompous declarations and triumphs announced in berlin concerning internal consumption , the lack of solidarity and the indifference towards cohesion confirmed in berlin will lead to greater stagnation , higher unemployment , and poorer jobs and social welfare in the european union . trionfali
i therefore believe that the european council has done its job and we must thank you for this , chancellor . compito
i fully subscribe to the opinion that the necessary restructuring will be much better received , even if it involves job losses or retraining , if management have been able to explain their approach and to listen to comments from employees . posti
it is not my job nor is it the council 's job to decide what regions of europe receive aid under what criteria . compito
i have tried to do my job as your rapporteur with all this in mind and to this end the work of the committee on foreign affairs , security and defence policy has been very useful to me , as have the amendments which were tabled . NULL
i am the last speaker of the socialists and my job , therefore , is not to speak about individual countries , but to sum up the general debates . compito
only competition can guarantee the lowest possible price for the consumer , quality , free access to the market , and , of course , innovation and jobs . posti
at a briefing yesterday , commissioner flynn said there were around 100 000 job vacancies in the european union in this area . posti
i believe it is inconsistent with our aim of promoting business start-ups and the creation of jobs . posti
the changes should create jobs and respect the environment and to achieve this , poland must increase investment in these areas . posti
when we speak of fair competition , we cannot ignore the fact that railway wages are higher and jobs are virtually guaranteed for life - conditions that will probably never obtain in the private sector . posti
i am not too happy about the manner in which the report calls on the member states to implement measures affecting areas such as pensions , health care , housing and jobs . lavoro
unless older workers can be trained up for new jobs , we face the threat of age discrimination on the labour market while many sectors are suffering from labour shortages . riqualificare
and secondly , for the first time , job creation is seen as the most important aim of economic policy . posti
on the other hand , greater cooperation when formulating national policies - through rigorous application of the employment policy guidelines and action plans and improved monitoring - means european added value , which , together with the stabilising effect of a hard common currency in the european internal market , will in the medium term also contribute to there being more jobs and less jobless , which is an important precondition for the social dimension of the european union . posti
a measure of support is now developing among the social democrats too for implementing these kinds of structural measures , which are so important for ensuring the internal stability of the euro : low inflation , which brings lower costs and which also enables more jobs to be created through the structural measures . lavoro
whilst amsterdam and luxembourg placed jobs fair and square on the european agenda , it is obvious that the luxembourg process alone will not be enough to bring about a drastic reduction in unemployment in europe . occupazione
it will not be an umpteenth rehash of fine words as a policy mix or a revamp of social security , served up with a dash of luxembourg sauce , that gives the european union a decent policy on jobs . occupazione
and quite frankly , the economic guidelines now before us simply continue to swear by an increasingly tight policy of cutbacks for many member states , and the belief that flexible wage structures , a deregulated labour market and reductions in social protection will create jobs is definitely not my idea of what a european employment pact ought to be . lavoro
europe 's socialists and social democrats , inspired by antoni gutiérres , made proposals of their own for a pact on jobs at a congress in milan , and i am delighted to see that both martine aubry and dominique strauss-kahn have adopted large parts of these . occupazione
madam president , we have two good reports here , but what counts most for us is a strong economy which really does something for jobs . posti
at my instigation , the committee on employment and social affairs produced a report on production levies and green taxes , and this shows that the introduction of this kind of taxation at european level could have a major impact on jobs . occupazione
you could say that this represents progress towards examining or at least debating the view that unemployment can only be combated with economic policies aimed at job creation . posti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , a sound economic policy , which gives companies breathing space , is the best way to create more jobs . posti
but ideas and an awareness of the problem alone will not create a single job . lavoro
but these jobs are nowhere to be seen , declared the president of the court of auditors , mr friedmann . posti
let us use the european union to create the right conditions for entrepreneurship , growth and new jobs - not to regulate the jobs we need out of existence or to sit here and believe that we can redistribute and ' talk up ' the new jobs and tomorrow 's opportunities in this europe of ours . occupazione
consumer tax must be reduced , and we believe that vat should also be lowered , particularly in those sectors that create a high number of jobs . occupazione
having said that , the commission reserves the right , both this year and next , to carry out all the analyses and make all the comments it deems necessary to guarantee that the policy mix is as balanced and relevant as possible in order to ensure sustainable growth that does not cause inflation and that creates jobs in europe . occupazione
what it is about is carrying out administrative investigations - if you like , preliminary investigations - which should allow the police and public prosecutor to do their job . lavoro
i would also plead for a solution to be found as quickly as possible , because the legitimate imposition of punitive tariffs by the usa has put other sectors of the economy under considerable pressure and jobs are at risk in europe as a result . posti
it took us quite a few hours of negotiations to persuade the commission to have a study conducted on the impact on jobs which a measure of this kind might produce . occupazione
what irritates me most is that it was precisely those member states which are always harping on about subsidiarity which placed most difficulties in the way of other member states which said ' look here , it is not the only way , but it is one we want to try in order to create more jobs ' . occupazione
care of the elderly , jobs for the handicapped , environmental projects and so on - i do not want to impose my choices here any more than mrs thyssen , and i leave it to member states to choose the opportunities offered by the proposal to see what suits their needs and capabilities best . lavoro
what we do not want , of course , is to see a reduced rate of vat bringing not greater demand and more jobs , but simply higher profit margins . occupazione
but if we are to create jobs , the member states must above all take structural measures ; we have to reduce labour costs , make employment more flexible and encourage part-time working , and in these respects we see that there is still a long way to go . occupazione
the number of jobs in this sector may also increase again . occupazione
finally , madam president , this proposal , which i hope will prove very good for jobs , will also help to dispel certain doubts about the tax coordination work done by the commission and the european union . occupazione
if i may say so , we do not want a commission with structures and portfolios that simply reflect a division of the spoils between twenty commissioners for whom the president must find a role and must find a job in order to make them look as if they are all important . compito
we believe that innovation should be the focus of future aid , for example for smes , with a view to preserving and creating jobs . posti
the best person for the job should be promoted . devono
i therefore think that this new system of promotions based on sustained merit and not solely on the availability of a particular job will be of benefit to parliament . posto
with regard to promotions , and more specifically paragraph 2 , which contains a reference to them , mr filippi and myself intend to table an amendment which , further to accepting the 490 promotions , also supports those permanent and temporary jobs that have already been accepted , as well as the three ad personam promotions . posti
mr president , commissioner , mr corbett is not only due credit for having done such an excellent job in taking over from the original rapporteur ; he has also described in great detail the practical developments and progress made on the codecision procedure , which forms the basis of this report . validamente
the federal republic of germany , for instance , has already submitted its national plan and is trying to implement it ; it has earmarked dm 2 billion for a special plan to create 100 000 training places and jobs for unemployed young people . posti
so all the structural funds will now concentrate on creating secure jobs for the future , which means employment-intensive growth , strengthening the competitiveness and innovative power of the regions , sustainable development and promoting skills and equal opportunities . posti
we know that to create jobs again we will need further growth and growth that will actually generate employment . occupazione
mr prodi , you appeared as the saviour of a foundering institution , as the person who could provide the charisma needed for the job . incarico
it is indefensible that an employee in the eu earns three times as much for doing the same job as he or she would in a member state , and enjoys diplomatic status with immunity from punishment and other fringe benefits . impiego
this is a european union package for jobs , for regeneration . occupazione
let us give our eu citizens the visible sign that we are backing the solidarity and support needed for the jobs and regeneration programmes for the new millennium occupazione
nor is it acceptable that eu-wide women only occupy 3 % of top jobs , and the rate is declining . occupino
we also wanted to make the positive experiences gained from the peace initiative accessible throughout the union ; under this initiative , ngos provided small grants that did not involve any great administrative outlay to help people for whom access to public sector jobs represents an impossible threshold to cross . uscio
in these farms , that means job cuts , but it also means jobs losses because of the further destruction of farms in the eu . lavoro
and that is why we do not have a cultural fund as such either but finance cultural measures in exactly the same way as tourism measures if , firstly , they serve to create jobs and , secondly , they promote regional development ; but we are not an institute of culture pure and simple . posti
we would all be proud of the ongoing success of the european employment strategy , which is the european union 's chief response to the need for more and better jobs . occupazione
it is about enabling individuals to progress into the new millennium ; about letting people themselves make that progress through training and education , by increasing their chances of getting a job , about helping them to move forward over time to a better job and to a better standard of living . lavoro
increasing people 's chances of keeping their jobs , getting a job or a better job is what we can do with the support of the european social fund . occupazione
this improved economic and social cohesion should bring with it the creation of jobs and thereby attack the european union 's main problem : unemployment . posti
that is the council 's job and it has done it . compito
mr president , the implementation of the berlin agreements will mean that the process of farms disappearing and jobs being destroyed , which already started with the 1992 reform , will become more pronounced . posti
when it comes to employment and job creation we must all join together to do the best we can . suo
i believe the european social fund is a means of giving impetus to job creation in europe , just as the fund for rural development is something which should facilitate the major changes which large sections of the farming sector have to make . occupazione
these should also be taken into account for the benefit of our farmers , thereby creating and securing more jobs in rural areas . posti
eu structural policy resources must be targeted on investment in the creation of genuine jobs . posti
i begin by offering my warmest thanks to mrs aglietta , the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job in clarifying the so-called comitology issue which , in terms of the procedures of the european union really is rocket science . lavoro
we must be able to locate criminal material , which should not have to be a job for the police . compito
it promises to create added value , and therefore jobs . occupazione
the issue being discussed now is one of the most important of all in economic and social terms , both because it particularly relates to young people and because it can lead to many jobs being created . posti
the legal aspects analysed today are a vital foundation for regulating and harmonising electronic contracts and future use and developments , on condition that the internet is accessible to all , accessible but regulated , so as to defend the groups at greatest risk , particularly children , to protect people from unlawful electronic acts and cable intrusion , but to encourage anything which can create jobs and help our culture to grow and flourish . posti
euro money was a key element in transforming the old manchester docks at salford quays into a vibrant commercial centre , creating over 4 , 000 jobs . posti
as a result of such massive imports , which scarcely cover the cost of the raw material , many european textile companies are currently recording losses and their survival is threatened . this is seriously jeopardising a number of jobs . lavoro
what is happening is that these proposals are not materialising , and if they are not urgently promoted , an large part of a sector which is firmly established in european industry and which , above all , provides many jobs , could disappear . posti
i hope that the commission will bear this in mind and will address this problem which affects so many jobs . posti
that is to say , it was regarded as a marginal sector doomed to fade away because of an attitude of conformism and fatalist determinism which would inevitably lead to millions of workers losing their jobs , just when the european union had chosen to give priority to the fight against unemployment . fatalista
in my own country , where this sector accounts for 25 % of jobs in processing industries and 30 % of exports , where there are regions that are almost entirely dependent on it , with a consequent impact on the life of most families , thousands of workers and employers are viewing the future with hope and anticipation , but also with many doubts and fears . occupazione
as a result of this increased competitiveness , european industry and services will be able to grow and will therefore also be able to create more jobs . posti
in the absence of any positive measures by the commission , whose action plan to make the sector more competitive we examined in 1998 but has not been followed up in practice , some member states such as france , spain and portugal have taken steps to curb the exodus of jobs to third countries . posti
we can consider two things and the first of these is the satisfaction of a job well done . lavoro
ladies and gentlemen , we can be satisfied with a job well done every day , and even on fridays , and we can say this without being smug and with the peace of mind and conviction we have when stating something we are absolute sure of . lavoro
madam president , may i say that i fully endorse your speech earlier in which you said that one of our jobs is to provide the public with information about the work of the institutions . compiti
having shouted from the roof-tops during the german election campaign that with the socialist rise to power everything would change and a shining path would be embarked on leading to the creation of large numbers of jobs and thereby reversing the negative trend evident in europe for over ten years , no initiative was taken in this direction and no proposal was discussed with regard to the development of the european economy . lavoro
i believe that you have the necessary qualities to restore that trust , and i have no reason , at first sight , to believe that the various applicant commissioners are not also up to the job , whatever their political allegiance . altezza
it is on these bases that we will come to a certain number of conclusions , but it is not our job to treat you as if we were the judges at the final judgment . supremi
how many jobs could we create and how many more people could return than have been able to hitherto ? posti
we think that the council of ministers was right to inform the courts of justice , in accordance with article 213 of the treaty , which prohibits commissioners from accepting , even after leaving their posts , jobs which would place them in an awkward position , given their obligations to be honest and sensitive in these matters . incarichi
the union for a europe of nations group finds that the new code of conduct , touched on by mr prodi , is not up to the job . altezza
the council made all the relevant decisions relating to procedure to ensure the speedy examination of the commission 's proposals , bearing in mind the aim the council has to finish the job , if at all possible , before the end of the year . lavori
this has been evident in the lack of progress in the fight against the predominant problem in europe , the lack of jobs and the inadequate employment situation . posti
naturally , four years on , the result is that those who protested against the mini-budgets are now saying : ah , you have given the jobs to the taos , to the technical assistance offices ! posti
less centralised hierarchical control over social and economic affairs , with more delegation to states and to social organisations would create space and consequently greater clarity in job demarcation . compiti
fourthly , we are concerned that some are simply not up to the job . funzione
mr president of the commission , i believe you have a bigger job in front of you than your commission is aware . compito
mr president-designate of the commission , we welcomed your report on the enlargement of the european union , institutional reform , the consolidation and economic growth of the entire union , as well as sustainable development for the creation of jobs . lavoro
we are obviously not unaware of the fact that there is no consensus within the european union , and within this parliament indeed , on this work programme and programme to combat job insecurity and unemployment . precarizzazione
i subscribe totally to your programme , which is dedicated to glasnost , which is not about just tinkering with the institutions but about far-reaching reform , which strives for sustainable job creation through consistent liberalisation of the economy , which attaches a high value to the principle of subsidiarity and which considers it necessary to find adequate responses to demographic developments in europe . posti
while parliament must look at its own role very seriously , especially following the poor turnout in the recent elections in many member states - evidence at best of disinterest but more likely cynicism and disdain by our citizens - our job today is to respond to the hearing of the commissioners-elect and to the case put by the president-elect , mr prodi . compito
it is a good job that europe understands the importance of the balkans and i agree with you wanting to convey the urgency of the matter . NULL
if tomorrow you receive the approval of this house - and i hope this is the case - you have a huge job to do on behalf of all the citizens of europe . compito
so let us stop splitting up mothers and children , withdrawing residence permits from workers who have lost their jobs and attacking the right to asylum . lavoro
mr prodi ' s desire to pursue enlargement of the community , to give job creation the highest priority and to work closely with a the parliament on the intergovernmental conference are also encouraging . posti
if her strategy consists of discrediting the spanish government with falsities and furthermore displaying a deceitful , irrational and irresponsible sectarianism , she is showing a clear incapacity to understand her mission in this parliament - which is not to exploit the tragic death of a child - then it is truly worrying that her job has started in this way . esordio
i hope that this proposal will be acted upon quickly because as mrs morgantini pointed out there is urgency , teachers are losing their jobs or not being employed and education and medical help is essential . lavoro
do not worry , we are all rather new to this job . principianti
we were then reasonable and came to an understanding , and it is now our job to help people there in their development , which may perhaps run a similar course , but which can in any case offer them the possibility of a future , in which their existence is secure , and where they can take control of their own destiny . compito
we call on the council which will be meeting to make sure that the office for the facilitators is given the resources that it needs in order to be able to do that job . opera
i take my job seriously and i am sure all my colleagues have also come here to work , not to treat this place as a club , but to actually do their jobs as elected representatives . incarico
well i certainly had a better one before i gave up the day job a year ago , and every single member of this house has a much better office in brussels . lavoro
until then , we are asking you to do your job better . lavoro
wholesale liberalisation in germany is now already putting both biomass and solar projects under pressure and , in the social sphere , it will also , of course , result in our soon finding ourselves with a lot of little michelin-style incidents because jobs are being rationalised out of existence so that power companies ' share prices rise . posti
we need an export guarantee because , all in all , renewable energy sources mean many more jobs and better environmental protection . posti
and , of course , since these small and medium-sized companies have , with these new technologies , made a considerable contribution to the employment policy of securing jobs , it is also a question of continuing to support them . posti
we can create thousands of much needed jobs and we can allow gas and electricity suppliers to make their money in a more sensible way by selling the services which energy gives us - warm homes , cool fridges and machines which work - rather than selling increasingly large amounts of gas and electricity . posti
no night can be restful when millions have no jobs and are forced to beg and rob to ensure that they and their own do not perish from hunger . lavoro
increased prosperity and the creation of jobs in europe are an important consequence of this . posti
each measure that weakens our european fish-processing industry means large-scale job losses , mostly in regions which already lack infrastructure . posti
what we must do here is to look beyond the confines of absolute liberalisation , in order to guarantee the many jobs which are dependent on a balanced and regulated world market . posti
the commission , backed by parliament , must therefore commit resources to assisting developing countries and transitional economies , construct modern social protection systems and efficient job markets . lavoro
liberalisation is a prime example of a job creator . job
through liberalisation , hundreds of thousands of new and supplementary jobs have been created . posti
there is a sufficient number of studies which show that , for example , a reduction by 34,000 carbon equivalent units creates around 100 jobs in europe , and this is the route we should take in order to bring ecology and economics designed to increase employment more in line with one another . posti
what we need to know is the assessed impact on jobs in europe and the extent to which pollution might simply be exported to low-income countries which can ill afford to cope with it . posti
i fully support the point made by my epp colleague , mr bowis , that under no circumstances can we export our problem from the developed world by slapping taxes on our older plants with problematic emission standards and just driving those jobs and those particular production units to the less developed regions where they are less able to cope with environmental degradation . posti
those who will obtain jobs are not certain of it yet , but those who are losing them know a lot more about it , and , for that reason , unfortunately , there is much stronger lobbying from their side . infatti
the council is doing a good job and we hope that the commission will do likewise . lavoro
it should not be the eu ' s job to decide if taxpayers ' funds are to go to a church in christiansfeld or a golf course in north jutland . compito
the appointment of the director will obviously play a major role in the office ' s ability to do its job . operativa
i would very much like to thank my colleagues on the committee on legal affairs and the internal market for entrusting me with this job a week after i assumed my mandate , and i see a number of colleagues are here in support . lavoro
it is very difficult for parliament , as a decision-making authority , to scrutinise the chart of its own four thousand strong organisation and draw conclusions as to what new posts are needed for what jobs . posti
regarding the olaf staff , the commission will incorporate into its letter of amendment the proposal of the committee on budgetary control and the committee on budgets to provide 75 new jobs next year . posti
mr president , i took over the job of committee draftsman following the heart attack of mr desama who was originally to have done the work for the committee . cardiaco
the multifunctional tasks of agriculture relating to food , maintaining the countryside , nature conservation and tourism as a job sector of the future which will expand rather than diminish are a major concern for the whole parliament . occupazione
the number and quality of jobs is of significant added value to the eu and , as we all know , also plays a crucial role in enlargement . posti
it is not an easy job , there is never enough money , but it is one i would rather do than be the general budget rapporteur . compito
i do not criticise individual staff , but i receive too many complaints from prestigious organisations like the european youth orchestra , the european youth parliament , the yehudi menuhin foundation - renowned organisations doing a wonderful job for europe and our young people . menunin
if this part of the job is done , then the council can feel free to make new proposals to parliament on how we should conduct ourselves in matters of budgetary procedure . tranquillamente
first of all , mr virrankoski who has done a thorough job . lavoro
you may well be known as " batman bourlanges " although i cannot quite see you with a cape and mask , wearing underpants outside your pants , but you have done an extremely good job on the bats ! lavoro
the reason i feel strongly about this budget line is that it has an impact on the long- and short-term health of people , it addresses social deprivation issues and it impacts on the economy and jobs in my region . posti
commissioner liikanen advised this house that there will be approximately 1.2 million additional jobs by the year 2002 , but we will not be in a position to guarantee the necessary quality of staff . posti
we must train people and ensure that this labour market of 1.2 million jobs can be exploited in future , and that we develop programmes that will enable us to get people into work . posti
that is what creates jobs and new opportunities . posti
it will provide jobs in expanding industries which is the only sure guarantee of future prosperity . posti
these three successes are the prerequisite for economic growth , on the one hand , essential investment in the future , on the other hand , and creating jobs and making them secure . posti
it would be suicide , as today others have repeatedly advocated , to think that european leaders can put pressure on the central bank so that it will make up for their inability to relaunch the economy through structural reforms , liberalisation of the markets - the job market first and foremost - and tight budgetary policy which must be coupled with a reduction of the tax burden on people and firms . lavoro
mr president , european citizens are , first and foremost , interested in and , at the same time , concerned by the content of the policies of the european central bank , the european union and the member states - policies which give absolute priority to so-called monetary stability and the interests of major credit capital , at the cost of dramatic job losses and the total disintegration of the so-called european social model . occupazione
certainly , positive signs are appearing . we know that more gradual growth today is already enabling the creation of jobs in some of our countries . posti
well , we know that the rights he is talking about are simply the rights to a job and to a wage which affords a person a decent living . lavoro
these gentlemen of the central bank act like the spokesmen for the employers who are effectively in the process of reducing " rigidities in labour markets " by axing thousands of jobs , such as michelin , renault-nissan , alsthom , rhône-poulenc , and hoest marion roussel and many others even now , or by propagating the precariousness of jobs by means of wages which cast an increasing proportion of the population into ever greater poverty while the fortunes of major shareholders continue to grow . posti
they are doing a respectable job but it shows that the international system and who does what becomes distorted if the normal donors do not demonstrate a readiness to play their traditional role . lavoro
the outer circle would be the european council , whose intergovernmental institutions could be utilised better than they are at present by giving them new jobs to do . compiti
the objective of price stability is not an end in itself ; monetary policy must contribute to growth and the creation of jobs . posti
thus it is vital that the ecb finds another means of intervention , that there is effective democratic control over the way it operates , that priority is given in european policies to resolving the economic and social problems of the european union and of its member states , giving particular prominence to the policies of growth and job creation . occupazione
of course jobs are often created as well but much less is said about that . poca
the socialists are also asking for a report on the application of the european directive on collective redundancies , to be accompanied by proposals for improvements intended just to make it effective in defending jobs and employees . occupazione
companies ought to be free to take management decisions which will lead to growth and thus to more jobs being created . occupazione
after all , inappropriate social or economic commitments for companies lead to more unemployment instead of more jobs occupazione
the concomitant announcements of the axing of 7,500 jobs , the enormous increase in its profits , and the closure of the wolbert-michelin factory at soissons , described as a pr mistake by the company ' s directors , show to what extent cynicism and lack of respect are the driving forces behind this multinational ' s industrial strategy . posti
on the eve of the opening of the wto negotiations , we must remind everyone that any business strategy , including that of multinationals , must take the human figures into account , in the same way as the economic and financial figures , so that millions of european employees may keep their jobs and their dignity . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , i am delighted that we have been able to hold this debate in the european parliament on the tidal wave of company restructuring that we are witnessing and the massive job losses that accompany it . lavoro
contrary to the current tendency to deregulate everything , the european union can , if it wants , provide itself with instruments which will allow it to promote just such a policy , from the taxation of speculative transactions to the establishment of selective credit which will stimulate job creation and discourage mass redundancies . posti
that is why the management of the michelin group simultaneously announced the axing of 7,500 jobs and fantastic profits . posti
company profits are the result of the work of all its employees ; those profits should be used to maintain existing jobs as a matter of priority , and to create new ones , by sharing out the work without reducing wages . posti
yesterday , parliament asked president duisenberg to subordinate monetary policy to the need for growth in a europe which does not know how to reform itself , how to reform its economies or to liberalise the markets , especially the job market . lavoro
mr president , the european union must have a competitive industry , one that creates wealth and thus jobs . posti
in particular , the case we are discussing today should give the commission the chance to pledge today , before the european parliament , that it will make an assessment , a revision of the directive on redundancies and the closure of companies to make it more effective in terms of protecting jobs . posti
however , to those on the other side of the house , i would say that those people who tried to throw the textile machines into the rivers of manchester , in order to save jobs , were wrong because we live in an era which is infinitely better than the one which they wanted to preserve . posti
7,500 jobs are being destroyed , and that is an especially negative record for a company to set here . posti
to axe 7,500 jobs today , when neither a company ' s financial or industrial output allow us to attribute these redundancies to some kind of crisis , is quite unacceptable from the legal point of view alone . posti
mr president , first of all i would like to express my real and genuine sympathy to all those who lose their jobs through no fault of their own as a result of corporate restructuring . lavoro
but the best way to promote job security is for companies to be successful . occupazione
the consumer creates jobs through his decision to purchase products and services which are of use to him . posti
i should like to ask the commissioner to ensure that , where the european budget too is concerned , we have a situation in which more money is put into budget lines which promote jobs . occupazione
the advent of nuclear weapons has at least had the merit of forcing political leaders to take stock of the risks that their jobs may entail . correre
we certainly feel that we ought not to finance large-scale , expensive projects , but rather small-scale projects that the people of europe can identify with and which could make a tremendous contribution at the socio-economic level in terms of job opportunities . occupazione
to conclude , europe must not forget that investing in culture does not mean simply preserving a great legacy and our identity as europeans , but also the creation of many new jobs . posti
my reasoning is threefold : what substantive evidence do we have that the audiovisual observatory is doing the job that we want ? lavoro
although the sector may be run by large consortiums , we have to remember that its new jobs are created primarily for smes . posti
i echo mr gargani in saying that all of the issues that have been discussed around the chamber tonight seek to ensure that culture is seen as a priority ; that it is not just , for instance , the euro or jobs and employment that will bring a successful european project together . posti
of course , in the first place , the european parliament must , in this specific instance , strongly condemn the michelin management , and request that the firm reconsiders these job losses , and assure the group ' s employees of its solidarity . lavoro
obviously , the directive on collective redundancy procedure must be reviewed and measures which afford greater protection for workers and for jobs must be included in it . occupazione
employees are expected , with a gun threatening unemployment held to their heads , to underwrite increased profits and to accept humiliating agreements on terms , conditions and salaries , as in the michelin case , only to find that their jobs are eventually axed anyway . posti
cases such as that of michelin in france , of renault , grundig , siemens and texas instruments , amongst others , in portugal , have made it clear that it is crucial to strengthen european legislation and legislation in the member states in order to protect workers ' rights , particularly their jobs , and to prevent multinationals from continuing to act in an arbitrary way , in order to achieve greater profits . posti
it is particularly important that special attention is paid to the granting of any kind of subsidy to these companies , which should always be conditional on jobs being maintained , and weighty penalties must be provided for as well as the return of subsidies received if this does not happen . posti
next , we cannot make more concessions or give more compensation in the area of agriculture , and the current jobs in the fisheries industry must be guaranteed . posti
in galicia , specifically , you know that 120,000 jobs rely directly or indirectly on fishing and that the agreement with morocco especially affects three very significant areas : ribeira , o morrazo and a guarda , where there are approximately 150 ships and 1,500 sailors who depend on the signing of the agreement with morocco . posti
around 8,000 fishermen and 20,000 jobs in the processing industry are directly affected by this agreement . accordo
from the point of view of individual member states , there is a risk , not of inflation , but of excessive nominal pay increases , which will lead to a sharp decline in competitiveness and profitability in business and , consequently , to job losses . posti
but talks at an abstract european level do not create jobs . posti
mr president , the fact that so many of europe ' s citizens turned their backs on the eu at this summer ' s election is largely due to the fact that they did not think that the eu and the member states had succeeded in creating jobs in europe . dipeso
the tax system is still preventing new jobs from being created and , in fact , my own country , sweden , is an example of one country where this is happening . posti
laws and regulations in the labour market , too , are still an obstacle to job creation and , where this issue too is concerned , i can cite sweden as an example . posti
if the macroeconomic dialogue is to be fruitful and produce results , which is something we all want to happen , and if european countries together are to be able to provide better conditions for new job opportunities , then i am firmly of the view that all member states without exception must participate in emu . lavoro
the abb alston power trust is preparing to shed a large number of jobs in several countries within the union , in england , france , germany , italy and sweden , not to mention other countries in europe or across the world . posti
why then does the commission not use its authority to oppose these kinds of job cuts ? lavoro
alternatively , can the common currency , today ' s low inflation rate and the anticipated growth rate create the necessary framework for job creation within the european union ? posti
own-account truck drivers will work all the hours that they get because they are not sure when they will get another job . lavorare
mr president , parliament originally gave me the job of preparing a report on the proposed guidelines for member states ' employment policies 2000 . incarico
a second requirement is access to the capital market , especially for small and medium-sized enterprises , which create the bulk of new jobs through innovation . posti
promoting voluntary share ownership models for employees in conjunction with a clear reduction in administrative effort and a determined attack on the black economy could give a boost to job creation . occupazione
as i see it , alongside training one important option is a targeted reduction in charges in areas which have been shown to create jobs . posti
smes can play a key role here , as they make an important contribution to job creation and generally have enormous development potential , which must be promoted by creating optimum conditions . posti
the services sector is above all widely recognised as the sector with the greatest potential for job creation . posti
with that in mind , we in any case hope that we will increase the potential to create jobs , with less subsidised public sector jobs . posti
there are still too many long-term unemployed with no real prospect of finding jobs . lavoro
women and the elderly often do not fare well in that same job market . roseo
jobs are still badly distributed and investment into services is still very much lacking for example . lavoro
we are therefore hoping to create a link within the employment guidelines between creating new chances for the unemployed and new jobs on the one hand and the quality of those jobs and social protection on the other . posti
i urge us not to miss this opportunity of reinforcing the european employment guidelines and at the same of setting up a process of securing quality jobs and good social protection . posti
i therefore think it is a good thing that the commission has now seriously begun to emphasise the importance of local job creation . posti
the central aspect to the implementation of new employment must be a need to guarantee a fair distribution of job opportunities throughout each member state through the process of regionalisation and decentralisation . occupazionali
local job creation initiatives must be supported by national and european member states . posti
that is why i supported the leader initiative both now and in the past and why i support the new eu equal job creation programme . posti
this is also part of the process of decentralising the implementation of eu and national job creation initiatives . decentramento
this also means that we must address existing difficulties which act as an entry point for men , and particularly women , to take up jobs in the workplace , most particularly so in rural areas . occupazione
one such problem relates to the need to provide greater childcare facilities for women who take up jobs in rural parts of my country and indeed , throughout europe . lavoro
as such , the policy will need to focus on the local or regional job market . lavoro
at the same time , i fear that as long as our culture adopts the idea that you only count as a human being if you have a paid job , we will be left fighting a running battle . lavoro
i have never fully understood what is meant when reference is made to a job with a social content but , on the other hand , i definitely do know that a perspective of increasing employment by reducing the fundamental safeguards and fundamental objectives of social cohesion is not possible . occupazione
finally , there is one form of enterprise which is particular good at creating jobs ; i.e. cooperatives , associations , the third sector . posti
if employment levels have remained identical to the 1994 levels within the community , this is principally due to the massive loss of job security .  
in order to be effective , then , the guidelines should include quantifiable objectives enforcing job creation . posti
reduction of working hours without reducing wages , without job flexibility or insecurity , should be the order of the day as we approach the year 2000 . lavoro
the union should be ambitious in using money in favour of employment , monitoring public funds awarded to businesses , with a credit policy which penalises destructive practices and promotes job creation . posti
mr menrad has done a good job in difficult conditions , to be sure . lavoro
you might even say that , in france , the creation of jobs in retail was achieved in spite of government policy . posti
we also welcome the general call for a tax review for reductions in fiscal and social security burdens plus red tape , all of which increase unemployment and bear down on jobs . occupazione
however , we do not accept one key conclusion about the single currency , where it is stated to be fact that the implementation of economic and monetary union creates a good climate for new jobs . posti
different problems in different member states require different national solutions to create the right climate for their businesses to create jobs . occupazione
mr president , this is an interesting report and the proposals will no doubt be widely approved by the vote in parliament , but going beyond the commission proposals which simply , in my view , go over the luxembourg process again , there is one question which arises and that is why attention is not focussed on the monti report even though it clearly demonstrates that it is the lack of social convergence or fiscal convergence which is costing jobs in all the countries of the union . occupazionali
mr president , following on from mrs van lancker , i would like to say a few words regarding the modernisation of the organisation of labour , i.e. job improvement . posti
sweeping references to service sector jobs in the usa make the picture quite clear : everyone knows that these are mainly underpaid jobs with no social security net . posti
various analyses have shown that the member states have taken many sensible initiatives , that they are taking workers ' initial and further training more seriously than before and that new jobs have been created by means of this employment policy , and above all , mr brie , in the services sector . posti
our committee does not want to see new jobs in services with pay below the poverty level , as in america - we want quality employment in services also closely linked with production . posti
the main barrier to the creation of good quality jobs with associated rights is the existence of a stability pact which has criteria for nominal convergence that impose restrictions on public investment and influence economic and social policies . posti
what is needed , then , is a change in these policies , so that the priority becomes to establish clear objectives and produce efficient instruments for the creation of lasting jobs with associated rights , and to achieve a significant corresponding reduction in unemployment . lavoro
thirdly , we need to give innovation in education policy a boost , because many young people , and also the long-term unemployed , cannot find work on the job market with their qualifications , because they are not yet adequately qualified to cope with new developments in technology . lavoro
fourthly , we must make it easier to start up new businesses , and we should support the small and medium-sized companies that provide and create 80 % of the jobs in europe with a harmonised and coordinated fiscal policy , and remove the constraints on starting up new businesses . posti
the former creates wealth and so mention should have been made of services in the agricultural sector , whereas the latter , banks and insurance companies for instance , will lead to job losses and therefore other measures will have to be taken .  
in one case there is a lack of macroeconomic thinking , in another a failure to implement structural reforms , and in the third a lack of coordination between economic and employment policy.there has obviously been an increase in preventive measures such as integrating the long-term unemployed into the labour market , and in active measures such as incentives to seek work or create jobs . posti
in short , the four pillars of employability , entrepreneurial spirit , flexibility and equal opportunities are stable components of a framework to provide secure jobs in the future . posti
many jobs are still insecure and 60 million people are living below the poverty line . posti
in particular , this requires reform and modernisation of education and training which must be of benefit to everyone , without discrimination based on social environment or on the individual , and which must take technological and it developments into account , and a ferocious fight against all forms of unemployment and job insecurity . lavoro
imaginative measures must be found , which can be adapted to the diversity of the situations in different member states and which respect the dignity of job seekers . disoccupati
but beware lest we fall into the trap which some policies create , claiming that , just because they are unemployed , people should take any job going on the grounds that it is better to have a job which is not secure than no job at all ! lavoro
we have noted the european parliament ' s suggestion to bind the tax incentives to firms so that they will really contribute to job creation and not to restructuring and relocation which lead to redundancies , so as to avoid a repeat of the michelin scandal . posti
this is an eminently political subject where one can see the conservative right flirting with lack of job security and the forces of the left seeking to establish social convergence , stressing the link between employment , job quality and social protection .  
3 ) positive measures should be undertaken to encourage the young unemployed to find a job and to facilitate their integration into employment ; impiego
employment cannot be assessed simply in terms of the creation of jobs . it is important , above all , to consider the quality of employment , of education and the quality of training for all . posti
the only remedies proposed are aid funds for firms , but this aid does not , generally , create jobs . posti
the ministers of the environment then adopted parliament ' s proposal and now our job is to demand that industry adopts just as strict a line on nitrogen emissions . compito
the greatest act of violence is the serious effect of unemployment , but also the deterioration in the working conditions of those who still have a job . impiego
it is society ' s job - everybody ' s job - to make available the best possible support measuresand protection instruments . compito
we consider this to be especially important , and besides , it is part of a more wide-ranging issue which is concerned with preparing and accompanying the changes underway in the labour market , so that they do not produce negative results , especially as far as employees ' job security is concerned . lavoro
so finally i would say that when the second reading comes up , if we are serious about creating jobs , if we are serious about keeping our industries really competitive , if we are serious about encouraging enterprise , then some of us may feel we have gone too far and that it may well be time to draw a line . posti
this is what we have always maintained , in clear opposition to the repeated but inconsequential proposals for creating new jobs as a source of own resources . imposte
for we are not justified in undertaking an infinite number of reallocations and carry-overs and supplementary budgets when this gives the impression that we did not make a good enough job of our work to begin with . lavorato
the rapporteur has done an excellent job and has produced some excellent proposals . lavoro
he is only doing his job . lavoro
i have to say that since taking up this job eight weeks ago i have concentrated on the european union . incarico
the high representative and i have spent a good deal of our first weeks in our respective jobs considering together the terrestrial problems 30,000 feet below our aircraft seats - so much travel . funzioni
it is a big job . lavoro
i imagine that in terms of the community budget , they will be three jobs for one salary . incarichi
it has been said that he has three jobs but only one salary . incarichi
it is my job to point out previous failings and our inability to provide social balance in the world . insufficienze
but what about increasing quality of life , participation in growth development and the creation of new , socially acceptable jobs ? posti
the rapporteur did an excellent job of negotiating with the council , with the outcome that our three key amendments were accepted both by the commission and by the council . opera
our job must be to persuade them their present short-sighted approach will never deliver lasting peace in the caucasus , and we need to be swift and generous in providing the humanitarian assistance that is so badly needed as winter sets in . NULL
there are also a large number of jobs concentrated there - in the eu , in third countries and worldwide . posti
i should therefore particularly like to thank mr schwaiger , the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job in the way he has introduced the subject of securing the cultural heritage of europe into the report for the millennium round . eccellente
they did a marvellous job and let us hope that the summit in helsinki will indeed decide to incorporate the wider agenda we are proposing in the igc recepire
recently my country , the united kingdom , has been subject to an enormous rise in the inward flow of peoples and in my previous job as a central london hospital doctor i witnessed a significant degree of illegal immigration and fraudulent abuse of our generous asylum policy . lavoro
in germany alone , 21,000 jobs are threatened in shipbuilding along with 125,000 more in the supply sector . posti
from viana do castelo to margueira and mitrena , via dockyards in the areas of oporto , aveiro and figueira da foz the workers are demanding a policy of upgrading the shipbuilding industry , of protecting jobs that are stable , worthwhile and that offer proper wages and a policy of promoting the exploitation of existing potential . impiego
the union must not , therefore , on the basis of ill-advised notions of free competition , prevent states from promoting the conversion of manufacturing units with a view to preserving both know-how and jobs . occupazione
wherever you go there is a closed shipyard and thousands of people who have lost their jobs . lavoro
commissioner , employment plans are not much use if , on the one hand , jobs are constantly being lost in many of our sectors and , specifically , in the sector which we are talking about today , the shipbuilding sector , which involves 300,000 jobs in europe and around 45,000 in spain . posti
in recent years , as a result of european policies and the policies of successive governments , we have lost 6,000 direct jobs in the steel industry , 6,000 direct jobs in mining , 10,000 small agricultural businesses , we have lost jobs in the arms industry and we have lost jobs in the shipbuilding industry . lavoro
i am afraid to say , commissioner , that if we continue to lose jobs in the fundamental sectors of our industry , our institutions will no longer have any credibility . posti
for one thing is essential : it is not just the jobs that europe could still lose in this industry that are under threat . posti
if we continue to burden our jobs with taxes , as we have done until now , our employment policy will certainly be contradictory . lavoro
for example , spain still holds back from the all-important creation of the european limited company , the united kingdom safeguards city jobs by refusing to accept the harmonisation of taxation even as regards the taxation of capital , france would rather go to the community court than liberalise its electricity market as required by union legislation , the german chancellor breaks all the rules of the market economy and rescues a construction company on the brink of bankruptcy in order to gain political kudos in his home country , and the beef war against england continues far beyond the posti
you will have realised that , according to the ppe group , mrs torres marques has done a sterling job and we fully endorse her report . lavoro
for us as socialists , the community preference is therefore our commitment to the community fisheries sector , to our people , fishermen , fishing industry workers and shipowners who hope to be able to continue their activities and keep their jobs . posti
at least that would go some distance to compensate fishermen for the loss and fishing areas for the loss of jobs they have experienced . posti
one of the extraordinary things about fish is that while fisherman have been finding it difficult and jobs have been reduced , the price of fish , almost alone as a food product , has been increasing continually over the years to the consumer in europe . perdono
this report does not deal with the questions of the future , or at least with some of them , but i believe that our committee has done a good job and your report , mrs fraga estévez , deserves considerable support . lavorato
i welcome and fully support mr gallagher 's report : another good job done by that rapporteur . lavoro
mr president , commissioner , the eu did a good job in seattle . lavoro
in my own country of wales we receive significant money from the structural funds , but the line between creating a job and safeguarding a job is unclear and therefore it is difficult for us to assess how effective those structural funds have been . lavoro
what signals are being sent out to future leaders of the commission if those responsible for the scandals can just carry on in good jobs ? posto
it has already been said that we wanted more money because we believe that education and continuing education are particularly important for reducing unemployment , creating new jobs and making europe more attractive to business in terms of its economy , labour market and social conditions , as well as for an effective internal market , a prerequisite for which is a european educational area . posti
nevertheless , the rapporteur has done a marvellous job and what we have in front of us now is a coherent set of amendments , a coherent position that goes further than the common position , further than mrs flemming thinks we can go . lavoro
where it is clear that alternative substances are available which do the same job , the procedure needs to be carried out within the period prescribed . funzione
the gradual banning of hcfcs called for in the amendment , along with the well-founded scientific reasons , also recognises social reasons , because a lot of people risk losing their job . lavoro
three thousand jobs are given priority in one member state but not in others . posti
my special thanks go to suvi-anne siimes , for her role as person responsible for the council ' s budget , and who has really got to grips with her job and applied herself to it conscientiously . siimes
some expenditure certainly fosters employment by creating new jobs and new undertakings , some budget lines secure existing jobs and some budget lines destroy jobs . occupazione
we consider that a major opportunity to discuss the concrete contribution of the union to the creation of new jobs in europe will be provided by the coming lisbon summit in march , which will be the time and the place to make an evaluation of the three processes i have just mentioned , cologne , luxembourg and cardiff on one hand ; and on the other to define the strategy , the synthesis of macro-economic policies , micro-economic entrepreneurial innovation and the challenge of the new information society . posti
from the lisbon summit i hope we will get a clearer idea as to how the union budget can contribute to our common objective of creating new jobs in the continent . occupazione
mr president , first of all , i would like to say how much i appreciate the report by mr bourlanges , who has done a commendable job throughout this period , regarding the budget but also , in my opinion , regarding two of the main issues we are faced with . lavoro
in this discussion parliament has been more up to the job than the council . dimostrato
i think there is an urgent need to consider which budget lines can be used to create employment in europe , which budget lines can be used to secure jobs and which budget lines destroy jobs . generano
i think it is the right way forward , because this sector creates new jobs , presents the greatest growth and pays the most taxes . posti
i would like to thank my friend and the rapporteur , mr valdivielso de cué , for the wonderful job he has made of mediating and reconciling the various yet justifiable interpretations of the validity of the new instrument for economic cooperation with the new independent states and mongolia . ricucitura
it was a difficult job but the competence and tenacity of the rapporteur means that we can approve this measure . NULL
nonetheless , it will be a hard job to realise the present commitments . richieda
many sectors of the business world recognise that the undertaking to protect the climate also offers businesses the opportunity to earn money and create jobs . posti
by insulating buildings , it will be possible , in addition to improving energy efficiency , to also create up to 300 000 permanent jobs in the eu over a 10-year period . posti
i would like to say that i am sure the best wishes of parliament go to his successor , the chief executive , who has a difficult job , but one which i am sure he will carry out to the very best of his ability . compito
will she take that back to the council of ministers , raise it with her french colleagues in particular , and answer me , perhaps in writing later , unless she is able to do so today , about what can be done to ensure that these older pilots ' jobs are made safe . posti
if the honourable member would like to know more about the actual conditions relating to the transport of animals or bring the matter to the attention of the commission it would perhaps be better if he put his questions directly to the commission , as the express job of the commission is both to monitor compliance with the provisions of directives in force and act if compliance is not taking place . presentasse
we must be aware of the fact that 450 000 workers have lost their jobs at a time when the main problem facing the european union is how to combat unemployment . posto
i would also like to say a word of thanks to the rapporteur , mr murphy , who has done a sterling job . lavoro
i am not sure if we should go into this point too critically in public , given that jobs are at stake . posti
membership of the single market , the largest trading bloc in the world , is crucial for jobs in the north-west . occupazione
it is simply my job to try to preserve all the positive values that are embedded in them , avoiding at the same time some excesses that may be to the detriment of the reader . lavoro
