would it be appropriate for you , madam president , to write a letter to the sri lankan president expressing parliament 's regret at his and the other violent deaths in sri lanka and urging her to do everything she possibly can to seek a peaceful reconciliation to a very difficult situation ? lettera
these findings form the basis of the european programmes to protect the barents sea , and that is why i would ask you to examine a draft letter setting out the most important facts and to make parliament 's position , as expressed in the resolutions which it has adopted , clear as far as russia is concerned . lettera
yes , mrs schroedter , i shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when i have received your letter . lettera
let me also remind him that when his party leader , mr hague , was secretary of state for wales , he broke every rule in the book on additionality which led to a stern letter from commissioner wulf-mathies regarding regulatory requirements . lettera
the current notification instrument , ladies and gentlemen , no longer allows us to reach this objective because it does not guarantee that the commission is properly informed about the most serious restrictions - i would remind you that , in 35 years , there have only been nine cases in which the commission has decided on prohibition following notification in the absence of a complaint - nor does it guarantee transparency or provide real legal certainty for businesses which , in the majority of cases , receive a simple comfort letter . lettera
the disagreement and the correspondence to which you refer , commissioner , concern , first and foremost , another directive , namely the working time directive , but now we can foresee another letter of formal notice and further treaty infringement proceedings looming because the danish government does not intend , or has expressly stated that it does not wish , to implement legislation and establish universally applicable agreements . lettera
in spain they say a letter to the three kings . lettera
i simply wish to remind you that the european parliament has already sent a letter to the three kings through its reports . lettera
now the presidency and the council have to bring the presents which we have asked them for in our letter to the three kings . lettera
we thank mr seixas da costa , but he can also write his letter to the three kings . lettera
i have received your letter and have already contacted the british permanent representative . lettera
mrs banotti apparently promised to write a letter explaining why permission was withdrawn but so far no letter has been received . lettera
following a letter i received yesterday , i immediately informed the assistants that we would propose that they be allowed to hold a meeting or demonstration , probably in the near future and possibly in the next month . NULL
but there was some misunderstanding , for they did receive a letter from somebody else that they felt gave them permission . lettera
i commend to you the arguments set out in the letter from the legal affairs committee which sets out the position , in my view , with precision , clarity and commendable brevity . lettera
as for the rest , if you have any recommendations or suggestions on the involvement of a particular structure - i think you spoke of a cooperative structure - i am ready and willing , on the basis of suggestions from meps - you will be acting within your role and i within mine - to relay these suggestions , provided that they respect the spirit and letter of the structural funds regulation . lettera
as i did not fully understand the plan , i contacted the minister for economic and financial affairs , mr rato , in a letter of 14 december which i have here , to ask him for more information on the document submitted . lettera
listen to the resounding voice of solzhenitsyn in his letter to the americans , in which he says that the main cause of the weakness of western society is excessive pandering to legal individualism , an individualism which , far from allowing people to flourish , paves the way for future dictatorship , in fact the worst kind of dictatorship , because those whom it enslaves are not even aware of their terrible servitude . lettera
i think after her speech she will receive a cascade of letters from the chinese authorities . missive
she will be able to fill a filing cabinet with letters about what is claimed to be the real situation in china . lettere
agreement was reached in 1988 in the form of an exchange of letters between lord plumb and mr delors . lettere
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in letters dated 3 august 1999 and 3 december 1999 , the council called on the european parliament , pursuant to article 39 of the treaty , to deliver its opinion on a draft convention between the member states aimed at guaranteeing improved mutual assistance in criminal matters . lettere
the proposal , as formulated by the council and subsequently amended by the commission , provides for a convention based on three titles : the first lays down guidelines for ensuring the consistency of procedures and formalities for letters rogatory ; the second lists a whole series of specific requests for mutual assistance and defines the formalities and procedures which must be followed in relation to these specific types of mutual assistance ; the third and last provides for and codifies the procedures via which telephone conversations conducted by citizens in a state other than the one instigating proceedings can rogatorie
we are taking about criminal law here and criminal law has to be interpreted by the letter . stretta
finally , allow me to remind you that the third letter of the edd group to which i belong stands for ' difference ' . lettera
we should not overlook this fact : postal service is about more than just ferrying around letters and parcels . lettere
are we naively to grant ' freelance ' enterprises the right to operate selectively and therefore circumvent the weight limit very easily since the content of letters cannot , of course , be checked ? lettere
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , people used to be summoned to demonstrations by letter or telegram ; nowadays this is done by e-mail and via websites ! lettere
the solidarity and cohesion of people all over europe depend on the thought that you can post a letter anywhere and it will be delivered anywhere else , at an affordable stamp price . lettera
the state aid procedure covers the question of cross-subsidisation between monopoly letter services and commercial business parcel activities as well as the financing of deutsche post ' s numerous recent acquisitions . recapito
legislation and controls should not only be tightened up but also applied to the letter . rigoroso
in acknowledgement of my responsibility as a parliamentarian , i myself sent a letter to this effect to all the heads of government yesterday . lettera
regarding your letter to mrs fontaine about the ombudsman , mr prodi , do you consider that the ombudsman is bound by any principle of loyal cooperation between the institutions ? lettera
i also want to provide the following piece of information about your letter to the wall street journal , in which you refer to a seminar in april on openness as proof that the regulation concerned has been prepared openly . lettera
as far as we are concerned , there is no need for warnings in flashing neon letters on the front of chocolate packaging . lettere
there will perhaps be a discreet entry , in small letters on the back of the package , indicating its new composition . minuscoli
the designation on the front of the product states : prestige noir intense 72 % cacao and in gold lettering , which , in france , is quite something , chocolat belge . belge
there is no point in adopting conventions or directives if they are subsequently to remain dead letters for lack of inspection resources . lettera
the commission confirms the position expressed by the chef de cabinet of the commissioner for agriculture and fisheries on 11 january in response to a letter from mr galland on behalf of the coordination committee of the sahrawi support organisation . lettera
the letter which i referred to in my question was very unclear as to the european commission ' s conception of the coastal waters of the western sahara . lettera
for example , if a minister goes down on his knees , cut his wrists and writes a pledge in letters of blood that he will deliver the habitats directive in full within an agreed timetable , is she prepared to assist the region and provide structural funding in such circumstances ? polsi
this is what we confirmed in the commission this afternoon , and michel barnier will set out our decisions in a letter to the member states in a few days . lettera
in following up the letter sent to member states by commissioners wulf-mathies and bjerregaard on june 23 1999 , the commission will insist that , in the programming documents for the period 2000-2006 , there must be a firm and irrevocable commitment guaranteeing that the programmes are consistent with the protection of sites under natura 2000 . lettera
yet this is nonsensical when this information is written in small letters in an incomprehensible language on the back of the packaging . caratteri
it introduces a regulatory committee with the right of scrutiny for parliament and i quote from the letter which he sent me : " in the case of a codecision procedure based on article 251 , article 8 thereof " - that is article 8 of council decision 99 / 468 on comitology . lettera
i expressed my doubts , but , further to my supplementary question , the president-in-office undertook to write to me , before question time in february , a letter giving full details of where and how this information was readily available to the public . lettera
i have received no letter from the president-in-office , which confirms my worst suspicions about the obsessive secretiveness of the council . lettera
but my actual question concerns the fact that the president of the european commission , mr prodi , has sent a letter to the european parliament criticising the parliamentary ombudsman , jacob söderman , for having taken part in a public debate and wanting various documents to be widely accessible , as well as having presented his own point of view that there should be more public access to documents in the eu . lettera
the very policy which the eu and its member states are pursuing from within is leading to human rights being subverted and becoming dead letter . lettera
i agree with the statement made by commissioner barnier in a written reply to me when he said that the spirit of additionality rather than the letter of the law on the matter is an important consideration . letterale
the money is actually transferred and , regardless of whether the letter of the law is observed or not , the countries become the better off . letterale
mrs haug , allow me to congratulate you on your report and on successfully concentrating on the priorities , because i can imagine that you must have received a lot of requests , a lot of letters to santa , asking you to include everyone ' s pet concern . letterina
there are also some other areas which we want to tackle . these were listed in the letter , which i have mentioned , as set out by the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , and they were also contained in the letter , which your president has just sent to the council . lettera
the committee raised these matters and i have been asked to comment on them in the letter from your president . suggeriti
then , there was a press statement from europabio , which was not very helpful in this regard and , following which , i wrote a letter to the chairman of europabio pointing out that such an ambivalent position on the patent involved was not at all helpful in furthering people ' s understanding of biotechnology . lettera
in this context i would like to propose , in order once again to show the consequence of the proposals , a few follow-up measures , because it is not only e-mails which can be sent anonymously , but letters also . lettere
this is why all public post-boxes should be closed and it should only be possible to send letters at the post-office following official verification of id . lettere
but i too should like to say at this point that i do not see the letters drawing the commission ' s attention to the fact that companies may fold or jobs be destroyed following certain commission measures as an illegal attempt at intervention , irrespective of whether the letters originate in parliament or in a member state and regardless of whether they come from france , ireland or bavaria . indebito
we need no reforms for the purpose , we merely need to apply these provisions , otherwise they will remain dead letter . lettera
in the meantime , mrs fontaine received a letter from mr prodi , stating that the commission was tired of answering all the stupid questions from the committee on budgetary control . lettera
i sent him a letter congratulating him on his election and stressing the commission ' s genuine interest in cooperating closely with the russian government , but the chechnya issue was mentioned specifically . NULL
parliament received a letter from mr prodi in which he says , on behalf of the commission , that he has ordered proposals to be made for granting countless african products access to the european market at a zero rate . lettera
the dispute between what i might describe as a courageous private breeder from one member state and a breeding association in another member state , reflects shortcomings in implementation by member states of both the spirit and letter of related community law , in particular directive 90 / 427 on zootechnical and genealogical conditions governing intra-community trade in equidae . lettera
i will give the letter my utmost attention . lettera
i would like particularly to underline the point in the motion that parliament fully endorses the commission ' s statement that the spirit of additionality , as well as the letter of the law , represents a key consideration and is vital to ensuring that programmes have a maximum impact on the ground . lettera
since the debate - yesterday in fact - i have received a very courteous and helpful letter from mr barnier indicating that the commission is moving our way on this . lettera
as commissioner barnier has stated , it is as important to comply with the spirit of additionality as with the letter of the law . lettera
madam president , aside from the letter of the report , i want to draw attention to a few of the numbers contained in it . lettera
one of the things that she said in her letter - and i guess she speaks with almost more authority on this subject than anyone else - is : " the european union , together with member states , remains the biggest donor of food aid to ethiopia " . lettera
i would like to point out that 70 congressmen sent a letter to bill clinton in the united states asking him to lift the embargo , asking him to de-link economic sanctions from the military sanctions that are currently in place in iraq . lettera
a letter to a family in israel may have been enough to set this case in motion . lettera
requests have been made to send letters , but to no avail . lettere
the israeli minister for foreign affairs , david levy , sent a letter to various ministers , including the belgian minister , to point out that these people are in no way guilty of spying . missiva
mr posselt , the rules of procedure , which i have followed to the letter , are very clear on this and do not allow the electronic voting system to be used . scrupolosamente
i can tell you that i have indeed received mr wiebenga ' s letter and that this matter is on the agenda for tonight ' s meeting of the bureau . lettera
mr barón crespo , i can tell you that following the letter written to me by mr wurtz , i have already drafted a letter to the tunisian authorities , stating what you and mr wurtz wanted . missiva
i think that this is the right time to make your statement , if you want , which we can then append to the letter to the tunisian authorities . lettera
it goes without saying that before this letter is sent to the tunisian authorities , i shall discuss the matter with the chairman of the delegation for relations with the maghreb . lettera
i therefore fail to see why you should append the position of one particular group to the letter . allegare
if you need proof of this , you only have to read the countless letters which were sent to us when it became known that the european commission wanted to end this programme ! corrispondenza
from the wealth of letters and comments that i have received as a member of the legal affairs committee , i know it is not possible to please all interested parties . lettere
on behalf of the 31 delegates , i would also like to thank the commission which immediately expressed sympathy in the form of a letter from mr prodi to the municipality of enschede . lettera
i should briefly like to point out that the commission proposal includes a proposal for a letter of amendment on the budget 2000 . lettera
it keeps to the letter of the interinstitutional agreement with the commission and the council and takes full account of the stipulations of the court of first instance . rigorosamente
in relation to these and other cases , the commission consistently calls upon the people 's republic of china to comply with the letter and spirit of the united nation 's human rights conventions which it has signed ; to do so even before china 's ratification of those conventions and actively to pursue ratification . lettera
can the commission now confirm that it is investigating state aids to the nuclear industry as requested by the green / efa group in its letter to commissioner monti of 10 march ? lettera
the discussions were extremely thorough and it was only yesterday , at 8 p.m. , that i received mrs palacio ' s letter informing me of the committee ' s opinion on this issue . lettera
so that there is no room for error or misinterpretation , i would prefer to read you the letter . lettera
however , the committee has also noted , as mentioned in the letter notifying mr le pen of the decree , that the latter has the option of appealing to the french council of state . this appeal may be accompanied by a request to suspend the enforcement of the decree . lettera
monday ' s letter from the chairperson of the legal affairs committee - which is the one i know , because i have just been made aware of it - cited article 12 ( 2 ) of the 1976 act concerning the election of representatives of the european parliament , which reads as follows : " where a seat falls vacant pursuant to national provisions in force in a member state , the latter shall inform the european parliament , which shall take note of the fact " . lettera
i was very surprised by the letter which you have just read from the chairperson of the legal affairs committee . lettera
yesterday , i received a letter from the chairperson , which faithfully reflected what had happened in the legal affairs committee : following a discussion , it was decided not to recommend that parliament take note , leaving the issue on the table for further discussion . lettera
the letter which you have read reflects the personal motives which the chairperson and perhaps other meps put forward , but which does not reflect the point of view of the legal affairs committee . NULL
no new vote took place and therefore - i repeat - the views expressed in the letter which you have just read reflect mrs palacio ' s personal position and not the position of the legal affairs committee . lettera
i will read to you the letter that mr hänsch sent to mr hervé de charrette , the then french foreign minister , at the time of the tapie affair . lettera
i propose that we decide whether or not we want the legal affairs committee to draw up a genuine proposal , as some of you seem to think that the letter written to me by mrs palacio is not a proposal within the terms of the rules of procedure . lettera
it would be a clear infringement of the letter and the spirit of the decisions made by the heads of state and government about parliament ' s places of work , and this needs to be said here in the clearest possible terms . lettera
greece is welcome in euroland , and all member states in the euro zone must respect the letter and spirit of the stability and growth pact . lettera
firstly , the minutes state that mr medina ortega ' questioned whether the letter from the committee ' s chairman truly reflected the opinion of the committee as a whole ' . lettera
secondly , the minutes then state that mrs palacio vallelersundi ' confirmed that the letter faithfully reflected the committee ' s position ' . documento
madam president , i am grateful for the fact that - as i said to you in my letter last week - in circumstances such as these , you are diligent enough to defend democratic principles , rejecting acts of terrorism on behalf of parliament and expressing your support for the spanish government in the fight against this terrorism . lettera
on 7 june , i sent you a letter regarding the proceedings for monday 12 june , whit monday . lettera
contrary to what you tell me in your letter , this framework agreement will be tabled before the plenary part-session in july , not in the course of the present part-session . lettera
i wrote a letter with mr barnier to all regions of europe on that issue . lettera
even the six eu member states which two years ago signed a letter of intent on cooperation have still not agreed a framework agreement to implement that letter of intent . lettera
i would say this question was prompted by the very large number of letters i receive from constituents about this particular issue . lettere
it is perhaps the issue i have received more letters about in the last year than any other . lettere
maybe you can slide out of this example and say it is a member state talking to the commission and they send them a letter . lettera
by letter of 8 june 2000 , the council requested from parliament its opinion of the proposed council regulation amending regulation ( ec ) no 974 / 98 on the introduction of the euro 2000 / 137 ( cns ) and a proposed council regulation amending regulation ( ec ) no 1103 / 97 which lays down various provisions on the introduction of the euro 2000 / 134 ( cns ) before the european council in feira on 19 june 2000 . 974
i would like to ask you whether you are prepared to write a letter or contact the austrian government to express your concern about the restriction of the freedom of expression and to point out the obligations which the government has in this respect and which it cannot escape unilaterally . lettera
but we are also doing so , mr president , by remaining faithful to the letter and the spirit of the treaties , and especially to one article in the treaty which i have good reason to remember , the article guaranteeing the specific nature of public service missions . lettera
but since we have been promised these allowances in mr van hulten ' s letter , in the coming year i will be claiming the lost allowances from him .  
since the commission ' s proposal followed the wording of the directive almost to the letter , it received our support . lettera
the fact that 1101 letters of formal notice , 675 reasoned opinions and 123 referrals have been presented to the court of justice clearly highlight the difficulties inherent in applying european community law . 1101
the two reports quite rightly divide the subject of the application of community law into three dimensions : the non-transposition of community law and the incompatibility of transposition measures with the letter of community law and application methods . trasposizione
the 1998 figures show that reasoned opinions have doubled in volume , cases of non-conformity or poor application , revealed automatically , have gone up by over 50 % , complaints by 18 % and letters of formal notice by 12 % .  
the complaints were lodged through the most official channel by means of a letter from the permanent representative of cyprus to the united nations , ambassador zackheos , to mr annan on 5 june . lettera
we have all received a lot of letters , documents and requests for interviews over the last few days , nearly all from representatives of national railways and nearly all warning us , unisono against the compulsory separation of management and infrastructure called for in the proposals by the rapporteur georg jarzembowski . giorni
i assume that if i go to my office now , i will find the letter there and can sign it so that we can proceed accordingly . lettera
we all , i am sure , have letters saying that these regulations are impracticable , cumbersome , costly and far too complex . lettere
needless to say the commission will reply to president chirac 's letter and take a position on the issues he has raised . lettera
subject : mr gavin howard and the programme de développement de la région nord ( pdrn ii ) eec ( dg viii ) in a letter dated 2 february 2000 to commissioner nielson , i asked the commission to resolve the compensation problems of a uk national , mr gavin howard , who had previously worked as a technical adviser on an eu-sponsored project in the central african republic in 1996 . lettera
for example , they have replied to unanswered letters , made payments that are due and reversed previous unfavourable decisions . corrispondenza
i therefore believe that your interpretation of the rules of procedure is not according to the letter of the rules of procedure . lettera
i do not know whether george w. bush boasts of this record , but i do know - because he told me in a letter he sent me dated 22 march - that he is confident that he will be able to fulfil the highest obligations of a fair and errorless justice . lettera
we may well have done the right thing , but i fear , as the american herald tribune said recently , that these endeavours of ours are destined to remain unheeded , a dead letter , and so , the time may well have come - not for boycotts and sanctions , which are abhorrent to us - but , for example , to promote european tourism only in the dozen states of america which do not inflict the death penalty . lettera
who has actually seen mr pelinka ' s letter of resignation ? lettera
in a letter i sent to you on 1 september , i referred to various allegations in the british press about one member of this house , mr hannan , and the fact that he is alleged to have raised over gbp 100 000 for the ' no ' campaign in the danish referendum on the euro . NULL
i have indeed received your letter , and i have forwarded it to the quaestors , who will see what action needs to be taken in response to it . NULL
in your letter of 14 july it appears to me that this house is putting members ' health below that of the state of the carpets . lettera
i was quite shocked to receive the letter to say that ashtrays will be put outside the chamber , along with no smoking signs , because you have always been helpful in the past on this matter of smoking in this building . del
we will be coming back to that , not least when we have the opportunity of discussing the letter which the commission will be addressing to the budgetary authority as a letter of rectification to the 2001 budget , which will go right to the heart of the real resource problem we face , which creates so many political difficulties for us . lettera
the european union is therefore a unique guarantor , alongside the united states and egypt , as the representative of the arab world , that the commitments made will be honoured faithfully and to the letter . rigoroso
however , i want to specify that the council is , of course , prepared to re-examine agricultural expenditure this autumn in the light of the content of the letter of amendment the commission will be presenting and to reconsider , at that time , developments in market and rural development expenditure . lettera
as regards the commission ' s budget , the council did not make any decision in july , as it was awaiting the letter of amendment from the commission which has just been presented , so the council will now be examining that proposal and applying the lessons from the reorganisation work headed up by neil kinnock . lettera
the council is ready to do whatever is necessary to examine this letter of amendment so that its incidence can be taken into account as from first reading by the european parliament . lettera
we have now submitted a letter of amendment containing two key points : firstly a request for 400 new posts for the commission with effect from the year 2001 , and secondly , budgetary measures which will enable us to do without the vast majority of technical assistance offices , as per parliament ' s request , and , in particular , that of the committee on budgets . NULL
the 15 , and first and foremost the presidency , received a letter from mr gem a few days ago asking for the partnership between turkey and the european union which is now on the drawing board not to mention helsinki articles 4 and 9 relating to greek-turkish relations - in his words , border differences - and the question of progress on the cyprus issue . lettera
they received a standard letter from our local social security office asking them to attend for a two-hour interview and to bring with them as many items as possible on a non-exhaustive list of about twenty documents such as a passport , bank statements , or household bills to " establish their identity " . NULL
when i enquired further about this i was told that it was not an eu matter , because the same letter would be sent to uk residents . lettera
whilst i have some philosophical sympathy with senator hollings and his colleagues who consider that state-owned companies have some hidden and sometimes explicit advantages over their privately-owned competitors , the way in which congress in the united states is trying to address this issue is contrary to both the spirit and the letter of us multilateral commitments . lettera
i would refer the honourable member to the letter dated 20 june which she and a number of her colleagues received from president prodi on this very subject . lettera
in his letter the president made absolutely clear the commission 's commitment to all measures which safeguard children 's rights and mention a number of areas both external and internal where the commission was active on these highly important matters . lettera
in his letter the president also expressed the view that it could indeed be useful for the commission to evaluate if all member states have pursued the content of un convention on the rights of the child . lettera
according to article 2 , paragraph 2 , letter b of the regulation on forestry , these grants are reserved for farmers and other natural or legal persons under private law . lettera
perhaps not according to the letter of the treaty but certainly according to its spirit , parliament must be involved in any proposed policy measure . lettera
madam president , i sent you a letter on behalf of my group requesting an amendment to the agenda on the issue which you have just addressed in a most dignified way . lettera
commissioner busquin very kindly assured me of this once again in a letter this week , and that is why it is dangerous for us now to be weaker in the charter than in existing european union legislation . lettera
the report urges the commission and the council to ensure that the principle of differentiation , as defined in helsinki , is implemented to the letter , so that each country is judged on its own merits . lettera
commissioner , i say to you that without an action plan , without any indicators to see who is doing what , and how well they are doing , without assessment of progress , there will be so many discrepancies , so many complaints , so many letters in your post bag , so many students and teachers knocking at your door , and indeed so many meps lobbying you , that i suggest you will wish , even allowing for the constraints under which you work , that you had accepted the amendments i proposed and which i hope lettere
and i am quoting word for word from the letter dated 17 may that you yourself , madam president , read in plenary . lettera
our cooperation with the committee was excellent , which is why we can accept a large number of amendments , either to the letter or in spirit . contenuto
in conclusion , ladies and gentlemen , in order to respect the precautionary principle in both spirit and letter , should the articles and amendments which i have just mentioned not be withdrawn , then , as the wine growers themselves demand , we would have to fall in with the opinion of marianne isler béguin , and the committee on the environment , and vote against them . lettera
mr gollnisch , i can assure you that procedures have been respected absolutely , in both the spirit and the letter of article 12 ( 2 ) of the act of 20 september 1976 . lettera
this is the legal course that our parliament should follow in order to be consistent with its principles and its legal code , as well as with the letter and the spirit of the treaties . lettera
the same mr casaca , who tabled an amendment similar to mine which has my full support , pointed out in a letter - which you have all received - that paradoxical situations have arisen in the past and are in danger of arising in the future , in which urgent operations to assist disaster-stricken areas within our union are carried out by american marines rather than by europe itself . lettera
finland is one of the unfortunately few countries in the world that sign and ratify international agreements only when they can meet the conditions they contain to the last letter . clausole
i receive letters from time to time , one only last week from one of my constituents living in a remote part of the west highlands of scotland . ricevo
i fully support the letter written by my colleague , dorette corbey , which she has sent to our colleagues regarding this matter : there should be no misleading marketing regarding this written statement . lettera
the court of auditors ' report on the fair programme , from which the rapporteur ' s report arises , was only published in march this year even though the sector letters regarding the audit were first sent to the commission in december 1998 and february 1999 . lettere
you have evidently raised other issues too , including the problem that mrs langenhagen referred to in her introduction : the time that has elapsed between the sector letters being sent and the report being debated in parliament , the length of which can be attributed to the working relations between the commission and the court of auditors . lettere
since that time , measures have been taken regarding the internal organisation of our services in order to speed up , within the limits of the possible , the court ' s sector letter procedure . lettere
this would run counter to the spirit and the letter of the process defined in copenhagen for all candidate countries . lettera
we , in the conservative party , are looking into ways of ring-fencing competence which will run with the letter and spirit of the treaties and recognise the position of the member states at the heart of the european political process . lettera
subject : council reply to letter from the turkish foreign minister , mr cem in a supplementary question ( question time of 5 september 2000 - question h-610 / 00 ) i had the opportunity to ask the president-in-office of the council about the council 's response to the letter sent by the turkish foreign minister , mr cem , to the 15 foreign ministers of the european union in which he sought to promote his own interpretation of the helsinki summit conclusions . lettera
the president-in-office 's reply that he did not have the specific answer to this question and his general statement that the helsinki conclusions were the common point of reference of both parties certainly did not constitute an answer to the very specific observations made by mr cem in his letter . lettera
will the council give its response to the assertion in mr cem 's letter that in the partnership agreement there can be no link-up between the cyprus problem and eu-turkey relations and that such a link-up would constitute a violation of the terms of the helsinki conclusions ? lettera
the turkish minister for foreign affairs , mr cem , did in fact send a letter to his counterparts in the member states of the european union . lettera
the council did not receive a copy of this letter but the presidency has , of course , replied to mr cem and all of the member states were informed about the content of the reply given . lettera
i have a letter from the sister of another constituent of mine who draws to my attention that he has been in prison since 28 march 2000 on similar suspicion . lettera
he highlights the need to address the issue of health problems of tourists visiting other member states , and this is certainly a very live issue , as i know from the many letters on this subject i receive from constituents . lettere
i therefore urge you , mr president , to please ask mrs fontaine , as president of parliament , to send a letter to the turkish authorities , certainly in order to apologise for this shabby treatment of one of their representatives but also to remind them that members of the european parliament or indeed members of the candidate countries travelling to their country should not be treated in this way . lettera
mr president , i would like to draw the president ' s attention to a letter that we sent in connection with the statute for members of parliament . lettera
in this letter , mrs hautala made mention of our support and sympathy for the efforts undertaken by the president , mrs fontaine , to set up negotiations on our own statute as meps . missiva
our committee was very pleased to see the conclusions of the bourlanges report on externalisation taken up in the letter of amendment . lettera
the commission 's human resources are obviously not up to the new tasks entrusted to it , in addition to those it will have to assume in the future , and the redeployment proposed in the letter of amendment , which only relates to 4 % of staff , will not resolve the human resources problem either . lettera
in accepting the substance of the letter of amendment during the budgetary consultation procedure last thursday , the council proved that the other arm of the budgetary authority did in fact wish to support the reform of our commission . lettera
mr president , in his letter to the romans , the apostle paul exhorts his readers to allow themselves to be transformed by the renewing of their minds . NULL
letters and requests for information as to the state of play are either dealt with half-heartedly or not at all . NULL
moreover , in its letter amending the budget , the commission also gives a detailed opinion on the question of the technical-assistance offices ( taos ) , and i am very pleased to see that the ideas of the commission and those of parliament on the future treatment of this question run along the same lines . NULL
we are withdrawing the resolution since its content has been reproduced almost in full and to the letter in the joint resolution signed by the chairmen of the main political groups . letteralmente
the second important aspect of the council ' s second reading concerns letter of amendment no 2 , which enables the commission ' s new provisions in the field of agriculture to be implemented . lettera
the council has accepted this letter of amendment in its entirety and , out of the same concern to act in accordance with the most recent data available , the council has also accepted the european parliament ' s amendments on rural development expenditure , which demonstrate the progress that has been made in the adoption and implementation of national programmes . lettera
i am delighted that our institutions have been able to reach agreement on adopting , at only one reading , all aspects of this letter of amendment no 2 , which concerns not only agricultural expenditure but also the fisheries agreements and the inclusion of an estimated balance for the 2000 financial year in the preliminary draft budget for 2001 . lettera
in this respect , i welcome the agreement that has been reached at first reading by our two institutions to abolish the conditional entering of appropriations in the reserve , which had been carried out by parliament , for heading 4 , the performance reserve , and for heading 5 , with regard to appropriations relating to the reform of the commission , under letter of amendment no 1 . lettera
although agricultural expenditure , which accounts for almost half the entire budget , will increase by more than 5 % , when the letter of amendment has been taken into account , the overall increase in the budget is just 3.5 % . lettera
the presidency and a number of member states have already received various letters from the comité européen des fabricants de sucre ( european committee of sugar manufacturers ) regarding the commission ' s proposals , which they will take into account in their deliberations . comunicazioni
i am not going to give the old florus wijsenbeek argument : well , why should we be delivering letters up there - people should get on the internet . lettere
private operators will also be able to deliver letters at four times the price of a normal letter . lettere
at the same time , it is the country where the highest number of letters are delivered the day after they have been posted . lettere
the royal mail competes with other companies and delivers letters to me in malmö in sweden . mail
prices for posting a letter in sweden are 30 % higher than they are in the united kingdom . lettera
only 3 % of the letter market has been liberalised . corrispondenza
when i voted against the ban on the advertising of tobacco products in 1998 , my vote was misconstrued in letters to the editors of luxembourg newspapers as a vote against the prevention of cancer . lettere
i have received many letters about the fact that it is an emotive issue . lettere
regarding glenys kinnock ' s question concerning the link between this initiative and the cotonou agreement , i should like to say again that the commission entirely respected the spirit and the letter of the provisions of this agreement when it came to informing and consulting the acp countries . lettera
to prevent this provisional situation from turning into a permanent one , on 13 july of last year , the commission reminded the member states concerned in a letter , of their obligation to designate courts for the community trade mark . lettera
as far as those aspects of the case which pertain to provisions on public contracts are concerned , the services of the commission have made their position clear to the plaintiff in a letter which will be sent in the next couple of days . lettera
this would clearly violate the letter and spirit of the aforementioned decisions taken by the heads of state and government regarding the seat of parliament . lettera
not even a letter from the chairman of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , mr hatzidakis , was able to prevent the committee on budgets from giving its consent . a
hence i am happy to support the call by the commissioner for as much transparency as possible and the publication of the british government 's letter . lettera
the commission and the unhcr therefore demonstrated , on 6 july , the strengthening of their partnership on asylum and refugees through an exchange of letters between commissioner vitorino and mrs ogata . lettere
the reforms announced by president ben ali in november are precisely in the spirit and the letter of the last resolution adopted by this parliament , and what is needed now is for them to become a reality . lettera
i find this really quite dreadful : it contradicts the letter of the treaty , and i hope that it will not happen . disdicevole
madam president , if i recall correctly , following the resolution on tunisia which we adopted in december , president ben ali was supposed to have sent you , shall we say , a letter of courtesy . lettera
if this is correct , would you share the contents of that letter with us ? lettera
i have not received any such letter . lettera
we cannot understand the balkan way of thinking from letters , faxes and e-mails . lettere
at my meeting with the ecb , i was told that it had solved its problems especially relating to the bonus and this would not happen again and it would send a letter to the committee detailing its current bonus policy . lettera
as it transpires , this letter has never turned up , and that is a great shame because the european central bank should not really fear criticism from this institution . lettera
despite warning letters , reasoned opinions , threats of legal action to the european court of justice , so it embarrassingly continues . diffide
that is the first step : reply to the letters of the commission . lettere
premier hasina assured us that the chittagong hills peace agreement is being implemented to the letter . hills
let me , in all frankness and affection , confirm that i received the letter from the representatives of the group of the greens / european free alliance and - as they themselves know , because i spoke to them - i conveyed the message and made the letter available to the heads of government and ministers of the union . lettera
the letter was answered verbally and not in writing , but you are aware that the decision which the governments took was to continue along the route they had already undertaken in may , which was the time i actually received the letter . lettera
letters from any of the members of political groups in this parliament are always taken into consideration , and i would like you to be assured of that . NULL
i can refer to a letter from the organisation that represents the motoring clubs across europe , including , for example , the aa and rac , who are broadly sympathetic and supportive of our work , because they know that unless europe takes a lead on this issue , unless we begin pulling together the best of the ideas from across the european union , then the cities , towns and rural areas , will continue to suffer from unacceptable levels of congestion and pollution . NULL
some members may have been won over by the arguments set out in the letter on the matter from his excellency the ambassador of turkey , who again did us the honour of sending us what is now his customary letter in such cases , in which he stressed that the turkish government was handling the matter with the utmost seriousness and that parliament needed to leave superficialities to one side when dealing with matters as important as the prison system in turkey . lettera
the association agreements are dead letters in many respects . lettera
now , i feel that we must make human rights our priority , and i would therefore like to take this opportunity to ask the president of parliament to send a letter to the colombian authorities calling for respect for human rights and urging the government to make every endeavour to ensure , since it says that it is negotiating with the liberation army and the other forces , that any agreement reached will , without fail , include the immediate liberation of all the european and colombian citizens - both europeans and non-europeans - who are deprived of their lettera
mrs ghilardotti , the bureau takes note of your suggestion concerning the letter you wish the president of the european parliament to send , and will inform her of your request . lettera
furthermore , at parliament ' s request , in a letter annexed to the agreement , we have informed the other party , namely the united states . lettera
the idea of imposing sanctions against member states who are not efficient enough in complying with letters rogatory grossly contradicts the fact that many of the instruments adopted in title vi of the treaty on european union are not binding . infliggere
i refer to antonio gramsci who , in his letters from prison , outlined the objectives which men and nations need to pursue in order to safeguard a better tomorrow . lettere
the undertaking , confirmed yesterday in a letter from the commission to the members of the parliamentary delegation , is important in political terms but does not entirely make up for the delays in preparing a clear , well-defined proposal . lettera
i will communicate your speech to the president , and i can tell you that the president has received a letter from you and another one from mr berenguer . lettera
that was the sole purpose of the letter . lettera
in order to make that absolutely clear , i will readily provide copies of that letter and all other relevant correspondence to the honourable members as soon as i have confirmation from mrs gradin that she has no objection to that course of action . lettera
mrs gradin replied to my 22 november letter on 29 december and i wrote a further letter to her on 25 january 2001 . NULL
as i pointed out in that letter to mrs gradin , and as the house will be aware , the staff regulations applicable to all eu institutions make it clear that the commission as an institution and as an employer is legally liable to assist employees in defending themselves against attack . sottolineavo
my 22 november letters to mrs gradin and mr asp therefore related entirely to such legal obligations and considerations and to absolutely nothing else . lettere
as i made clear in my letter of 25 january to mrs gradin , whilst all liberties of speech are precious and must be upheld , the expression of certain opinions - for instance those that may be considered to defame others - can have legal consequences in all democratic societies , and have specific implications for the commission as an employing european institution . lettera
in that letter i also made clear beyond doubt that my letter of 22 november was not in any way an attempt to limit free comment or to prevent criticism of the commission either by mrs gradin , or indeed by mr asp or anyone else . lettera
i applied to mr kinnock ' s office so as to be able to study the letter before the debate , but i was told that i could possibly get to examine it after the debate . consegnata
i refer to the type of threatening letter which he obviously wrote and which mrs gradin understood as such , to judge from the statements she made to the swedish press . lettera
my second question concerns the fact that , if the commission wrote a letter to former commissioner gradin , it must have believed that she had in some way attacked an individual . lettera
you must obviously have thought she had done so , because you wrote the letter . lettera
mr kinnock refers to the letter to mrs gradin and mr asp . missiva
we have not of course read it directly , but a copy of the letter to mr asp - which i assume has been correctly reproduced - has now been published in the swedish media which , after referring to the television programme , state that mr kinnock wrote in the following terms to mr asp : " as you perhaps know , this statement has , fairly or unfairly , been interpreted as criticism of the commission as an institution . lettera
my question , therefore , is as follows : what legal basis is there for this letter ? lettera
mr president , i would like first of all to say to mr färm by that if he examines the staff regulations to which mr asp is subject , then he will see the basis on which he was written to by his former employing authority and he will see that what was said in that letter was entirely in keeping with the regulations and the requirements of communication - no more , no less . lettera
that is not what this question is about and it is not what my letter to mrs gradin was about , but he is a democrat and he will understand . lettera
the point that i made to mrs gradin , which i am sure she completely understands - especially since i explained in full in my most recent letter , simply relates to that legal reality and the proper discharge of the functions of the commission as a legally constituted organisation with obligations set down in law in the form of the staff regulations . lettera
he is entitled to those views whether they are right , wrong , substantiated or otherwise , but he will understand , i am certain , that all the actions taken in relation to people named in that television documentary , and one in particular , relate to the legal questions - as i emphasised in my letter to mrs gradin and in my earlier reply - and not to wider judgments which may be a matter entirely for mr andersson 's view and his own conscience . lettera
i will send him a copy of my reply and when i have the agreement of mrs gradin for the release of the letters that we exchanged , including my personal letter to her of 25 january , written in an official capacity , he can see it . corrispondenza
but i am sure that he will understand , as someone who observes the courtesies and recognises the basis on which a personal letter is written , that it is not for me to release a letter which i wrote to mrs gradin . lettera
i am not surprised at that - i know anita gradin very well - but until i have formal confirmation i cannot release the letter . lettera
i simply hope that mr gahrton 's powers of comprehension will advance greatly by the time that he reads the letter because he did not show much evidence in the course of his contribution of having any more than the most rudimentary understanding . lettera
has the commission at any point considered employing infringement proceedings , by means of a letter of infringement , so that the community citizens may realise that the commission it truly fighting for their safety and health ? lettera
mr carnero , when question time began , i pointed out the criteria , which are in the rules of procedure and the directives annexed to the rules of procedure and in the letters that the president of parliament - not of the sitting - sends to members . lettere
on this matter too , however , i would ask that we be given a more detailed explanation of the letter sent by commissioner byrne and commissioner wallström to the members of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy and stating the desire to provide citizens with better information on gmos . lettera
mr president , in connection with parliament ' s debate on the proposal for a directive on the approximation of the laws relating to food supplements , i have received hundreds of approaches in the form of approximately 500 signatures by way of protest and a long list of detailed e-mails and letters from ordinary , concerned danes and from professionals who are nervous that their access to food supplements might be limited . lettere
with regard to article 5 , which sets out the maximum quantities of vitamins and minerals in food supplements , according to letters a ) , b ) and c ) of paragraph 1 , i think it is necessary to keep these sections , as the approach that we should take in europe should be strict , maintaining control of the maximum level of vitamins and minerals based on the maximum safe intake levels . lettere
for example , we know of the letter by pierre sané , the secretary of amnesty international , to the commission and council at the end of last year , and also the threats in the last few days to akin birdal and the turkish human rights association , the persistent declarations by the turkish authorities on the situation of the kurdish people and the cyprus conflict , and many other matters . NULL
turkey will not become a member until it has fulfilled these accession conditions to the letter . puntuale
i have received a letter from mr correa in the division des activitýs des deputés , which says that the president instructs me to inform you that your question number such and such has not been entered for question time because questions are only accepted on condition that they do not contain assertions or opinions . lettera
in january , the newspaper frontier post published a reader ' s letter , following which the newspaper ' s staff were taken into custody and accused of blasphemy . lettera
that is all very pleasant , but there would also be a letter to be signed by the swedish president , the belgian president , mr prodi , as the commission president , and also by myself , on behalf of the european parliament . lettera
i considered that i could not single-handedly take the decision to sign a common letter of this kind . lettera
i have asked for clarification and am told that a letter has just arrived , to which i have not yet replied . lettera
mr prodi has just learnt of the launch of this initiative through us , and it is his own chief of staff who has provided us with the famous letter i just mentioned ! lettera
that letter describes the process , now under way , of negotiating with the turkish government concerning democratisation as a run-up to the whole application and enlargement process . NULL
we shall therefore vote in favour of this report , since it highlights the gulf between political statements and the progress that has actually been made , even if it does not always follow our logic to the letter . pensiero
madam president , judging from the correspondence which i have seen so far , and according to the letters which you had delivered to members ' post boxes today , it is quite apparent that you , or the head of your private office , i am not yet entirely sure which - had doubts as to whether the application for the removal of the immunity of mr berlusconi and mr dell 'utri , transmitted to this house via the spanish supreme court , was submitted in a proper and correct legal form . lettere
madam president , i would like to refer to the letter which you have received from spain ' s permanent representative , which you just mentioned . lettera
i have been a member of this parliament since spain joined the european union on 1 january 1986 and , for the first time , this parliament has established the precedent of a petition from a supreme court , not being delivered to the competent committee , but being replied to through the head of the president ' s private office , and the spanish ambassador ' s letter addressed to the head of the president ' s private office , as if he were a second president . lettera
letters from the supreme court are not replied to by the president of parliament , but by the head of the president of parliament ' s private office , and the spanish ambassador addresses himself to the head of the president of parliament ' s private office . lettere
if i were the council of state , i would write a letter asking the european parliament whether the head of the president ' s private office is the competent authority to establish what the competent authority is . lettera
in that context , the agreement proposed by fifa has not been signed by the commission , yet the commission in the letter which mr monti , as lead commissioner in this matter , sent to mr blatter stated that if the fine principles contained in the fifa proposal are put into practice then the commission may not have to issue a ban . lettera
but parliament ' s most important demand , in my opinion , relates to the revision clause which mrs jackson described , the clause requiring the commission to present a report to parliament after two years on the application and impact of the recommendation and , should it prove to be a dead letter - which i fully expect it to be - to present a proposal for a directive too . supporrei
you have produced a shorter letter so that we can understand one other better . lettera
as regards the report on cooperation between the courts of the member states in the taking of evidence , i want to say that , yesterday , i was waiting for the lift on the tenth floor of the tower , when a beautiful young european girl came up to me - confidentiality prevents me from telling you her name , i can only say that it starts with the letter m - and she said : ' bravo mr fatuzzo ! lettera
companies ' profits can dive if a letter or dot is put in the wrong place . lettera
we shall maintain close contact in this matter with the new american administration and we intend to send mr evans , us secretary of commerce , as soon as parliament has voted in the report , a letter in which i shall clearly explain the interests of the eu in this field , and i shall also make known to him the content of your report . lettera
this injudicious plan contravenes both the spirit and the letter of the framework directive on water . lettera
at the same time or more or less at the same time , heads of government tony blair and wim kok sent a joint letter to the swedish president of the council calling for an economic action plan to promote the european biotechnology industry and giving due emphasis to that call with a raft of suggested measures . lettera
in that respect the report stands in a number of areas in glaring contrast to the letter addressed by the british and dutch prime ministers blair and kok to the european council . lettera
this letter is too bogged down in rather hollow rhetoric on opportunities , whereas purvis rightly speaks up for the small and medium-sized business that is so important to europe . lettera
we therefore advocate the dropping of the court cases in south africa and the finding of an acceptable solution , and therefore ask the commission to retract its previous letter to the south african government in which the case brought by the pharmaceutical industry is supported , and to do its utmost to ensure the application of the trips scheme in the wto . lettera
as a matter of fact , this was precisely the thrust of a letter that i sent to the swedish presidency , in due time and with the utmost discretion , asking it about the possibility of the various member states adopting measures in conjunction with the portuguese and angolan governments which would facilitate or improve the likelihood of the immediate release of the hostages . lettera
without such a framework , the lisbon objective of a single integrated capital market , which we all want and need , will remain a dead letter . lettera
but most important - and here i address the secretary-general of parliament - is the letter which the president of my group sent to the president of parliament yesterday about the absolute need to have a multi-annual plan for enlargement before the first reading of parliament 's budget so that we can get a grip on what is likely to come in terms of expenditure in linguistic services and a whole range of other matters . lettera
this means that the letter of the commission 's proposal amending the regulation on the determination of member states ' payments to the vat-based own resource does not match actual practice . sulla
i sent a letter to the swedish presidency requesting permission to attend the ecofin meeting where the discharge is adopted . lettera
with regard to the specific question on transport , i shall pass this on to mrs de palacio , to see if this sort of ' one stop shop ' does indeed exist , but i can inform you that , as for all these research proposals , obviously we receive letters on a regular basis from inventors and people who believe they may have found a solution and these are of course sent to the administration department . lettere
subject : letter of intent / framework agreement what progress has been made with the letter of intent / framework agreement , signed last summer by six member state governments , to create an internal market for the procurement of defence equipment ? NULL
the president-in-office of the european council , the swedish prime minister , joined with the president of the commission , mr prodi , in writing a letter dated 22 march 2001 to the united states president , expressing great concern about the response from the american government regarding the kyoto protocol . lettera
this letter was drafted , i believe , directly after the meeting of the conference of presidents . lettera
if you do not have access to this letter , we shall , of course , put the matter right . provvederemo
in the report by the mep at the time , which is the report on the request for the waiver of immunity , it says ' given the request made by the spanish minister for justice ' , but when you look into the case , the letter from the minister cannot be found . busta
this therefore justifies the letter that i sent to you with the agreement of my group . lettera
are we perhaps to think that in this parliament , which drew up that letter , the official who drew it up is not able to tell whether something comes from the ministry of justice or not ? lettera
therefore , an assumption has been made , despite the fact that there is no documentary evidence , but assumptions have been made , and very strong ones , that in one way or another the letter was sent through the ministry of justice , because i cannot believe that the person responsible for drawing up that letter for the president at the time was not able to tell and would say explicitly in the letter that it came from the ministry of justice if that was not the case . lettera
however , you understand that , for myself , as a president who has been accused in an extremely unfair manner , it is nonetheless important , in the interests of transparency , that we are able to see all the unquestionable , legal facts before us , including archived documents , such as the letter from the then chair of the committee on legal affairs , for example . corrispondenza
immediately afterwards , i assure you that i shall make an announcement in parliament , as mrs vayssade specified in her letter , and i shall refer the matter to the committee on legal affairs . lettera
i have taken the floor today to call on the presidency to send a letter , or take any other measure it deems appropriate , with regard to what is happening to afro-colombian communities on the pacific coast of colombia at the moment . lettera
i appeal to you , mr president , to arrange for letters to be sent from the presidency to mr pastrana and to the european institutions to draw attention to the situation and to try to prevent even worse abuses . aggravamento
madam president , i should just like to ask you whether it would be possible for you to pass on to us quickly the letters which you have received and to which you have just referred , so that we can see the exact wording . comunicazioni
i have received piles of letters and e-mails . lettere
but when you write , commissioner fischler , in your reply to a letter from the chairman of the committee on agriculture and rural development that there is only one derogation from the 90-head rule in the new länder of the federal republic of germany and that the reduction there ought now to result in structural change , you are missing the point that the number of persons employed in agriculture in those regions has fallen in the last ten years from 800 000 to 150 000 . lettera
replies to the letters of verification are coming in as the ten month deadline for israel 's reply is expiring . lettere
in this regard the council and the commission are also to be praised for the fact that during the stockholm summit prime minister persson and president of the commission , mr prodi , sent a letter to the president of the united states that emphasised the importance of the kyoto protocol and stated in particular that its policy on climate is an essential ingredient in our understanding of transatlantic relations , and no minor issue . lettera
a letter has been sent to their authors explaining that pursuant to the rules of procedure , items already on the agenda are not dealt with during question time . as the house will be aware , the commission and the council have made statements on the serious issue of those turkish prisoners on hunger strike . NULL
let us hope that the problem will have been resolved by the next sitting , and that the community letter will have arrived . pervenuto
we hope to find out , in the letter of amendment which is to be presented following first reading , if not before , exactly what the costs arising from bse and foot-and-mouth disease are . originati
the letter of amendment is another possibility to consider for the presentation of this document . lettera
i would also like to thank the president for the sitting , mr vidal-quadras roca , for the way he conducted yesterday ' s debate , and mention a letter from mrs palacio , who reminds each of us that the legal bases underpinning parliament ' s decisions are not determined by strength of majority alone , but also by legal factors and assessments . lettera
as i asked in my letter , madam president - i ask you to make every effort within your competencies and to exert all possible diplomatic pressure on the kidnappers and the angolan authorities so as to create a situation in which the seven hostages can be set free . missiva
i challenge the way you carry out your role as president and i would inform you that we , i and some of my colleagues , will be sending you an open letter on the matter , for which we shall be ensuring wide publication in the french press . lettera
in particular it must be emphasised absolutely that the treaty of nice as a whole is fundamentally opposed to the spirit and the letter of the french constitution , a spirit which is the spirit of national sovereignty . lettera
one of the names of lloyd 's of london received a letter from lloyd 's criticising him for daring to raise this matter with the commission , and a rather threatening letter saying that it was a clear breach of the terms of an agreement . lettera
madam president , i do not fully understand your reply to mr schulz , since , according to your reply to my letter of 15 may , you acknowledge that you have received documents from the spanish supreme court relating to the request for the waiver of the immunity of mr berlusconi and mr dell 'utri , and that does not square with your reply to mr schulz . lettera
you will see how necessary this is from the letter written by many members of this house - i believe there were more than a hundred of us - and addressed to both the u.s. government and the council . lettera
the letter not only criticised the procedure adopted by the council but also the substance of its decision . essa
i also hope that many of the honourable members who signed the letter have come to see that this was not the right course of action . lettera
unfortunately , on 23 april 2001 these rules were suspended by the croatian ministry of justice , which argued that their constitutionality had to be confirmed . this is despite the universal view that they are consistent with the spirit and letter of the croatian constitution ( or fundamental charter ) . lettera
the prime minister also sent similar letters to the european court of justice , the court of auditors , the committee of the regions , the economic and social committee , the conference of community and european affairs committees ( cosac ) and labour market partners . scritto
it confirms that the importance formally attached to human and democratic rights must not remain a dead letter , that the progress achieved ( or not ) in this field must be assessed at regular intervals and that political consequences must be drawn from these findings . lettera
i have received many letters expressing a degree of alarm about the possible consequences of this proposal . lettere
unfortunately , on 23 april 2001 these rules were suspended by the croatian ministry of justice , which argued that their constitutionality had to be confirmed . this is despite the universal view that they are consistent with the spirit and letter of the croatian constitution ( or fundamental charter ) . lettera
this too is important if we want to ensure that sustainability is not just dead letter . contenuto
if it does not , then we will gladly comply with the wish of amnesty international that members of the european parliament take action against state torture , if only in the form of personal letters of protest sent to the authorities . lettere
although the dutch finance minister may well have stated in a letter yesterday to the dutch parliament that the directive should , in his opinion , be introduced , whoever seeks advice from the social partners in the netherlands knows better . lettera
if we do not create an attractive framework , this directive will be a dead letter because no one will use it . lettera
the commission received 18 successive letters from the plaintiff in relation to the project . lettere
i was told that this afternoon a lawyer ' s letter was going to be delivered to the prefect of alsace , to clarify the uncertainty over the problems between the ministry of home affairs and the french ministry of transport , since at the moment , the logical consequence of the regulations is that the vehicles used for taxi transport in the other weeks would no longer be available for use this week . lettera
under rule 8 of the rules of procedure , there has to be an exchange of letters between the european parliament and the italian government so that we can actually confirm his entitlement to vote and if that is the case , of course , it is a valid vote . lettere
the specific conditions for this participation , about which you may not be happy , are explained in a letter from the council to the european parliament of 18 november 1998 . missiva
we ought to play safe , and we will of course be able to be more precise in the letter of amendment in the autumn , including on the question of how much we shall have to pay from the budget for foot and mouth disease . lettera
i wrote a businesslike letter in which i asked her to come to us in the committee for budgetary control in accordance with our agreement between the commission and parliament . lettera
the letter has no other meaning . lettera
mrs schreyer , i am somewhat astonished that you read the letter in that way . interpretata
by way of a letter dated 20 july 2001 , i received a request from the spanish government , via the intermediary of the spanish permanent representative , for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of mr silvio berlusconi and mr marcello dell ' utri , which was drawn up by the spanish judicial authorities . lettera
hence our request to you to ask the president of the parliament , in a letter or message , to discuss this peace proposal as a matter of urgency . lettera
as i have already said , in the interests of greater transparency the commission is now publishing its decisions to send letters of formal notice , to issue reasoned opinions , to refer cases to the court or to close or withdraw cases immediately a decision has been taken . lettere
another element of doubt that makes the 2002 budgetary decision more complex is council ' s failure to respond to the 2001 letter of amendment no 1 on the implementation of early retirement schemes . lettera
it is essential to stress with maximum emphasis that a clear distinction must be made between the costs of meeting the commission 's carefully measured request for 717 new posts including 118 posts in delegations , submitted in the amending letter last september , and the far smaller gross costs of investing in reform . lettera
the new posts needed to enable the commission to fulfil its policy and operational obligations to 2006 , set out in fine detail in the amending letter and accompanying documents , will cost around eur 542 million . lettera
i should also like to regret the fact that , in a letter to the president of the commission , mr prodi , the president of the european parliament in actual fact went against parliament ' s own views on this point , as expressed in the harbour report . lettera
it is high time we returned to the letter and spirit of the oslo accords . lettera
perhaps you could note this in a suitable letter . segnalarlo
i wish that phrase could be plastered in massive letters on billboards around the united kingdom so that my fellow subjects could really understand what is really going on . lettere
this plan devised by the commission is contrary to the letter and spirit of the provisions that were negotiated at the time of austria ' s accession to the eu . parole
i should also like to take the opportunity to remind you that the council deems it desirable that the commission once again , as it did last year , submit a letter of amendments with the proposal to include in the final budget for 2002 an estimate of the surplus available from 2001 . lettera
we would ask the commission to submit a detailed analysis of the needs and to meet those needs , first of all by using the appropriations still left from 2001 , and secondly , by including the required appropriations for 2002 in its letter of amendments this coming autumn . lettera
with regard to the financial implications of the absence of a fisheries agreement with morocco , and the funding requirements to restructure the fishing fleet in question , the council has stated that it would reconsider the situation in the framework of this year ' s letter of amendments , which is required under the interinstitutional agreement . lettera
this reduction does not provide for the discussion of the letter of amendments , which the interinstitutional agreement prescribes , and which requests that particular account be taken of the development of the markets and the state of negotiations on the different common market organisations . lettera
i am going to remind you about one part , because when you spoke about looking at the letter of amendment and deciding what to do , in accordance with annex iv of the iia only the amounts entered in the budget for agreements , which have already been concluded by the community , can be considered compulsory expenditure . lettera
in the same way , by letter of 11 july 2001 , the italian government informed us , under the procedures in force , of the measures it had taken under the second sentence of article 2 ( 2 ) of the convention applying the schengen agreement . lettera
secondly , prime minister verhofstadt has sent a letter to his colleagues in the 14 other governments asking them to reduce the size of the delegations that would be sent to or would participate in the laeken council . lettera
this presidency has violated neither the letter nor the spirit of question time , the aim of which is to ask specific questions and receive the most specific possible replies . travisato
i think the solution adopted of partial revision , to which the ombudsman has also contributed with his final letter accepting the positions of the rapporteur , mrs almeida garrett , and the commissioner , is the best way forward , and in the future appropriate steps can be taken to carry out a more systematic and juridical revision of this statute , respecting community legislation and continuing to act in accordance with that principle of proximity and transparency which governs - and should continue to govern - the relationship between european citizens and community institutions . lettera
- ( nl ) many people in the netherlands have self-adhesive labels on their letter boxes against commercial printed matter . cassetta
we do not , however , associate ourselves with this joint resolution , of which we reject both the letter and the spirit . forma
pursuing a unilateralist approach is not a response to this deep-rooted evil . we should combat it with genuine cooperation on a global scale which respects the spirit and letter of the united nations charter . lettera
that is the spirit , and also the letter , of the tampere agreements and the treaty of amsterdam , although we should discuss the legal basis of the common asylum procedure and uniform status . lettura
on the other hand , mr watson , the commission is certainly ready to take into account either the spirit or the letter of certain amendments that aim to improve the applicant ' s protection without undermining the fundamental distinction , which i mentioned earlier . lettera
our vote against this report is an expression of our opposition to both the spirit and the letter of the schengen convention . lettera
for if his cultural relativism were really nothing but a misunderstanding , your letter and an appropriate response from mr berlusconi would be decidedly helpful . lettera
mr president , since the honourable member , mr berenguer fuster , raised a similar question last december , the commission has addressed a letter of formal notice to spain , france , luxembourg , italy and greece in which it recalled the need to fulfil obligations regarding the designation of community trade mark courts . nota
mr president , in reply to the oral question by mr alavanos , the letter of formal notice sent to greece to which the honourable member refers , concerns a recently initiated infringement procedure regarding the failure of presidential decree no 165 of 23 june 2000 to comply with directive 89 / 48 in certain areas . nota
the purpose of the letter of formal notice is to obtain the member state 's observations on specific questions . lettera
greece has not yet replied to that letter of formal notice and , therefore , no firm grounds for infringement procedings have been established as yet . lettera
the commission has , therefore , initiated a new infringement procedure , this time for incorrect implementation and application of the directive , and the letter of formal notice to which i referred just now has been sent to greece . lettera
i received the letter based on his proposal from the chairman of the committee , mr westendorp y cabeza , and i have sent him a detailed reply , which supports this initiative . commissione
any attempt to use the danger represented by terrorism to restrict or eliminate , by any means including union or national legislative instruments , the huge democratic waves of dissent and opposition to the dominant social and economic system which are now sweeping through europe and the world , must therefore be rejected , just as those legislative practices also referred to by mr barón crespo such as the italian laws on international letters rogatory , which are of practical assistance to terrorist and organised crime groups , must be condemned . rogatorie
and before making pronouncements on legislative affairs such as international letters rogatory , with which he is clearly unfamiliar , i would suggest that he read article 3 of the european convention on mutual assistance in criminal matters , signed right here in strasbourg , where he will find answers to his unfounded concerns : i would advise mrs napoletano , who also is clearly unfamiliar with this provision , to read it as well . rogatorie
the commissioner replied that he had written to the greek authorities on 7 june 2000 asking for information on the extension to the petrola plant but that the greek authorities had not yet replied to the letter in question . lettera
mr president , on behalf of the liberal group , i wish to say that we believe the stability and growth pact is an essential pillar of economic stability in the euro area and in the union more widely , and should be respected in letter and spirit . lettera
yesterday , an italian news agency reported a letter sent to president fontaine by mr tajani regarding the speeches made during the debate of the extraordinary council of 21 september by mr barón crespo and myself . lettera
first of all , i would ask you to check and find out whether the president received this letter . lettera
in addition , i gather from the agency - because i have not read the letter - that our president is being asked to do something improper , which is to take an initiative in defence of the italian parliament . lettera
having said that , i should like you , mr president , to inform mrs fontaine that , before the end of this part-session , we would like to know if and how she intends to respond to mr tajani ' s letter . lettera
i refer to the letter that i sent to the president yesterday . lettera
however , you referred to a letter that mr tajani had sent to me . lettera
i have not yet been able to read the translation of his letter , which i received towards the end of the morning , as the letter had to be translated and that was difficult to do overnight . lettera
of course , i will only be able to take a position when i have had the opportunity to read the letter that mr tajani sent to me . lettera
i will take this opportunity to call again for the creation of a specific development fund for the overseas countries and territories , separate from the european development fund , which i am convinced would be more in keeping with the spirit and the letter of the association . lettera
it would be all the more surprising if there really were a letter from commissioner verheugen , confirming that the temelin plant is completely safe . lettera
mr president , in my two years in this parliament i have never received such a barrage of letters of complaint as i have about this report . lettere
could you , mr president , give me an assurance that the bureau will look at this again and also invite the vice-president of the commission to speak to the bureau in order to amend the letter that was agreed last night ? lettera
they took a decision to write a letter to mr prodi and therefore there are still ongoing discussions on this matter . scrivere
mr president , can we take that as an assurance that no letter will be sent until the bureau has met again on thursday , because that is what i think the house would like to hear ? lettera
i cannot tell you the status of the letter . lettera
this is why we have been asking for information since at least march of this year , so that we can make an informed decision , both on the 2002 budget and on the letter of amendment . lettera
during the conciliation meeting of 20 july , parliament sided with the council , and i have every faith that , once we have discussed the letter of amendment which the commission will be sending us shortly , we will reach an agreement through which we will be able to cushion the effects of the different crises . lettera
when we analyse the final appropriations to be included in the 2002 budget , we must obviously take account of the most recent data in the letter of amendment concerning agricultural expenditure . lettera
i should now like to turn to a second point which , according to the interinstitutional agreement , is also pertinent , in the framework of the letter of amendment which the commission will be sending us shortly , namely the financial implications of the delay in the fisheries agreement with morocco , together with the funding and restructuring of the fishing fleet in question . lettera
in this connection , i should like to point out that the council , at the time of compiling its draft budget , did not have a full overview of the situation , and that it stated that it would review the situation in the light of the letter of amendment in the autumn , which is prescribed according to the interinstitutional agreement . lettera
the council will do this as soon as it has received the letter . lettera
as for the letter of amendment , to which some of our discussions in the coming weeks will relate , i should like to note that the council expects a balance estimate for the 2001 budget year to be included . lettera
in this connection , the council recently sent you its letter of amendment no 1 for 2002 . lettera
we have now moved on a bit , and the commission will next week be adopting the letter of amendment . lettera
the letter of amendment that we will be laying before you concludes by saying that we can release the reserve and that we require less expenditure on agriculture than our calculations had originally provided for , so that a fairly substantial margin remains . lettera
in the letter of amendment that the commission will be discussing next week and then presenting to you in due time , this reserve is released . lettera
we are working on the assumption that the letter of amendment will be the right basis on which to adjust individual areas in preparation for second reading . lettera
firstly , in terms of agriculture : we do not believe in having a reserve - we already have some money which has already been made available and a letter of amendment on its way , and i feel that it is quite sufficient . lettera
we will act accordingly in the first instance , until the letter of amendment has been presented and we have an overall view of things . lettera
we also support the strategy of the general rapporteur in relation to the new demands , the commission ' s letter of amendment , where it refers to the mobilisation of the flexibility instrument in order to finance the new structural needs , the restructuring of the spanish and portuguese fleets which fished in moroccan waters , which is awaiting the proposed funding the commission has promised but has still not presented . lettera
commissioner , in announcing a letter of amendment , you reminded me that this is the same procedure as every year , with , first , the spectre of a budgetary crisis being conjured up , and then the discovery of room for manoeuvre in the agriculture budget . NULL
i know many of my colleagues in the chamber receive all sorts of letters and e-mails from around europe saying it all must go to this one organisation . lettere
after all manner of talks with representatives of the council and the commission we have received a letter from the council that may , with a little goodwill on our part , be interpreted as a rehearing of the parliament . lettera
report ( a5-0330 / 2001 ) by mr costa neves , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2002 ( c5-0300 / 2001 - 2000 / 2324 ( bud ) ) and letter of amendment no 1 / 2002 ( 12733 / 2001 - c5-0495 / 2001 ) to the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2002 ( section iii - commission ) lettera
madam president , on tuesday mrs morgan raised the issue of the letter that the bureau sent to mr prodi on reform of the commission , taking a very different stance from the position taken by the commission . lettera
since the beginning of september , we have intervened in this matter on four separate occasions : first orally , then by e-mail , following which all the finnish members signed and dispatched a letter to the quaestors on 2 october ; finally , i raised the matter once again during the first session in october . lettera
there is also room for the argument that , if an italian or austrian citizen writes to one of the eu institutions , and his letter is promptly recorded in a public registry , he would certainly not have reckoned with that and might react differently from a swede , who would treat it as a matter of course . lettera
the commission for its part has sent the danish authorities a letter whose effect was to postpone the possibility of adopting the proposal until 6 september 2001 . lettera
i hope that the commission will seek further contact with the danish authorities over and above the letters they have already sent , to ensure that a reply is received quickly . corrispondenza
so i hope she will watching closely when the spanish government comes to the commission seeking billions of pounds in structural fund support for a project which seems to me to directly contravene the principles if not the letter of the water framework directive , one of the commission 's greatest achievements . lettera
mr president , as someone who has consistently called in this house for an early report from the presidency on the progress of our own staff reforms , can i be the first to welcome the fact that we received a letter from the president yesterday on this subject . lettera
it was an undated letter but i assume it was issued yesterday . lettera
mrs fontaine says in her letter : " i believe the time has come to provide all members with the fullest possible details " . lettera
i am afraid this is not the " fullest possible details " , since half of it is a letter to mr prodi . lettera
i do not have the letter in front of me , but in it the president has pointed out that the conference of presidents and the bureau were fairly unanimous in the point of view they have adopted . lettera
this position does consider the interests of the public but is unpopular with the union des industries chimiques , a french employers ' organisation which , in a letter to members of the european parliament , protests about the constraints that we are attempting to impose on companies that manufacture or sell chemical products . lettera
i must say that i accept most of your amendments , in both spirit and letter . forma
nonetheless , i am sure that the proper procedure will be followed to the letter because greece is at the vanguard of the 15 in providing the necessary guarantees for all citizens brought before its courts , irrespective of where they are from . osservate
we know from experience that , for example , matters of social security , are best decided at the level of the individual nations and that the principle of subsidiarity has to be followed to the letter . rispettato
we have already made a request to that effect by letter to the president . lettera
the recent letter from the people ' s assembly on this matter is inopportune but significant . lettera
i would like to raise one final point , that is the letter that the speaker of the egyptian parliament has written to us . lettera
more important for me , however , are the numerous letters which i have received from scientific academies , medical companies and patient associations begging us not to clamp down on such promising and hopeful research . lettere
madam president , after the motion for a resolution on egypt had been prepared , we received a letter from the speaker of the egyptian parliament which we would rather not have received . lettera
" expressing its regrets concerning certain paragraphs of the letter from the president of the people 's assembly of the arab republic of egypt on this resolution " . lettera
madam president , we would all be very happy to see the letter referred to by mr sakellariou , and we would be very grateful if the competent services could distribute it . lettera
for our part , as italian members , we shall still make every effort to persuade our government to change its position and agree to extend the european arrest procedure to all the crimes included in the european commission ' s proposal and to give up the extradition procedure , which would be a patent violation of the spirit and letter of the commitments unanimously and formally adopted in ghent and brussels in the emotional aftermath of the tragic attack on the twin towers . lettera
i wrote to mrs aelvoet on 13 june 2001 - and that letter was signed by 20 members of this house - requesting a meeting with her to raise the question of the fraudulent importation of cat and dog fur products into the eu from asia and china . lettera
we received no reply to that letter . lettera
i raised this issue with her : she said that she had written to me and had extended an invitation to the meps who had signed the letter with me to come and meet her in brussels . lettera
when i returned to brussels , there was no sign of this letter . lettera
i wrote for a third time to mrs aelvoet requesting the letter and have received no reply . lettera
i find this a grave discourtesy to the members of this house who signed that letter and i also find it astonishing that a minister in the eu presidency should come before a packed meeting of an intergroup and say that she has written to me when she knew full well that this was a lie and no letter had been sent . lettera
i was wondering whether you have had any reply to that letter . lettera
as you will see , the letter does not , unfortunately , give an entirely satisfactory response regarding the people who are being detained . arrestate
i should like to thank you , madam president , for writing a letter to the greek authorities about the plane spotters , and for what you said today . scritto
however , we discovered - on the internet , in fact - that this debate is going to be based on an exchange of letters between a representative of mr bush - a mr forster , i believe - and mr prodi . corrispondenza
parliament does not have a copy of these letters , although we can read them on the internet , in which the united states government demands europe take forty or so measures to cooperate with the fight against terrorism . quarantina
i think that , for this slightly rushed debate to be held in more favourable conditions - the debate is , however , scheduled for wednesday - it would be helpful for parliament to obtain a copy of the letter that the united states government sent to mr prodi and mr prodi ' s reply . lettera
finally , on a lighter note , with regard to institutional reform , i would like to inform mr barón crespo and the other four group chairmen that i replied to their letters on 5 december and that my response bears the reference number 850511 . lettere
in any case , for my part , i duly replied to the letter , as is my custom . lettera
draft general budget for 2002 ( as amended by the council ) and letter of amendment 2 / 2002 lettera
( a5-0400 / 2001 ) by mr costa neves and mrs buitenweg , on the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2002 as modified by the council ( all sections ) , and letter of amendment no 2 / 2001 to the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2002 ; lettera
as far as agricultural expenditure is concerned , letter of amendment 2 has been adopted in its entirety . lettera
moreover , the council has restored the proposed amounts in the preliminary draft budget for the budget lines which were cut at first reading and to which the letter of amendment refers . lettera
i am also delighted that our institutions can reach agreement on the points of this letter of amendment which pertain to expenditure for rural development , fisheries agreements and the inclusion in the budget of the surplus available from the previous budget year in the sum of eur 1.2 billion . lettera
as far as the external policy is concerned , the council has not only increased the budget items covering asia and tacis by eur 66 million compared to the draft budget , it has also adopted letter of amendment 2 concerning international fisheries agreements . lettera
i have seen the letter that commissioners schreyer , kinnock and de palacio have written , where they state that the conditions for release of the reserve have been met . NULL
it is somewhat regrettable that the commission has failed to seize the opportunity to include parliament ' s proposal in the letter of amendment at this stage . lettera
mr president , on monday , when the sitting opened , i asked for members to be provided with a copy of the letters exchanged between mr bush and mr prodi . epistolare
we did in fact manage to find mr bush ' s letter to mr prodi , sent a whole two months ago , on the internet , but we still do not have a copy of the reply mr prodi sent at the end of november . lettera
furthermore , it seemed that our committee on citizens ' freedoms had agreed on the need to see this letter . lettera
monday was the classic example ; in the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , we met specifically to have important debates on the european arrest warrant and on cooperation with the united states , which involved an exchange of letters between presidents bush and prodi . lettere
we note that there is a famous exchange of letters between mr bush and mr verhofstadt - some 40 us proposals on what we could be doing to improve our capacity to fight against terrorism . lettere
we autonomous members see it as a dangerous sign and therefore we have addressed an open letter to all autonomous and independent movements that are fighting for the principles of freedom . lettera
i must say at this juncture that the council is applying the institutional convention provisions to the letter . trattati
what security in laeken will mean was learned by the people , who , in the run-up to the summit , got a letter in which the police in göttingen advised against participation in protest actions and threatened that disregarding this advice would meet with preventive measures . lettera
the murder victim carlo giugliani probably did not get such a letter , any more than did the people who were beaten up and shot at in the diaz school or on the streets of gothenburg . lettera
i believe the rules of procedure should be obeyed to the letter : this applies to the left , the centre and the right ; it applies to everybody , because it is the rules of procedure that dictate civilised coexistence in this house . assoluto
mr president , on monday evening i asked mrs fontaine to make the exchange of letters between mr bush and mr prodi available to all members . epistolare
the next day , during the meeting of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , the commission representative expressed surprise that members had not seen mr prodi ' s letter of reply to mr bush . lettera
these letters have still not been made public . lettere
in plenary this morning , mr vitorino acknowledged that this exchange of letters was not private and that mr prodi had replied in the name of parliament as a whole . epistolare
before the highly important vote we will soon be holding on relations between europe and the united states , i would urgently ask for the exchange of letters between mr bush and mr prodi to be made available to all members . corrispondenza
mr krivine , i am informed that mrs fontaine has not received a copy of this letter . lettera
nevertheless , if necessary , the commission should not hesitate to extend the special purchase scheme for beef - a programme which was set up in the aftermath of the bse crisis and which expires at the end of the year - by six months , either through an sab or a transfer of appropriations , even though it is proposed in the letter of amendment no 2 to cancel the billion euros initially earmarked for any additional needs related to bse . lettera
this year , the european commission presented a proposal to mobilise the flexibility instrument which , for the first time , respected the letter and the spirit of the agreement . lettera
it has finally been accepted and that is thanks to the president of the committee of the regions , mr chabert , whom i had asked to send me a letter . lettera
i have signed the letter of withdrawal and prepared the speech of withdrawal and regret that the last vote started with my name . lettera
after a letter from mrs fontaine , a number of members of this house and from myself , as acp co-president , that death sentence was not carried out , and an appeal can be made within two months . NULL
the actual introduction of the euro is a red letter day for those of us who want to see european integration and economic development . storico
the introduction of a specific travel permit that allows travel for a maximum period of six months , whilst not spending more than three months in the territory of the same member state is planned for these categories of people , which complies fully with the letter of the treaty . lettera
here they are in the president 's statement and in the letter that commissioner bolkestein addressed to the chairperson of the committee on economic and monetary affairs . lettera
the commission has stated this morning and in the letter i sent on 2 october to mrs randzio-plath , chairperson of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , that it is most willing to practise that openness and transparency . lettera
i think it should also be clear , mr prodi , following your statement and also mr bolkestein 's , that we will also take care to ensure that mr bolkestein 's letter of 2 october to the committee will also , as an interpretation , be part of this protocol . lettera
i consider the letter necessary because we must not differentiate between states , but must do our utmost to ensure that the stability pact is applied to everyone equally and with its full weight . lettera
one of the very significant initiatives , such as the one i proposed to you in an open letter that i sent last week , and the essence of which mr cohn-bendit has just partly taken up , could be to invite president arafat , and possibly shimon peres , to the european council and to the european parliament and , if mr sharon dared to defy the european union by using force to prevent our guest from travelling , to organise a joint visit by the 15 foreign affairs ministers to ramallah and to clearly express an opinion on lettera
the general affairs council approved the recommendations in our letter on 19 november and asked the new special coordinator , dr buseck , who took up the reins on 1 january , to assess the current activities and working methods of the pact and to identify five or six objectives to be achieved by the end of this year . lettera
furthermore , we have had a common definition of terrorism thrust upon us , one that is destructive of freedom and which , if applied to the letter by a leader like mr berlusconi , could lead to trade union activities , such as strikes within the public services , being classified as crimes . lettera
for this reason the author of this question - in line with the main human rights organisations - considers that any future agreement between the eu and the usa must observe the spirit and the letter of article 19 of the charter of fundamental rights , since the death penalty remains in force in the usa and , furthermore , military tribunals are to be set up . lettera
the union ' s delegation stated , amongst other things , that the european union ' s assistance would be conditional upon all the afghan groups unreservedly applying the spirit and the letter of the petersburg agreement , the objective of which is the creation of a broad-based , multi-ethnic , fully-representative government committed to acting in favour of sex equality and improving the situation of women . clausole
the commissioner , as he told us , wrote a letter to the presidents of the various countries , reminding them of the ' n + 2 ' rule , that is , that funds may disappear after two years of not being executed . lettera
however , i personally deplore the fact that , despite the request made by france , the commission has not stated that it is in favour of a longer derogation period , which would have been a more appropriate way to reflect the economic logic of this matter as well as the letter and the spirit of the notorious article 299 ( 2 ) of the treaty . lettera
in september 2001 , 11 members of the eritrean opposition , including several former ministers who had published a letter calling for a return to democracy by the ruling party , were arrested by the government . lettera
let me ask in conclusion : when will the commission , as guardian of the treaties and thereby obliged to watch over the member states ' commitment to europe as a community based on law , send a warning letter to member states which jeopardise the rule of law ? lettera
the minister of justice , however , forwarded the request for waiver of immunity , together with the forwarding letters from the public prosecutor at first instance and at the court of appeal , without attaching any further remarks . lettere
with others of my fellow meps , i associated myself with this letter by signing it . lettera
there are no grey areas and , even if the letter were to prove at all ambiguous , the substance is clear , commissioner , and we call upon and expect the commission to abide by the text in its work . lettera
i would like to send the commission a copy of a letter which i received from the swiss musicians federation about a hearing in 1996 , which shows very clearly , mr pronk , that damage to hearing is always to be taken seriously , regardless of whether someone works in the construction industry , ceramics , or a music company or orchestra . rivista
since , to the best of our knowledge , mr curry had not contacted us in advance to notify us of this new appointment , the director-general for personnel and administration sent him a letter asking him to clarify his situation further and reminding him of his obligations under the staff regulations . lettera
these reforms involve better internal use of information technology and a quicker dispatch of warning letters to member states . lettere
commissioner , i received your letter today after your visit to ireland , but the last point you raised , which your letter failed to address , relates to the lack of resources in the legal unit of the environment directorate to deal with complaints . lettera
i recently received 35 letters from anxious consumers . lettere
the letters were written by people who said that they benefited from taking multi-vitamin tablets and that they had heard that the european parliament would ban them henceforth . lettere
i , like many british meps , have received many letters from people in the region that i represent . lettere
these are not circular letters that they have just signed , they are letters that they have written themselves . lettere
on the contrary , i , like mr blokland , have a stack of letters which testify that many do a great deal of good . lettere
i should also emphasise to mr blokland and others who make reference to being lobbied by consumers who have written letters , that may be the case . lettere
is it not possible to send a letter from france to denmark or the united kingdom easily and inexpensively ? NULL
the human rights clause is too often allowed to remain a dead letter for fear that its implementation would jeopardise the success of particular economic or trade agreements . lettera
this is why , unlike mr radwan and contrary to the letter of the report , i believe we cannot continue to operate within the bounds set by the present treaties . radwan
very briefly , the question which i had on the order paper today has been dealt with by mr de miguel in an extremely courteous , helpful and kind letter to me , which i received this afternoon . lettera
i am sorry that i am not able to finish ; i will conclude this dialogue with mr huhne , now by letter and i hope , later on , orally . iscritto
firstly , this amendment is not necessary , given that the commission has already accepted amendment no 1 , which makes a clear reference to the declaration of president prodi at the last part-session of this parliament on 5 february and to my letter of 2 october 2001 to the chairperson of the committee on economic affairs , mrs randzio-plath . lettera
let me state unequivocally that the commission will fully respect - and to the letter - the commitments it has made in its declaration in plenary , as well as in my own letter to mrs randzio-plath . lettera
we consider amendment no 10 to be redundant given amendment no 1 , which refers to the resolution of parliament and my letter to mrs randzio-plath . lettera
but we would have been a great deal happier if the barcelona european council could have said that it welcomed the commission 's approach in wishing to send two member states of the european union a warning letter , which , as we all know , was ultimately blocked by the finance ministers because of the specific attitude of one member state . lettera
this quite simple precept will cause huge headaches , particularly in view of the fact that the member states are becoming increasingly accustomed to receiving substantial ring-fenced rebates of unused resources from the agricultural budget ; these bonuses are particularly welcome , since they can save some countries from the prospect of an admonitory letter from brussels . monito
in the run-up to the council , mr romano prodi sent a letter to the heads of state and government , setting out what - and i quote from that letter - ' the commission expects from the barcelona european council ' . lettera
mr president , i only wished to say that i sent a letter to mr cox last week to inform him about a disaster which struck the island of tenerife , specifically the capital , santa cruz de tenerife , where unfortunately , as well as the material damage , seven people lost their lives . lettera
firstly , with regard to the danish initiative , the council refers to article 31 , introductory line and letter e ) of the treaty on european union whereby the authority for common action on judicial cooperation in criminal matters is given , and whereby e ) provides for progressively adopting measures establishing minimum rules relating to the constituent elements of criminal acts and to penalties in the fields of organised crime , terrorism and illicit drug trafficking . lettera
we all know , however , that a number of these texts are ' dead letters ' due to a lack of effective penalties . lettera
additionally , the commission should , in my view , reconsider the amendments that have now been adopted in a letter , and all my fellow meps should receive a copy of what should actually have been said in the debate . lettera
while the convention is examining the division of competences between the eu and the member states , this draft text requires community law to be extended beyond the letter of the treaties . lettera
i hope that the name of this mysterious member state neighbouring germany does not begin with the letter ' f ' . lettera
we must recognise that this request is a dead letter and that , with the notable exception of the united kingdom , european leaders have imperturbably continued to decrease defence spending on a regular basis , thus stripping their declared will of all credibility . lettera
he cites to me in letters his problems in dealing with the european patent office and the litany of hurdles he has to go through to obtain a european patent . lettere
his comments are summed up in his last letter to me some weeks ago : " the process is clearly designed to discourage small inventors and favours large business equipped with legal and patent expertise to navigate its treacherous bureaucracy . " lettera
over the last few days , industry has written some angry letters , because a decision in the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy missed the target , namely how can we prevent free-riders in future when it comes to new products ? lettere
a policeman has even had a letter published stating that the right to demonstrate is written into china 's constitution and that it needs therefore to become easier to obtain permission to demonstrate . in
china will need to observe the letter and spirit of the regulations of the world trade organisation . lettera
he had to leave earlier this afternoon and he forgot to sign a letter asking for me to take his question on his behalf . lettera
there is no precedent for this if a letter from the member in question has not been received . lettera
secondly , a letter that i received this week informed me of a site funded jointly by the ministry of health and the ministry of education . documento
one hundred and twenty researchers have published a letter in the guardian , demanding that israel be barred from cooperating on research with the eu . lettera
we understand that mr gargani , as chairman of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , has sent a letter this morning to the president stating that committee has concerns about legal administrative questions . lettera
to this end , prior to the barcelona european council , the president of the council and the commission , mr aznar and mr prodi respectively , addressed a letter to president putin . lettera
nevertheless , it seems to be clear from your words , and especially from your statements to the press in recent days , that you have no intention of changing a single letter of the proposal . virgola
this letter accordingly gave a clear political undertaking on the part of the republic of cyprus to issue certificates of origin at the request of turkish cypriot exporters . NULL
for its part , the council considers that the legal instruments it has adopted should be fully applied in letter and in spirit . toto
mr papayannakis and mr lannoye have produced very good reports , and if they really were implemented soon , in spirit and letter , both in europe and in other parts of the world , they would make it possible for us to look to the future with greater confidence . spirito
in a joint letter of yesterday , they therefore urge the president , mrs megawati sukarnoputri , to mount a truly independent inquiry . lettera
and we are doubly convinced that an explanation is in order following the article on the commission 's decisions in today 's press and the massive criticism of the commission 's decisions voiced in an open letter by the commissioner in question , commissioner de palacio , who was clearly put under pressure by her government and who obviously did not attend the crucial meeting of the commission in person . lettera
but , my dear mr schulz , your comments would have had more credibility had you also criticised the fact that , when it was in line for a blue letter , the german government put so much pressure on the council of ministers that in the end the letter was not sent . lettera
i should like to make it clear that it is perfectly normal for a commissioner to write to a colleague in the run up to a decision , although the choice of words in this letter was unfortunate . lettera
mr president , i shall take up where the commissioner left off ; in any eu country , if a minister writes , on the very day that a decision is taken , a letter such as the one the vice-president of the commission sent to the commissioner , without going to the council , there would be a governmental crisis , and the prime minister or president would have to dismiss one or both or these . lettera
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am sure that you too will have received the letter from the various citizens-rights groups dealing with the very point that has now become key in this directive . lettera
as , incidentally , i also did in a still unanswered letter i wrote together with my fellow mep , mrs kauppi , from finland , i would most strongly urge commissioner lamy to initiate a wto procedure against south korea straight away . lettera
the race for profits in the world economy makes it necessary for us to adopt practical measures to ensure that the social principles laid down at political level do not remain a dead letter . lettera
let me quote from the letter from the mayor : lettera
against my own advice the legal affairs committee held that further and clearer information was required and a letter was sent requesting such information , to which i understand no reply has yet been received . lettera
this is a pretty poor show and i have written a letter drawing attention to this shabby state of affairs - which will , no doubt , not receive as emollient a reply as yours did . lettera
recommendation for second reading , in the form of a letter on the common position adopted by the council with a view to adopting a european parliament and council regulation amending council regulation ( ec ) no 577 / 98 on the organisation of a labour force sample survey in the community ( 6241 / 1 / 2002 - c5-0181 / 2002 - 2001 / 0127 ( cod ) ) ( null ) lettera
like the rapporteur , i believe that most of the considerations expressed by the european parliament on these issues , in its previous report , since the treaty of amsterdam modified the uniform electoral system in accordance with the general principles of electoral law , appear in the spirit and the letter of the text before us today . lettera
in its letter set out in official journal c 98 of 23 april 2002 , the commission addressed to greece an ' order to provide information on the implementation of article 10 of council regulation ( ec ) 659 / 1999 lettera
in it , you make the critical observation that , if another letter of amendment on agriculture is to be submitted in the autumn , then that might perhaps be brought forward . lettera
whether the country concerned is large or small , any violation by it of the stability and growth pact must mean that a warning letter is actually sent and received , and i call on us all to defend the stability of the european currency . lettera
this is a proposal which promotes fraud and which is a flagrant violation of the spirit and the letter of directive 2001 / 18 / ec , which was adopted last year . lettera
as long as we face problems of enforcement , we should rather concentrate our efforts on good cooperation , both within industry and public authorities , in order to improve safety in practice and not by the letter of the law . contenuto
surely the leaders of the western world would have supported a programme to address the causes of hunger : poverty , conflict , disease , sanitation , bad governance , man-made disasters , and inadequate local food production and distribution , the very points that you , commissioner , raised in your letter of 20 june to mr diouf on the failings of the summit . lettera
this , coupled with the commission 's insistence on abiding to the letter by the gatt agreement and agenda 2000 , which ban any increase on plant protein crops , reveals in all its glory the hypocrisy of the commission , which is using every environmental excuse it can under agenda 2000 in a bid to reduce agricultural output . rigoroso
if they enjoy a monopoly position , it is important to guarantee the independence of the regulator in each member state so as to ensure that the safety level is applied to the letter . lettera
mr president , the answer to this question is that , as commissioner fischler has already indicated in various letters to members of this house , in early autumn he intends to publish statistical information on the recipients of direct payments , classified according to the amount . lettere
the council would like to request the commission to state the anticipated surplus for 2002 so that this can be factored into the 2003 budget via a letter of amendment . lettera
the commission is now being given the opportunity to re-evaluate its estimate in connection with the autumn letter of amendment . lettera
in a nutshell , this means strict adherence to the letter and spirit of the bonn process as well as to sound macroeconomic and financial management . lettera
i have letters which show that vietnamese prisoners have been released following pressure brought to bear by parliament and the european union . lettere
mr president , i completely disagree with the questioner and should like to emphasise in no uncertain terms that there is no question of any breach either of the letter or of the spirit of any international agreement whatsoever . lettera
we are well aware of how they are to be interpreted , and i could not contemplate taking responsibility for any breach at all , either of the spirit or of the letter , of any convention whatsoever . lettera
i have no intention of infringing either the spirit or the letter of any international convention whatsoever . lettera
it is nevertheless clear that it is not parliament 's aim to defend its amendments to the letter but rather ensure that there remain no grey areas in eu legislation , where public participation would be justified , but not possible . lettera
mr president , a letter was sent from commissioner patten to the president of parliament yesterday asking parliament to adopt , as quickly as possible , supplementary and amending budget no 4 in order to allow the budgetisation of the eur 70 million for afghanistan . lettera
on the basis of the letter from commissioner patten , could i ask you to consider the vote on the sab 4 as an urgency , so that we can adopt it during this part-session ? lettera
the meps to the right claim that we can apply the protocol to the letter , but if we do , we must do it properly . lettera
for eight years , therefore , my web site , bonde.com , has contained a letter from an office in the court of auditors to the commission , and it is the most alarming letter i have read in my 30 years in the eu . lettera
that is also the reason why mr howitt has not missed anything , even though i did not have the opportunity to reply to his last letter in time . lettera
well , despite the fact that parliament has insisted on this aspect , despite the fact that the commission , as guardian of the treaties , including cooperation agreements , made a commitment to ensure that these agreements are respected to the letter , we still , as if nothing had happened , continue to conclude and maintain projects , programmes and funding in countries run by dictators . lettera
the letter reminded me of a drug addict in denial , addicted to subsidies . lettera
as you know , at the end of october the commission will be tabling a letter of amendment to the pdb for the eaggf guarantee section so as to take account of the very latest macroeconomic forecasts and recent legislative developments . lettera
i would repeat , however , that this can only be a general indication of the content of the letter of amendment ; it is too early to anticipate what it will say . lettera
the letter of amendment in the autumn will go into more detail on how the funds are to be split between the budget line and the reserve . NULL
here too the commission has made a proposal in the letter of amendment to use the flexibility instrument . lettera
all of this was done within the current framework , a framework referred to explicitly in president prodi 's letter agreeing to parliamentary participation . lettera
that was another reason why we were not able to move ahead quickly on this and you , commissioners , signed a letter in which you tried to readdress the question of the role of nuclear energy in this partnership . lettera
both through bilateral contacts and at a meeting with the united states ' secretary of state , colin powell , we have , as i mentioned , made it very clear how important it is to us that the spirit and letter of the rome statute should be respected . spirito
firstly , are not agreements within article 98 point 2 consistent entirely with the letter and spirit of the icc statute ? lettera
this is apparent from the letter written by mr powell to the individual countries , and also from the remarks he made to the european union at our ministerial meeting with him . lettera
are not article 98 agreements in line with the spirit and letter of the rome treaty ? lettera
without going into details , i have a letter here from mr prodi to one of my colleagues . lettera
i am heartened , however , by the lead that the danish presidency is trying to give and i would like to thank minister frederiksen in particular for a most helpful letter that he sent me on 18 september . lettera
when i reread the letters and speeches i had written during the 2001 budgetary procedure , i wondered whether i was suffering from the curse of cassandra when i saw how often the fears i had expressed had subsequently become reality . lettere
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , although i very much welcome today 's debate , i would like to put it on record that i see the summons to you , mr president of the commission , to come to parliament today , as amounting to a blue letter in response to your latest utterances on the stability and growth pact . ammonimento
consequently , in spirit - not in letter but in spirit - the stability and growth pact can be no better or worse than the maastricht requirement in question . lettera
clearly , we in this house have to discuss the issue of the spirit and the letter of the pact , with due regard for the pact and within the constraints of the current situation where we have to apply it to both large and small countries . lettera
today , she has , however , received a letter from the miss world organisation , encouraging her to take part in the light of the fact that one of the vice-presidents of the european parliament - and it was in actual fact yourself , mr imbeni - had encouraged the candidates to take part and so abstain from a boycott . lettera
this basically means that when one sector or another needs to lay down provisions in its field , it must respect the spirit and the letter of the charter . lettera
the letter and the spirit of this report are quite simply unacceptable . lettera
the council sent a letter which promised that if the european parliament accepted the total package of compromises , the council would lay down the common position accordingly . lettera
i am of course acquainted with the criticisms of cesr , the committee of european securities regulators , and with the open letter from journalists ' associations concerning its work , but i want now to point out that it has no legislative authority , and cannot , therefore , impose binding rules on the way journalists work . lettera
the amending letter will be put before the house next week . lettera
we note the letter of 23 october from the iranian ambassador to the eu , assuring us that there have been no cases of stoning in recent months and that directives have been issued by the competent authorities for the cessation of this process and are being observed . NULL
this is why i was against the decision to send a letter to north korea to reconfirm the invitation for the parliamentary delegation to come to brussels this week . lettera
as mentioned in the commission communication of 13 december 2001 on the case , and in my letter of 11 january 2002 to honourable members ford , cashman and hughes , the commission could not identify any breach of european law , nor any failure by the british government to transpose properly the relevant european legislation into uk law . lettera
i do not believe i need to add anything to what i have already communicated in my letter , but i will attempt to explain and analyse some of the aspects of the directives and the articles of the treaties . lettera
mr president , it seems clear that the reverend owen 's situation does not involve any breach of the letter of european community law , contrary though it may be to its spirit . lettera
i am afraid that once the lawyers of the consistory courts don their wigs and gowns it is the letter of the law that will prevail , rather than moral justice and still less christian spirit . lettera
i understand that the conference of presidents has sent quite a strongly worded letter to the belgian authorities concerning the prospect of two members of the zimbabwean delegation being on the visa ban list . lettera
in the commission we get letters regularly from people complaining from both sides of the argument , indeed even from the industry , about a distortion in the market because of the different regimes in member states in relation to this issue . lettere
there has been a development regarding this in that today , after lengthy negotiations , i received a letter from dmitri rogozin of the state duma , inviting us to go there on 20 january . lettera
we have followed the textbook of democracy to the letter . lettera
we would ask the commission to investigate whether it would be possible at all in exceptional cases , involving large investments , to make general statements about the compatibility of agreements with european competition rules , as is common in america with the business review letter . letter
i shall go into this in more detail in a letter to the commissioner . lettera
the only ones who could welcome this would be our finance and budget ministers , in particular those who are having to contend with a larger budget deficit and are therefore facing a ' blue letter ' from the commission because they have exceeded the stability pact criteria . lettera
there are important debates to be held , but i call on the president of parliament and the president-in-office of the council to write a letter to the turkish government and tell it , in order to give it the opportunity to prove his good intentions , that we are organising a meeting in strasbourg for all the sakharov prize winners , and that , in the light of this meeting , leila zana must be freed in order to be able to take part . lettera
that is why this time i would like to see on our desks not only a well-meaning letter from our president , but also a definite statement from the council . lettera
thank you also for the letter that you sent to members , which has clarified a lot of things . lettera
in our view , the reason why the negotiations are stalling is essentially because , in addition to the technical details , the european parliament is seeking to obtain a purely european statute for its members with remuneration paid out of the community budget , whereas this objective runs counter to the spirit and the letter of the treaties . lettera
i have here a letter from the president saying that amendments nos 4 and 17 have been deemed inadmissible . lettera
the only thing the president says in his letter about amendment no 17 is ' i declare this amendment inadmissible ' . lettera
that is contrary to both the spirit and the letter of the rules of procedure . testo
the hundreds of angry letters and angry e-mails were the signs of a human but also an interinstitutional tragedy . lettere
i would cite the letter sent by mr brunmayr , director-general of the council secretariat . lettera
the next item is the report a5-0440 / 2002 , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2003 as modified by the council ( all sections ) [ 11138 / 2002 - c5-0600 / 2002 - 2002 / 2004 ( bud ) ] and on letters of amendment no 2 ( 14847 / 2002 - c5-0571 / 2002 ) and no 3 ( 15169 / 2002 - c5-0595 / 2002 ) to the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2003 . lettere
as regards the commission 's letter of amendment , i welcome the fact that the commission has adopted some of parliament 's proposals from the first reading and , in particular that it is not making further cuts to export refunds . lettera
the commission 's spokesman has stated that the official was consulted by the competition directorate-general in connection with the investigation . he said that this did not pose a problem , as the person concerned had given assurances in a letter that he would not deal , at microsoft , with matters being investigated by the commission . lettera
the purpose of the letter signed by the official mentioned in the honourable member 's question was to signify his full awareness that these requirements always prevail and are unconditional . lettera
the commission is therefore looking forward to working closely with the greek presidency in the run-up to the thessaloniki summit , at which , i am convinced , we can offer a detailed , practical response to the letter that the five presidents of the western balkans sent us on the eve of the copenhagen council . lettera
taking my own constituency , for instance , and the current issue of broadband , letters are flooding into my office from constituents in rural areas who complain that broadband is available in certain cities , but not for them . lettere
first , a purely technical adjustment : amendment 1 on budget lines b1-406 and b1-4081 - improving the processing and marketing of agricultural products - has been withdrawn , because it is covered by letter of amendment no 3 to the draft budget , which we have already voted on . lettera
the european council has indeed given in to pressure from the us and the joint nato / eu letter issued after the summit attests to this . lettera
however , i have followed to the letter a precedent on which i exercise zero discretion . lettera
on the subject of the death penalty , i would like , if i may , to ask the president to send another letter . lettera
i ask you to write on behalf of the european parliament a letter that will get touria tiouli set at liberty and make it clear that we want nothing to do with states that treat human dignity with such contempt . lettera
it is often said that a characteristic of the european method of legal interpretation is its purposive quality , and i feel that to some extent the local enforcers of european law should act with regard to the purpose not only to the letter of the law . lettera
that is laid down in the treaties in their current wording and we must retain both the spirit and the letter of the treaties . lettera
i , personally , have even written a letter to the danish presidency , and i will reiterate these same points to the greek transport minister , mr verelis , who is coming to visit the committee and attend a hearing next week . lettera
in paragraph 14 , letter s , where it refers to attention to the care needs of those in rural communities , i would add " and mountain communities " . lettera
that this should be done in relation to agriculture and agricultural products , to free trade in industrially produced goods , to legislation on trade , and also in relation to issues concerning the rules on the determination of origin , constitutes important progress , and we also welcome the way in which it has proved possible , by means of a separate exchange of letters , to incorporate cooperation in counter-terrorism in this project as a whole . lettere
the agreement will also , as the minister pointed out , trigger lebanon 's undertakings on cooperation in counter-terrorism , set out in the exchange of letters to which he referred . lettere
in order to prevent the democratic clause from being nothing more than a dead letter , it is vital to establish mechanisms for the regular monitoring and assessment of its implementation , from the very entry into force of the agreement , in partnership with the ngos that are close to daily reality . lettera
in reply to your second question , may i say that the greek presidency expressed the view eighteen months ago , in a letter from prime minister simitis , that a common border guard was needed so that a real european border police force could gradually be developed , especially with the pressure from organised crime and immigration as a result of developments in asia . lettera
they use what i believe to be specious arguments for this in a letter to our president . lettera
i have received many letters from wales and from other countries asking the european parliament to do everything that it can to try and stop this war . lettere
human rights remain a dead letter in other countries as well ; other countries also have weapons of mass destruction - iran , pakistan , north korea and india for example . lettera
obviously , however , it is not parliament 's aim to defend its position to the letter , but instead ensure that there are no grey areas left in eu legislation where public participation would be justified but impossible owing to some blunder on the part of a legislator . lettera
much has been made of the dprk 's secret acquisition of uranium enrichment technology in breach of the spirit , if not the letter , of the 1994 framework agreement . lettera
consequently , i would ask you , mr president , to kindly send a letter to the cambodian head of government to tell him how important the european parliament and the european union in general consider this situation to be . lettera
the us position is not just contrary to the spirit of the doha declaration : it directly contravenes the letter of the doha declaration . lettera
therefore , if you will allow me , i would address a letter to the commissioner which explains this issue , mr president , and which you could communicate to the minister for defence , mr trillo , who should deal with this serious problem . lettera
the spirit and the letter of the law are clear : in standing for this election , mr pasqua must have been aware of what the immediate consequences would be . lettera
in your letter last october to the chair of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy , you accused parliamentarians of making false claims about what you called the alleged intransparency of the eu decision-making process . lettera
last monday , i sent a letter from brussels to austria , and it has still not arrived there . lettera
the culture i have come across throughout the institution seems to be extremely hostile to even a small amount of change and no sooner has an opinion been expressed than there are letters flying around objecting to it . lettere
seeing as you mentioned the letter , now that i know of its existence i can assure you it will be published immediately , for these things must be made public . lettera
in any case - i would stress - the letter must be made public without delay . lettera
in addition , if the treaty were applied to the letter it would not be in line with the reality of present day budgets . lettera
the issue has also been taken up in an exchange of letters between the president of the ecb and the swedish finance minister . epistolare
in the trentin report we have at least demanded that in future the commission be able to send out the blue letters on its own , without this being dependent on a vote in the ecofin council in which the offenders are indirectly involved . lettere
last month the commission sent a reasoned opinion to denmark and five letters of formal notice to belgium , spain , france , italy and portugal . lettere
it should be observed that there is nothing inherently intolerant and oppressive in the letter of the islamic faith and in earlier centuries islam exercised a culturally progressive and civilising influence . lettera
you will receive a letter from the secretary-general giving a detailed explanation . lettera
i really did not think that it was still possible , over three years after the resignation of a commission , for nothing to be done about issues affecting an institution as important as eurostat , which actually has to monitor the warning letters sent to the eu 's finance ministers . lettere
yesterday i received a letter from a constituent who had bought a property in another member state . lettera
mr president , i am delighted to see that commissioner byrne is here this morning because , as chairman of the european parliament 's intergroup on the welfare and conservation of animals , i was very disappointed to receive a letter from commissioner byrne saying he was unable to come and meet our intergroup in the next three , four , five or six months to discuss issues concerning animal welfare , in particular the live transport of animals . lettera
this immediately renders the constitution of nigeria , the universal declaration of human rights and all other treaties that nigeria has ratified dead letters . lettera
i regret the letter of the eight members . lettera
by letter of 7 march 2003 , mr olivier dupuis requested the defence of his parliamentary immunity in a case pending before a court in rome . lettera
mr president , i want to talk about what mr bigliardo said and the letter you have received regarding the immunity of mr dupuis . lettera
the commission , for its part , must defend the spirit and the letter of the treaties . lettera
commissioner busquin , i welcome the fact that the health crisis is high on your political agenda , and i also thank you for the letter you recently sent to the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy . lettera
it must explain to us if , despite the constant , mass demonstrations by the people of europe , the european union is prepared to play the role of undertaker and follow the instructions of the usa to the letter , as leading government officials have given us to understand from their public statements . lettera
i wrote a letter to you , mr president , asking for the delegation to be postponed , not for it to be cancelled . lettera
the belgian first minister has been sent two letters , but has not replied . lettere
then there is the lack of coordination with the member states , which means that the complementarity between the commission and the member states is often a dead letter . lettera
i accept your offer and since we 626 meps are the contact between the eu and the public , would you like to write each of us a simple little letter making all of us in the parliament aware of it ? lettera
on the other hand , we are totally opposed to the spirit and the letter of the draft treaty the european institutions seek to impose on them . lettera
on 8 april i received a letter from commissioner verheugen saying that the cyprus border , which is soon to be an external border of the union and consequently of the netherlands too , is sufficiently secure . lettera
on 8 april i received a letter from commissioner verheugen saying that even the countries in which he himself identified the most failings , among them poland , will meet the copenhagen criteria sufficiently at the time of accession . lettera
i have here a letter from the royal constabulary at schiphol airport in amsterdam , apologising ten weeks after the event because it found two people on the same aeroplane who supposedly had forged passports . lettera
would it be possible for the european union , through you , president , to make representations , even by letter , to the united nations expressing our concern about this very important issue ? lettera
he has probably received , as i have , a number of letters from the additives survivors ' network , who relate pretty grim stories of the adverse consequences of salt of aspartame for some of them . lettere
as mr coleman of dg sanco stated in a letter he wrote shortly after that : ' a clear majority of experts from the member states have expressed the position in both the commission and the council working parties that the reduction to 350 mg / l is not sufficient , and wish to go further . ' lettera
all this to underline that just one of the countries for which we had some hope a few years ago is threatening to slip back into a state of impunity again , the agreements of 1996 remaining a dead letter . lettera
almost everything has already been said , but perhaps there is something we have overlooked : it is completely unacceptable for the democratic clause laid down in the various agreements with third countries not to be observed to the letter . lettera
furthermore , in his letter of 30 april last , president prodi informed the members of this intergroup , through the intermediary of its chair , mr savary , of the possibility considered by the commission of implementing the joint undertaking unilaterally , should an agreement from the esa not be forthcoming in the next few days . lettera
ladies and gentlemen , before we debate mr manders ' report , we have to vote on the request to apply the urgent procedure to the proposal for a council decision on the conclusion of an agreement in the form of a letter between the european community and the republic of croatia on the ecopoint system applicable to croatian transit traffic through austria . lettere
in january this year i wrote to the european parliament in response to a letter from 47 meps on the issue of abortion . lettera
in this letter , which is available on my website , i stressed that we aim to prevent the need for abortion , through our support for reproductive health programmes . lettera
the programme in question has to do with the protection of health , both reproductive and sexual , and i believe that my fellow commissioner mr nielson , in anticipation of further interventions by you , has also stated in writing in his letters to you that the relevant programmes are in accordance with the overall international programming in this area . lettere
in changing this legal base , the rapporteur has attempted to promote new powers for parliament which do not appear to comply with the letter and the spirit of the treaties . lettera
i refer to the letter from jack straw , mrs lindh and mr pagrotsky , the minister for trade , followed by a joint letter from mr solana and mr patten . NULL
the european union should seek genuine cooperation with russia , which would , not least , involve the european investment bank being allowed more opportunities for activity in russia , an idea put forward by , among others , mr schüssel , the austrian chancellor , who propounded it in a letter to president prodi of the commission . lettera
the hundreds of angry letters and e-mails were signals of the human and institutional tragedy . lettere
it will therefore remain possible , monsieur savary , to send a letter to the remotest corner of provence . lettera
the united kingdom has stated by way of a letter to the commission that it is removed from the field of application of article 3 ( 2 ) of the acquired rights directive 77 / 187 / eec lettera
i have received from mr turco a letter dated 29 april 2003 requesting parliament to defend the parliamentary immunity of mr marco pannella , following the sentencing of the latter to imprisonment , commuted to restricted freedom , for events occurring in italy . lettera
this is the only course of action in keeping with the letter and spirit of the treaties . lettera
freedom of religion must not be a dead letter . lettera
i will not act as messenger ; he will know the minutes and will know exactly what you have said , just as he knows his letters . lettere
it therefore goes against not only the spirit but the very letter of your constitution . lettera
yes , i will prepare an exchange of letters with the relevant authorities and send copies to both of you in the course of the week . lettere
mr president , i too should like to wish that a greek prime minister will pass through the european parliament in a few years ' time under the rotating presidency , which is a useful institution , to thank mr yiannitsis for the good cooperation we had and , in the short time which i have , to wish that the president-in-office of the council and prime minister of greece will resolve , not in the remaining hours of his presidency , but over the coming days , an important issue to which the letter sent to him by 90 lettera
on the basis of this new information , the commission services addressed a letter to the competent hellenic authorities in late april 2003 , asking them to take a position on specific issues raised in relation to the compatibility of the hellenic legislation and practice with community public procurement legislation and the relevant jurisprudence of the court of justice . lettera
the commission services have very recently received a request on behalf of the hellenic authorities to extend the time given to them to reply to this new letter until 30 june 2003 , in order for them to give a comprehensive answer on the whole issue and in view of certain changes that they envisage concerning the relevant legislation . greche
as regards the letter from the dutch authorities of july 2002 , i have , along with my colleague commissioner fischler requested more information from the dutch authorities about the measures taken and the origin of the protein . lettera
regarding the fisheries agreements themselves , the commission has informed parliament about renegotiations and the estimated costs and here , too , we shall be looking at how far the amounts provided will need to be modified in a letter of amendment in october . lettera
i did not succeed , and then i insisted - even signing that letter with seven other european union member states , to which 10 other countries were then added , including , first and foremost , some of the new members of the european union - that one evil , the war in iraq , should not be followed by other evils , and particularly that it should not be followed by the discrediting of the united nations , which i regret to say did happen since it was shown to be impotent , or by the crisis in lettera
my colleagues mr patten and mr verheugen have joined forces with the greek presidency in sending joint letters to the foreign ministers of member states , candidate countries and the balkan states . lettere
i thank the commissioner for her recent letter to me confirming that she will be taking similar action for high-speed international rail journeys . lettera
initially it took the form of a public written agreement and then , once the commission had sent letters of warning , of a secret oral agreement . lettere
on this basis , the commission - and i would like to stress this - initially did no more than send letters of warning at the end of november 2001 . lettere
for this reason , i would ask you , mr president , to draft a letter to the president of the commission without delay , containing a reminder by parliament of the undertaking given , and in which you reprimand the commission for not having kept to this undertaking of theirs or not even having shown they were in any way ready to explain the delay to parliament , and in which you call on the commission to adopt the missing proposals to be appended to the aarhus convention and present them to parliament during september . lettera
despite repeated efforts during discussions in the employment councils , my letter to all the ministers and the mobilisation of european and national organisations , it would appear that the member states have serious difficulties of a political and economic nature . lettera
universal access to public services is a dead letter if the obstacles to access to services for the disabled are not removed . lettera
on the first occasion i carried a letter from president klaus hänsch informing aung san suu kyi of the award of the sakharov prize for freedom of thought to her . NULL
khin nyunt , the current prime minister , played a central role in ensuring i did not have the opportunity to deliver that letter in person . lettera
i am disappointed not to have received replies to my letters to the greek and italian foreign ministers on this subject . lettere
i have seen letters from small companies across europe which are supportive of this directive . lettere
one would have to be more than usually naive to believe that innovation in the eu were being encouraged by allowing an american firm to take out a patent on the use of the special danish letters æ , ø and å in domain names , or that it would be of benefit to small and medium-sized enterprises if , before they began to develop their product , they had to invest in a department concerned with legal matters relating to patents . lettere
in the light of such a clear violation of the spirit and letter of the european patent convention , what was needed , what would be needed , what is needed is clarification and confirmation that software is non-patentable . lettera
like many other members , i too have received many worried letters expressing serious concerns about the commission proposal . lettere
this is how i understood it , after i received the proposal and after i read the existing legislation - and the innumerable letters we have all been receiving - more than once . lettere
much of the criticism in the letters boils down to that . lettere
yesterday , the commission president , mr prodi , sent the president of this parliament , mr cox , a letter setting out how the members of the committee on budgetary control and the members of the conference of presidents should debate the documents on the current investigation into eurostat . lettera
although the commission welcomes these amendments , i would like to remind you that , at the end of october , the commission will be approving a letter of amendment to the preliminary draft budget in respect of the european agriculture guidance and guarantee fund , in order to update the resources required . lettera
commissioner schreyer and i sent a letter to all dgs in july 2003 . lettera
earlier this year sir nigel sheinwald , the united kingdom 's permanent representative to the eu , sent a strongly-worded letter to mr gemelli , chairman of the committee on petitions , effectively seeking to block this parliament 's right to get to the facts . lettera
unfortunately , those letters and responses have never been made public or made available to the petitions committee or to parliament . lettere
mr president , along with many british members of this house , i have received a large number of personal letters from constituents like the petitioners in this case . lettere
i would like to reply to her and other members that yes , we are , and that is the reason the commission has sent two letters of formal notice . lettere
the commission did not send those letters of formal notice for nothing , there were reasons for doing so . lettere
therefore the commission has sent two letters of formal notice , the process of negotiation and discussion with the uk authorities has started and the uk authorities have brought their instructions into line with what the commission thinks ought to be done . discussioni
– mr president , i should like , as one member has already done , to draw your attention to a letter that has been sent to the various info-points europe , informing them that they are to lose their funding from the commission . lettera
when the only basque daily was closed down eight months ago , he wrote an open letter to the spanish judiciary saying that the newspaper had nothing to hide , but much to reveal if called upon to do so . lettera
we hope that parliament ’ s initiatives , which are reaffirmed in this budget and which were also put forward in earlier resolutions , will also appear in the commission ’ s letter of amendment , to be issued shortly : namely the pilot projects , or preparatory actions , regarding the environmental indicators , funding for animal diseases , the development of better vaccines and the development of a quality policy for agricultural products . lettera
as far as agricultural expenditure is concerned , the commission will present its customary amending letter at the end of the month to take account of the latest market trends . lettera
in a letter to me dated 19 june 2003 mr martinez fernandez , state secretary for coastline and waterways in the spanish environment ministry , acknowledges that this analysis of the commission is correct . lettera
and in the same letter he gives the undertaking that from now on the company trasagua will apply the relevant provisions of the ec directives in full whenever it awards contracts . lettera
but certainly the commission is more than willing to cooperate by giving mr rübig the benefit of its experience in carrying out training activities and if he would care to send a letter me along those lines , then i shall be at pains to see to it that the matter is dealt with in an adequate fashion . lettera
it is my understanding that you are willing to send a letter to the council including that table . lettera
he did this on 13 october on the occasion of the presentation of the new french ambassador ’ s letters of credence in ashkabad . ashkhabat
in his letter to president niyazov , president chirac also expressed the desire to consolidate and deepen the warm relations between france and turkmenistan . lettera
in september mr sharipov got out by letter allegations of his ill-treatment and of how he was threatened in prison by police and prison officers . sharipov
i can understand why some members are saying , after the commission has stated its unwillingness to withdraw the proposal – mr prodi has done so in a letter , mr byrne has said it time out of number – that there is little point in having another plenary vote on the whole thing . lettera
first , the commissioner sent out warning letters earlier this year to the candidate countries . lettere
then , particularly innovative and of particular interest is the proposal for a written letter of rights stating the rights of suspects and defendants , to be handed to the defendant or suspect at the first contact with the authorities in proceedings concerning them and which must be detailed and available in several languages . comunicazione
mr president , would you please ensure that a letter is written to the ethiopian government to urge it to respect that decision , in order to restore peace between the two countries after what has been a bloody and terrible war . lettera
i should like to draw your attention to a letter containing specific facts … lettera
this will have an impact on employers , in both the public and private sectors , and on the working practices applied to people with disabilities , because the directive , which concerns reasonable adaptations , will have to be applied to the letter . lettera
i have just received a letter from italy , where a competition was held to appoint 1 600 scientists to university posts . lettera
we will give our full support as regards expenditure , so much so that , for my part , i have sent a letter signed jointly by myself , as vice-chairman of the committee on budgets , and the chairman of the committee , supporting the commission ’ s proposal on the ida programme as regards raising the maximum funding level . lettera
the first is the letter of formal notice , which we have sent out . lettera
when we have received it , we will produce a letter giving a reasoned opinion . lettera
now that it has emerged that 14 critical auditors ’ reports are not enough , just as complaints from various employees to different commissioners , letters in the press , hearings in the committee on budgetary control and auditors ’ letters to the commissioner responsible in the department responsible are not enough , what kind of signals are needed before the commission intervenes ? lettere
i would like to remind you that the proposal put forward in the letter from mr amato , mr duff and myself should in fact be addressed again . lettera
as rapporteur , i still am not aware of anything having been received by parliament , although i am assured by mr bolkestein 's services that his letter is in the post . lettera
it therefore calls for the development of a ' european defence equipment industry which is competitive and viable ' in keeping with the decision taken at the thessaloniki council , the solana letter and the european constitution , which obliges everyone to improve their military capabilities . lettera
so i appeal to the president of the council to see to it that the commission is strengthened , that this house ’ s rights of codecision are extended , that parliament retains sovereignty over the budget , and nothing is done to aid and abet the attempt by the finance ministers , in their letter to the president of the council , to force the commission and parliament to keep silent about their rights . lettera
in these terms , the letter and the spirit of the pact are not dead ; quite the opposite , we have worked in the past , are working now and will continue to work within the framework of the pact and with the commission ’ s support in a cooperative and consensual manner . lettera
the commission deeply regrets that the council has followed neither the spirit nor the letter of the treaty and the stability and growth pact , both of which were unanimously approved . lettera
we cannot , mr president , apply the rules of the stability and growth pact to portugal to the letter and then exonerate other larger countries . lettera
while i am very grateful for the interest , concern and assistance shown in this matter by the turkish ambassador to the eu , mr oguz demiralp , i would welcome the support of the president of parliament in sending a letter to the turkish judicial authorities seeking assurances that the legal proceedings will go ahead with no further delay . lettera
my services recently received a letter from a woman in crete who protested about the filthy , black smoke which ships belch out into her house in heraklion harbour . lettera
i have also received a letter from your rapporteur which urges the commission to extend the duration of annex k for at least six years , in order have a total period of application of ten years . lettera
the problem is that similar views and these sorts of violations are also being supported by the commissioner materially responsible for enlargement , mr verheugen , and by the president of the commission , mr prodi , who said in a recent response to my letter that , in his view , the ban on a communist party was no reason to censure a country by preventing it from becoming a member of the european union . lettera
one of the reasons why i have been so stirred up about all this is that i have been on the receiving end of a large number of letters from people in my own country who suffer from parkinson 's disease , chronic heart disease or diabetes , or from their carers in the case of alzheimer 's disease . lettere
let me quote from a letter i received from a constituent in cornwall . lettera
the commission estimates that the price of a first-class letter in the uk would , for example , increase by 0.3 euro cents in the case of vat being applied at a reduced rate of 5 % and by five euro cents in the case of vat being applied at the standard rate of 17.5 per cent . francobollo
the postal operator in my own country , sweden , has noted that the annual average cost per household for letters and christmas cards is sek 190 , or eur 21 . lettere
on the assumption that this was all spent on sending standard letters costing 28 pence , the impact on the household would be that the annual cost would increase by £ 1.05 to £ 30.45 if the national operator were to increase the postage by one penny . lettere
firstly , we must recover our common sense , and there are a series of things we must not do : we must not talk about dividing europe , about dividing ourselves , the europeanists , up ; we must not talk about founding countries , about pioneer or vanguard countries , as if to reproach those countries which do not seem up to the job ; and , at this time , nor should we send letters to the president of the commission telling him to reduce the budget to 1 % of gdp . lettere
there are certain obvious contributors to the failure of the brussels summit and , for me , as a spaniard , it means a great deal to hear the praise of the eurosceptics in this house for the president of my country ’ s government , he of the ‘ letter of eight ’ and of the last brussels summit . lettera
louise wrote to the president of the european parliament , who redirected her letter to the committee on petitions . lettera
well , as you know , bob zoellick has sent a letter to all wto members in which he specifically addresses the issue of cotton . lettera
with this in mind – i have said this and i will say it again in response to mrs mann ’ s question – the letter that my american counterpart has circulated in recent days and on which he commented in the press yesterday is good news , because it gives the lie to a theory that was gaining currency and according to which 2004 , an election year in the united states , was going to be a lost year . lettera
i believe that the important thing , from the point of view of the european parliament and democracy in europe , is that the irish presidency applies the simitis-cox agreement to the letter , taking the form of an exchange of letters , according to which the council will have to propose the candidate to the presidency of the commission after the european elections . lettera
then we read a letter from a mr schröder , a mr blair , a mr chirac , and someone else , a dutch prime minister , which says that europe is expanding , but will have less money . lettera
it is quite clear that we really have to do this , but we cannot do it when letters arrive proposing cuts in the european budget , as if money spent at a european level were money down the drain , as if this money did not in fact achieve greater synergies and have a greater effect on development than money spent at a national level . lettere
well , buch ’ s essay is an open letter to the current president of south africa , thabo mbeki , an old acquaintance of the author . lettera
should this be the case , this seems to be against the letter and the spirit of both eu law and convention , in that many of these nationals are outside of their home territory for perfectly legitimate reasons . lettera
furthermore , the threat of bioterrorism is unfortunately a real one , as the anthrax letters we saw in 2001 showed . lettere
lastly , mr president , we must deplore the initiative adopted by some member states to send a letter to the commission to persuade it to impose a substantial reduction of the community budget in the financial perspectives for the period 2007-2013 . lettera
the more these basic elements of a democratic state are missing from numerous countries of the mediterranean , the more the hopes for economic and social development and an improvement in the position of women will remain dim and the resolutions passed by the conferences held within the framework of the barcelona process will remain dead letter . lettera
after issuing a supplementary letter of formal notice in january 2003 , whose purpose was to clarify the concrete functioning of the new regime , the commission concluded in october 2003 that all aspects of the lloyd 's regime under examination now comply with the requirements of the relevant european union insurance directives . lettera
since the infringement proceedings had in the meantime been closed , the college of commissioners mandated my colleague and friend , commissioner bolkestein , to forward the relevant documents to president cox , and this was done by letter dated 15 december 2003 . lettera
as regards the assessment of the uk 's former regime , the commission 's views are detailed in the first letter of formal notice , sent in december 2001 , which is part of the file forwarded to parliament . lettera
mr president , i am speaking for maurizio puddu , who is the president of the italian association for victims of terrorism and who signed a letter sent to some newspapers yesterday as ‘ european citizen ’ . lettera
i deplore this , firstly because it is far from certain that it complies with the letter and the spirit of the aforementioned regulation and also because it will inevitably convey to the general public the impression of a carve-up , rather than democratic progress . lettera
the second is : can the commissioner guarantee that every decision he takes that could have an impact on the spirit , the letter or the practice of the association agreement will first be submitted to this parliament for its opinion ? lettera
but that call will doubtless remain a dead letter so long as the absurd method of unanimous voting continues , allowing europe ’ s voice on foreign policy and human rights to be silenced by just one dissenting vote . lettera
i believe everything is now in place to close this file and i would like to point out that the presidency has sent three letters to the chairman of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport informing him that the council is open to reaching an agreement at second reading on the basis of the common positions so amended . lettere
when it comes to public access to the actual texts of letters of formal notice and reasoned opinions , certain rules agreed by the council and parliament need to be respected . lettere
that is why the commission itself usually cannot give public access to its letters of formal notice and reasoned opinions when the infringement procedure is ongoing . lettere
however , when none of the exceptions to the regulation apply , the commission may provide copies of letters of formal notice and reasoned opinions . lettere
i take it from the commissioner 's response that basically , if letters of formal notice have been sent out and no subsequent legal action has been taken , citizens in ireland who want copies of letters sent to the irish government can in fact get them . lettere
the commission may disclose copies of the letters of formal notice and recent opinions when none of the exceptions to the regulations i mentioned apply – i.e. when the infringement procedure has been closed and there is no longer any likelihood that the investigation could be undermined . lettere
i must admit i still fail to see how disclosure can really undermine the cases here , but my supplementary is about which member states actually continue to give out the information on such letters of formal notice and which do not . lettere
the uk press is now saying that mr blair and mr berlusconi are writing joint letters together – there 's friendship for you ! – and now we understand that mr blair is travelling to dublin tomorrow for talks with the taoiseach . lettere
over and over again , i get letters from members of the public pointing out ways in which , contrary to the official line , beneš decrees are to this day being applied in cases in which compensation is outstanding . lettere
the many letters they have sent indicate that this approach has sparked a great deal of enthusiasm among the citizens in romania . lettere
until , for example , you can put an italian or swedish stamp on a letter in france , there will not be an internal postal market , or a real distortion of competition between the different postal systems . lettera
it must deliver a letter , which may originate in the uk or elsewhere , regardless of the cost and regardless of what area of the country it is addressed to . lettera
who will deliver the letter to the person living alone in the extreme north-west or south-west of the republic of ireland ? lettera
i am pleased to concur with the words of mrs hermange , who notes that the court of justice has always stressed that the exceptions to the principle of non-exportability must be interpreted to the letter . lettera
there are now , moreover , added disadvantages , in that those who post letters are going to have to pay yet another new tax , and so i was happy that a majority in the house shared my concern and rejected the report . spediscono
this was initially distributed , but on 9 march i received a letter from president cox stating that in his view it was inadmissible and he was therefore withdrawing it from circulation . lettera
search as i may through the rules of procedure , i can find no rule allowing the president to act in such an arbitrary manner and no rule is quoted in his letter . lettera
by letter of 24 march 2004 the greek minister of the interior informed us that ms meropi kaldi has been appointed a member of the european parliament to replace mr folias with effect from 24 march 2004 . NULL
– on 12 january 2004 i announced that i had received a letter from the french minister for foreign affairs , including an annex containing a file concerning the disqualification from office of mr michel raymond . lettera
that is very important , even if the blue letters for the deficit procedure continue to be issued on the basis of the annual figures – and even if they do not . lettere
as the rapporteur on the proposal for a regulation regarding public access to european parliament , council and commission documents , mr cashman insisted that this regulation must be in line with the letter and spirit of regulation ( ec ) no 1049 / 2001 on public access to documents , where , after negotiations , a sensible balance was agreed between , on the one hand , the citizen 's right to openness and transparency and , on the other , the need to protect certain interests and to preserve the effectiveness of the institutions ' working methods . lettera
we wrote a joint open letter to a specific newspaper in germany and set out our view of the allegations . lettera
in particular i wish to bring to the attention of the house the contents of a letter which was sent by the president-in-office of ecofin , minister charlie mccreevy td , on 24 march to the chair of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , mrs randzio-plath . lettera
the contents of the letter are as follows : lettera
in this respect , as regards the area of securities , a letter was sent on 2 october 2001 by the commissioner responsible to the chairman of parliament 's committee on economic and monetary affairs . lettera
this letter was followed by a formal declaration delivered on 5 february 2002 at a plenary session in parliament . seguita
i get letters from members of the public , complaining about the arbitrary treatment they receive from the police and the justice system – a grim business to which turkey must put an end ! ricevo
however , the initial advice i have received – before the services have had an opportunity to study your lengthy letter to me in depth – seems to suggest that the report may be admissible , although there are elements that need to be looked at carefully . lettera
we have also written a letter to that effect to the president of the commission , mr prodi . lettera
i would remind members that council informed the chairman and members of the committee on employment and social affairs – in writing in a letter dated 31 march and indeed verbally after that – of its agreement to the amendments here proposed to the common position and to the council statement on taxation to be entered in the council minutes should agreement be reached on the adoption of the regulation . lettera
commissioner schreyer , ladies and gentlemen , voltaire liked to say that his motto was : short letters for long friendships . missive
i say that because i have had a letter from one of my fellow chairmen actually complaining about this procedure , but we thought it was a fair way of proceeding and one that would give everyone a chance to have their say . lettera
i see little sense in the letter proposing a limit of one per cent . stabilire
i refer to the pressure exerted and the lack of solidarity shown by the main cash contributors to have signed the letter of the six , who are seeking to limit the budget to 1 % . lettera
to this extent , the letter from the six leaders was neither helpful nor in any way expedient in its timing or its content . lettera
i must tell you that the vice-president of the company sent me a letter informing the commission of its restructuring plans . lettera
i , too , am far from agreeing with all her views ; to judge by her latest letter – which i have here – to , among others , javier solana and president prodi , her assessment of öçalan and of the pkk ’ s successor organisations is perhaps somewhat naive , rather exaggerated or understated , depending on your chosen way of putting it , but – as has already been said – none of these things are reasons for someone to be locked up for many years and their sentence confirmed in the teeth of rulings by lettere
in a letter to the european parliament she said : i would rather be in prison in a country that is negotiating with the european union than free in a country on which europe has turned its back . NULL
i would also like to take the liberty of noting that , in his letter to mr cox , mr barón crespo , when quoting what was published yesterday in the in my name , completely misinterpreted it and changed the wording . lettera
this is serious , mr barón crespo , because i wrote that the committee on citizens ’ freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs has breached some of the rules of procedure , which is why i sent mr cox a letter , to which he sent a reply , which i answered . lettera
i welcome the fact , however , that parliament rejected amendments nos 16 , 17 and 18 , which were intended to restrict the average annual community budget to a maximum of 1 % of community gnp – in line with the wishes of the signatories of the ‘ letter of the six ’ – and to renationalise , or , to put it more accurately , to do away with the community regional policy . lettera
these aims will hopefully not be thwarted by the proposed top-down approach set out in the ‘ letter of the six ’ , which seeks , primarily , to set an upper limit , as distinct from the bottom-up approach – which identifies political priorities and assesses needs and amounts required – as proposed by the commission . lettera
mr president , commissioner nielson , on the first anniversary of the mass imprisonments on political grounds , carried out by castro , we christian democrats from sweden , denmark , the netherlands , belgium , germany , spain , portugal , the czech republic and slovakia made a joint appeal in a letter addressed to the un secretary-general , kofi annan . lettera
– mr president , commissioner , the holding of the 2004 olympic games at their birthplace , in greece , is a very good opportunity for us to highlight the humanitarian values connected with the olympic spirit and with the letter of the olympic charter , which emphasises respect for fundamental human rights throughout the world . lettera
last night , there was insufficient time to discuss this letter , but the chairman promised me to take note of it and deal with it effectively . lettera
two out of the ten candidates did not gain this majority , one of whom – namely the cypriot candidate – withdrew his candidature in a letter to the council . lettera
on the first point , the group of the greens / european free alliance remains extremely worried , because the figures you insist upon , as when you enthusiastically signed the infamous ‘ penny-pinchers ’ letter ’ or attacked the commission for daring to propose that the budget for the union of 25 should reach the monstrous level of 1.14 % of europe ’ s gdp , just do not add up . lettera
reference has been made to a letter about the 1 % . lettera
could this parliament not send a letter to all national parliaments of our 25 member states and urge them to submit a similar petition , a similar appeal as democratically elected bodies , symbols of respect for the individual , to call for the immediate release of all hostages in iraq ? lettera
i am informed that mr pannella was refused the right to amend the calendar by the presidency in the same way that i was two years ago , as it threatened the twelve strasbourg part-sessions , albeit within the letter of the treaties . lettera
use of the pact as a cudgel to push through cuts in social services and privatisation policies demands that it be more flexibly applied , and this is why we of the confederal group of the united european left / nordic green left reject the commission ’ s proposals as well as the spirit and letter of the pact itself . lettera
if they do not , then i think the or the ‘ women on waves ’ organisation ought to write a thank-you letter to the portuguese government for giving us the opportunity to discuss the principle whereby women must be able to decide freely when and how they want to receive information on the termination of pregnancy and what they do with it , and , at the end of the day , also have a free choice as to when and how they want to have a child . lettera
the recent visit of the serbian prime minister kostunica to vojvodina , as well as the letter sent by the foreign minister of serbia and montenegro to the president-in-office of the eu council of ministers , were concrete expressions of the declared commitment of authorities in belgrade to ensure that those responsible are brought to justice and more generally to ensure the protection of minorities . lettera
i must tell you that that letter has been sent , and that i have previously sent my condolences to the family and to the british people . lettera
the letter of condolence that i have sent to the bigley family says that we all feel affected by this brutal murder . lettera
i shall forward to you the letter from the frontline organisation urging you to demand that the colombian authorities release immediately the members of fensuagro in the absence of any valid legal charges , and ensure that lawful trade union organisations can operate free from intimidation . NULL
yesterday , the conference of presidents , which both mr watson and i attended , decided to ask the president of parliament , mr borrell , to forward to the president-designate of the commission , mr barroso , the letters from the various committees of this house containing the outcomes of the hearings , so that he could take note of them and draw his own conclusions from them . lettere
i would ask you , mr president , to see to it that mr barroso , when he receives these letters , also receives along with them the message that we expect a different attitude from the president-designate of the commission . lettere
i have received from mr matsakis a letter and a legal opinion concerning the request from the public prosecutor of the republic of cyprus to waive his parliamentary immunity , which was noted by the european parliament on 13 october 2004 . lettera
in his letter , mr matsakis challenges the public prosecutor ’ s authority to make such a request . lettera
pursuant to rule 6 ( 3 ) , the letter has been forwarded to the committee on legal affairs , the only committee competent to deal with such matters , to verify the public prosecutor ’ s authority to make the request . lettera
at the conference of presidents last week , i gave my reactions to the letters from the parliamentary committees . lettere
in view of the repeated references to the council , i must inform parliament that the presidency has sent a letter to the president-in-office of the council inviting him and the other members to attend this sitting . lettera
i fear that this is a further example of your not listening carefully to parliament , because the letter from the chairman of the committee on legal affairs also definitely contained critical remarks . lettera
of course , mr buttiglione used certain expressions which were unfortunate , but his letter of explanation and the president 's personal guarantees have convinced me that mr buttiglione will not mix his religious or philosophical views with the exercise of policy . lettera
he has made commitments to this house , not least in the area of non-discrimination , and has received a letter from each of the commissioners , and this makes him worthy of parliament ’ s confidence . lettera
the letter of amendment that you have received from the commission in respect of the 2005 budget frees up funds in the foreign policy sphere and in the foreign budget , and so we are able to propose that support grants for croatia be made in future out of category 7 , as accession negotiations with croatia are to begin next year . lettera
in this connection , i should immediately add another comment about the commission , because in the letter of amendment for next year ’ s agricultural budget , two initiatives have been included with regard to the quality of agricultural products and the future funding of infectious animal diseases . lettera
that is why , in may 2004 , the commission sent a letter of formal notice to the greek authorities urging them to remedy this situation . lettera
mr president , as chairman of the committee on industry , research and energy , i should like it confirmed – for the record – that all the letters of assessment on the commissioners – designate have been forwarded to mr barroso , president – designate of the commission . lettere
furthermore , during this month of november , yasser arafat , president of the palestinian legislative council , has died , and i have sent a letter of condolence to that council . lettera
i have heard that last friday , oswaldo paya wrote to you , mr president , and also sent a copy of that letter to president prodi , to commissioners nielson and patten and to president-designate barroso . lettera
the intention , as far as i understand it , is to have this letter distributed to all of the members of this house , which would be extremely useful , because we are going to debate the cuba situation tomorrow . lettera
i therefore wish to know if you have received the letter , mr president , and if you are going to distribute it . lettera
what brings me to this conclusion is the letter of 9 november from the dutch presidency to the parliament of the netherlands . lettera
it might have been that he would have given a more balanced view than some of the letters sent out by the government . lettere
if we are to set unreasonable objectives for recycling and recovery of packaging waste which take no account of capacity constraints , we might just as well get it over with now , book our slot in advance at the ecj for non-implementation and spare the commission a waste of envelopes on letters of formal notice and reasoned opinions under the infringement procedure laid down in article 226 of the treaty . lettere
this unfortunate development prompted the christian trade union leader in my country , doekle terpstra , to send a letter to the dutch presidency earlier this week . lettera
this letter urges the european union not to make any concessions in respect of castro ’ s dictatorship in exchange for trade benefits . lettera
oswaldo payá , our sakarov prize winner , is still denied the right to visit the european parliament , but he has written a letter to president borrell , urging the eu to stand firm on its common european position for as long as the authorities continue their violations of fundamental rights , which included a disgraceful lack of adequate medical care for cuban prisoners . scritto
recalling oswaldo payá ’ s letter of 11 november , i feel that the firm ethical position adopted by the eu on human rights breaches in cuba cannot be ‘ diluted ’ without it coming across as an embarrassing surrender . lettera
finally , let parliament be the judge of how the commissioners have replied in their hearings and i assure you that the letter of the committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs on commissioner frattini is by no means a pass with full marks . lettera
i formulated this demand in my group ’ s letter to you prior to the vote on your candidacy in july . lettera
moreover , she has now for the first time admitted that , ten years ago , she sent a secret letter with the aim of enabling an associated business to get a share in a transaction conducted by the dutch export consortium she chaired . lettera
in the letter that mr borrell sent you on behalf of the committee which i chair , we asked you what transparent method of warning and monitoring would be used in the event of a conflict of interests , a conflict which i believe will go much further than the cases highlighted by your legal services , since the problem is not a matter of which board of directors mrs kroes has been a member of , but rather of knowing in which sector she learned to defend a particular company or fight another . NULL
those are the words of the letter addressed to me by the president of the european parliament , which was written by the chairman of that committee . lettera
i cannot , therefore , accept going against the treaties ; i cannot accept the idea that a commission should resign automatically in the event that you withdraw your confidence , because that is not laid down in the treaties , and nor is it in accordance with either the spirit or the letter of the treaty , and , as president of the commission , i should be the principal guardian of the treaties . lettera
i can tell you , however , that from now on the vice-president , mrs wallström , and i , will be ready to work with you on the renewal of the framework agreement , taking account in particular of the letter sent to me by mr borrell and also certain initiatives , in particular that of mr poettering , who has set several important milestones in the institutional debate . lettera
he simply pointed out that the letter signed by mrs berès had been intended to show that the committee in question and members of this committee who belonged to the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe approved the appointment of mrs kroes . NULL
furthermore , in the letter signed jointly last december by those six states , we are assured of the following , which i would like to read in english , since it is the original language of the document : lettera
– mr president , the european parliament at the start of hard and difficult negotiations needs to send out three clear messages : first , that we categorically reject the coercive letter for the six , because this will result in less of a europe and greater internal inequalities , in a europe which is unable to support the policies decided by the european union itself . lettera
i have had literally hundreds of letters from concerned eu citizens on the council ’ s failure to reach an agreement on 24 april on the commission ’ s proposal on the transportation of live animals . lettere
i therefore fully endorsed the proposed amendments tabled in the letter from the article 29 working party and i emphasise the need for measures relating to access ; in other words , who is entitled to access and for what purpose . lettera
yesterday the chairman of the article 29 data protection working party sent a letter to the chairman of the committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs , in which he pointed out that the working party does not have enough information on which tests have been conducted , what their outcomes were , or on which basis the council decision had been taken . lettera
i am delighted that commissioner kallas has read the letter by the committee on budgetary control and by individual members , including mr bonde and mr van buitenen , and has , as requested , deferred the dismissal of martha andreasen for a while , in order to set aside some time for listening and seeing whether that dismissal is really justified . lettera
accordingly , the resolution does not condemn the strategy of the signatory countries to what is referred to as the ‘ letter of the six ’ , a strategy that the council appears to support . lettera
rights which remain dead letters , while in practice health and medication have become commodities so that multinationals can make a profit . lettera
if you decide to send a letter to the cambodian authorities , however , i should like to ask you to underline this episode in particular but also to refer to the overall situation . vorrei
i therefore fully agree with your initiative to send a letter , in which i ask you to express our extreme concern not just about this incident but about the overall state of legality and human rights . lettera
i am very happy to communicate that and other concerns , but i cannot write a letter analysing the specific political situation of a country and go into all the details which would be impossible to analyse without a debate and vote in parliament . lettera
there is a very specific issue which could be included in a letter , expressing an concern about that issue , but i do not believe i should go as far as to analyse the overall political situation in cambodia without a prior debate and resolution by parliament . lettera
if there are no objections , therefore , my letter will be restricted to expressing concern about the issue raised by mrs napoletano , and i would invite you to debate the political situation in cambodia in accordance with the appropriate parliamentary procedures , if you so wish . lettera
mr president , on behalf of the european parliament could you please send a letter calling for the protection of these workers to the company , to its european owners anglo american , bhp billiton and glencore international , as well as to the colombian authorities . lettera
is any outcome possible other than the one per cent to which your country was a signatory in the letter to mr prodi ? lettera
i have in my possession a letter from mrs wallström – the vice-president of the commission , who is present this morning – confirming that the outcome of the debate on the constitution should neither be presumed nor pre-empted in any fashion . lettera
it started for me with a letter bomb exploding in my office . bomba
no can be used as an alibi for setting aside our values or for adjusting them to turkish demands , be it in connection with the spirit or the letter of the copenhagen criteria or with the recognition of all 25 member states of the european union , by which you will understand that i mean the recognition of the republic of cyprus . lettera
that is what the spirit and the letter of the constitutional treaty and the nice charter affirm . lettera
as an mep i receive many letters from concerned constituents who have been defrauded by people operating in other member states of the european union , particularly through fraud through fax machines , sending false contracts and falsely announcing prize-draw winners . lettere
lastly , while i do not propose that the european parliament should reject the regulation or the associated budget lines for any longer than strictly necessary , i find the response from the commission – the letter from the commissioner relating to the new arrangements on this programme , which does not reference working level contacts – and the council – which is still using a working party consisting of development ministers – to the concerns i and others expressed about the democracy initiative to be lacking in substance and completely unfitted to the needs of our time and the lettera
we would all drown in letters from anxious people demanding that the forests be protected . lettere
i am sending a letter today to the president of parliament and to you , commissioner for institutional relations , suggesting that we set up a tv station constantly broadcasting the work of parliament and the council ’ s future public works to all eu countries . lettera
until such time as this convention enters into force , member states can have recourse to the 1959 council of europe convention on mutual assistance in criminal matters and to council of europe recommendation ( 85 ) 10 concerning letters rogatory for the interception of telecommunications . rogatorie
it follows that the eu will not find genuine coherence , let alone harmony , unless we all respect the spirit and the letter of the community method and the balance between the three institutions . lettera
to those ladies and gentlemen – in this instance , no doubt , only gentlemen – who wrote letters arguing in favour of the 1 % limit , we would say that you cannot enlarge europe and then refuse the eu ’ s new member states the money that is an expression of our solidarity , and which they need in order to be brought up to our standards . lettere
i should like to comment on four points : the first and most important at the present moment is to ensure that promises are kept and will not remain dead letter as on other occasions ; in other words , that aid will reach the citizens who need it quickly and efficiently , without being squandered or stolen by corrupt intermediate links . lettera
on 30 june last year , the chairman of my group , mr wurtz , sent letters to the presidents of the commission and parliament , saying that the brutal decision to dismiss 43 language teachers at the commission with open-ended contracts was in breach of the commitments undertaken by the commission , the council and parliament in the trialogue of 18 march 1997 . scritto
i am very glad that the letter sent by the president of this parliament , josep borrell , to the iranian ambassador has helped to get a stoning , due to be carried out at the end of last year , delayed and the sentence commuted . lettera
after the barrot affair , i know there is a great desire to stop discussing any difficulties there may be with this commission but , given that i got that one right , i would like to think that mr borrell will take the letter that i hand-delivered to him a couple of weeks ago rather more seriously . lettera
i have written to mr kallas asking for some correct answers , and mr borrell received a copy of that letter . lettera
i would like to place on record that on this day we reverently honour the jewish victims of auschwitz and the other victims , but it should be put in very bold letters that the disabled were there from beginning to end and were killed for no other reason than that they were not perfect , which is what hitler ’ s reich was looking for . ambiva
to this end , i have held talks with the president-in-office of the council , mr juncker , and i have kept the conference of presidents constantly informed about the progress of those talks , and i can tell you that following the exchange of letters that took place last week , and having heard the opinion of the political groups and also speaking by telephone with the president of the commission , mr barroso , i can tell you that the president of the european parliament , on behalf of this institution of course , will participate in the intrattenuta
together with several other members , mr cashman advised in a letter to mr barroso , and i quote : ‘ … that in slovenia politicians are obviously publicly encouraging discrimination against minorities … ’ , end of quote , and proposed that the commission should launch an investigation into this together with the slovenian government . lettera
the barcelona process will either be a large-scale euro-mediterranean pact , whereby peace , democracy and human rights are exchanged by means of economic and social integration , or will be nothing more than a letter of intent . dichiarazione
all this , along with the fao letter and the reports from the ngos on the ground , leads me to vote against the report . NULL
in her letter dated today , the chairwoman of the committee on economic and monetary affairs has announced that the committee voted in favour of adopting the corrigendum . lettera
the report also calls on the council and the commission to review the 1989 interinstitutional agreement concluded with the european parliament by an exchange of letters . lettere
if we find there has been any violation of either the letter or the spirit of the directive we will report it and make it public . lettera
thus , the council complies with both the letter and the spirit of the official texts , while ensuring the greatest possible transparency . lettera
you may remember mr bolkestein ’ s letter to the american minister , tom ridge , about the transfer of passenger data , in which he even quoted benjamin franklin with the well-known phrase : ‘ they who would give up an essential liberty for temporary security deserve neither liberty or security ’ . lettera
i have sent in letters on the subject . lettere
the areas where common minimal standards are proposed at this first stage are : firstly , access to legal advice both before and during trial ; secondly , access to interpretation and translation free of charge ; thirdly , ensuring that appropriate attention is given to persons who are not capable of understanding or following the proceedings ; and fifthly , the right for foreign suspects to communicate with consular authorities , and a letter of rights notifying the suspected person of their rights in writing . lettera
we wanted the letter of rights to be made accessible to the disabled , the inclusion of victims ’ rights and the setting-up of an independent body of experienced , independent and properly remunerated lawyers . NULL
although every state chooses its own name without interference from other states or international bodies , attempts are still being made here from the outside to impose a different name in which only the last letter is indicative of the real name . lettera
and if irish farmers were to follow the letter of the directive and spread slurry when allowed , they would cause pollution rather than prevent it . lettera
i can confirm that i have received your letter and that the reply to your comments prepared by the services is awaiting my signature . ricevuta
mr president , as the president of intergroup responsible for traditional national minorities , i would like to inform mep ’ s of our letter to president josep borrell , which asserts intergroup ’ s full support for the legitimate request of our eleven catalan colleagues , who petitioned to be able to use the catalan language at the ep ’ s plenary sessions . lettera
mr president , could you please send a letter of strong protest to the turkish prime minister , telling him in no uncertain terms that , if he is to have us believe that turkey seriously has european aspirations , then he must , amongst other things , make sure that the rights of religious minorities and , in particular , of christians in turkey , are properly protected and respected ? lettera
. in line with established practice in similar cases , the commission would like to underline that it has been in contact with the greek government before sending its letter of formal notice and its reasoned opinion . lettera
we sent a letter of formal notice to the greek authorities on 23 march , they replied on the same date . marzo
i thank commissioner boel for her letter , and i hope a solution has been found . lettera
as long ago as 1961 , the polish bishops sent a famous letter to the german bishops , which included the phrase ; ‘ we forgive and ask forgiveness ’ . lettera
in his letter to vytautas landsbergis and me , mr frattini has written recently that your history is our history too . lettera
letters from the hague conference have gone unanswered , and this sends a very poor message to parents and others who would wish to take advantage of this convention , both in the community and in third countries . lettere
he stated in his letter – when it finally arrived – that ‘ hospitality is a normal fact of private life ’ . lettera
as far as the substance of the matter is concerned , i have nothing to add to the content of that letter . lettera
– mr president , the president of my group cannot be here in the house today , but he made his position clear in a letter published this morning . lettera
i was at the conference of presidents meeting which took the decision that there was no substance to the allegations being presented , and that it was right that president barroso should respond by letter . lettera
the conference of presidents took on board his opinion , as expressed in that letter , that there was nothing to substantiate the allegations made . lettera
to this end , i shall repeat what i said on the matter in my letter to president borrell . lettera
since the letter was written in english , i shall read it in english . lettera
i have a letter here , on behalf of 28 consumer groups in all of the member states , and what do they say ? lettera
it is true that we are going to discuss the national programmes when they are drawn up , but i hope that the commission is not content simply to be a letter box nor that it restrict itself to politely praising the national programmes , but that it will demand that the states demonstrate courage , determination and audacity , which is what is needed in order to put an end to the enormous pessimism that i have intended to describe here . cassetta
beyond the letter of the agreement , however , our intention through this agreement is to maintain constant cooperation in parliament ’ s legislative actions , which must take the form of a clear strategy and better results . al
the agreement we are signing today , notwithstanding its letter , is intended to strengthen democracy in the european union ’ s operation , something that the european citizens are unquestionably calling for . lettera
please allow me to point out that this is the first time that we have had this item on the agenda since you received the letter from the presidency in which i indicated how i intended to organise it . lettera
not a single member has expressed any objection to it , but i imagine that you will know precisely what i said in that letter , and next i will apply the procedure that i indicated to you , that is to say , i will give priority to members who have already asked to speak in writing , indicating the subject on which they wished to speak . lettera
on behalf of several colleagues from the socialist group in the european parliament , i would call for action , perhaps a letter from the president to the sudanese authorities expressing parliament ’ s concern about the events being condemned and calling for the release of mr foreman and mr hoedt without charge . lettera
on the one side there is the 1 % proposed in the letter drafted by six member states , and , on the other , member states worried about structural and cohesion funds are demanding that union ’ s internal cohesion and convergence are safeguarded . lettera
i understand that the irish government has recently responded to a letter from the commission requesting clarification on the role and financing of public service broadcasting in ireland . lettera
could you tell us what that response was and what was your initial reaction to the letter ? lettera
. madam president , i have not yet seen the letter from the irish authorities . lettera
everyone needs to make a move here : those who have written the letters , but also the united kingdom , so that we again prove that we are able to act . lettere
the commission notes the suggestion made by the uzbek authorities in relation to the international inquiry contained in the letter of 31 may from president karimov to united states secretary of state condoleezza rice , a copy of which was sent to commissioner ferrero-waldner . lettera
in december 2004 commissioner kallas sent a letter to the ministers of finance and has convened two meetings on the subject . lettera
i have received a letter from the european cockpit association , which represents 34 000 pilots in europe and expresses great concern about this . lettera
if only the six who , in a moment of inspiration , wrote a joint letter , could have agreed on the details of their proposals ! lettera
although the letter from the six could give the impression that they had all concurred that the october 2002 agreement should not be touched , i took this risk upon myself for the 15 – a risk moreover widely shared by the others who were happy to have found someone to take a soundly-based initiative on behalf of the 15 . NULL
i had felt my convictions undermined for a moment , but after a few days had passed , after receiving thousands of letters from the length and breadth of europe , after receiving encouragement from the commission , parliament and many observers who are also protagonists , i now feel , now that the first disappointment has passed , more determined than ever . lettere
this shows the price of that famous letter from six of the member states asking for one per cent . lettera
we have to reject the letter of the six , finally begin to see that the debate on the size of the budget has to be based on the political priorities , and not the other way round , and reopen the debate on everything : the cap , life-nature and the structural funds . lettera
by sending a personal letter and by failing to consult the council , the luxembourg presidency – i have to say – has reacted hastily to this amendment , stating that it does not agree with it . lussemburghese
it has sent a letter that , in my opinion and – i believe – in the opinion of the majority ofmembers , is unacceptable from an institutional point of view . lettera
in a letter of 6 june to your president , i enumerated these elements , foremost among which are remuneration , the principle of reimbursing travel and staff expenses on the basis of actual cost and the principle that the european parliament , and hence the community budget , should shoulder responsibility for pension contributions . lettera
these letters have spelled out clearly that such agreements or national regulations , as the case may be , are not opposed . lettere
the commission ’ s views and concerns relating to the pre-2000 uk legislation were set out clearly in its letter of formal notice of december 2001 , which is now a public document . lettera
the commission has no doubt that once it had established the compatibility of the new regime for lloyd ’ s it had no basis for continuing the infringement proceedings it had begun with the letter of formal notice in december 2001 in relation to the old regime . lettera
the commission voiced its concerns in its 2001 letter of formal notice but this was only the first step in a long process of argument and counter-argument that might ultimately , if it had been continued , have led to a formal hearing and ruling at the court of justice . lettera
the commission is fully aware that it is a subject of great regret to many that the legal proceedings begun with our letter were not pursued to their ultimate conclusion , but it has no doubt that its decision to discontinue the proceedings was the right one and was fully in conformity with the constant jurisprudence of the court in the matter of infringement proceedings . lettera
the commission made its views on the uk authorities ’ responses to the letter of formal notice public when it decided to close the infringement procedure . lettera
as to the third question in mr perry ’ s report about possible shortcomings or omissions in the uk regime , i reiterate that the commission raised a number of questions in its letters of formal notice . lettere
when doubts were raised , the commission started an investigation and issued a letter of formal notice and a supplementary letter of formal notice . lettera
i shall continue to apply the procedure that i communicated to you by letter , to which nobody has expressed any objection and which was applied during the last part-session . lettera
it is unfortunate that , according to the ecb , or at least to mr gonzález páramo ’ s letter to me , this would entail a huge number of methodological problems . lettera
i appreciate that this may be the case , and this letter was also written before the current crisis . lettera
the european patent office , contrary to both the letter and the spirit of the law , has issued over 30 000 patents to projects for mathematical calculations or methods of processing or displaying data . lettera
how can we imagine life in a country where a company could be granted exclusive rights just because its document contained letters in bold script and sub-titles in italics or used the progress bar , the double click or the electronic shopping basket - things that have already been patented in the usa ? caratteri
e-mails and letters have been written and appeals made asking us to do so . lettere
in the context of the european commission ’ s letter of 6 january 2005 , which suggested that consideration be given to the possibility of extending the list of natura 2000 sites in poland , which could mean that up to 20 % of the country would be covered by such sites , a guarantee of separate funding for the establishment of the natura 2000 network has taken on even greater significance for poland and other countries . lettera
to conclude , in relation to the situation of the two members of parliament and the ngos , we call for a letter from our president ; as regards the situation in belarus , we call for a new debate , perhaps in a forthcoming plenary session , so as to put greater pressure on both the council and the commission . lettera
the next item on the agenda is the requests for one-minute speeches , which we will continue to conduct in accordance with the instructions that i communicated to you by letter and which are gradually enabling us to carry out this item in a more organised fashion . lettera
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the europe that we are building is first and foremost an area of solidarity ; and that solidarity must be translated into action , even if the strict letter of the law does not quite match up to the hard reality that we are enduring . formulazione
i wish to thank the president of the commission for the way in which he responded in writing to the letter that i sent to him , in which he offered guarantees that the commission would not fail to help my country and those worst affected . lettera
in this context , the time has come to consider whether , on the one hand , the rules of a liberal economy should be followed to the letter , or , on the other hand , whether circumstances are in place that would justify some sort of regulatory intervention to protect the community ’ s interests . lettera
however , the council 's position will be reviewed – and this is an important point – in the light of updated forecasts due in the autumn amending letter to the pdb . lettera
. i have recently received a large number of letters from professionals in the hotel , catering and construction industries who have informed us of their legitimate concerns regarding a common position of the council on the exposure of workers to optical radiation . lettere
in actual fact , i myself sent a letter to you in april in which i questioned you about the threat of famine in niger . lettera
. mr president , i would like to quote a brief , revealing excerpt from a letter by an anonymous chinese protestant : ‘ i am really looking forward to receiving spiritual food ’ , something which , according to him , is in short supply in the official protestant church because the state keeps it on an ideological leash . lettera
these letters have remained unanswered . lettere
i have just received a letter from president barroso , and i have held working meetings with the vice-president , who is here at the moment , in which he proposes that we work together in this field . lettera
last week president barroso sent a letter to president borrell proposing that we identify initiatives where the commission and parliament could cooperate and also that our respective services meet as soon as possible to discuss such initiatives . lettera
first of all , we must continue to make every effort in order to give all those who work in our house , members and officials , the opportunity of attending language courses and secondly , you must encourage our officials to continue to respect our internal language rules to the letter and spirit . lettera
to put it simply , you can notify me by letter of the member state to which you are referring , and i will make every effort to check whether , in this instance , the member state has indeed set up the body responsible for monitoring the application of the provisions in question . lettera
this is where you really need to check with your colleagues , especially as you have received a letter to this effect from the parties directly involved and interested , the mechanics responsible for pre-flight checks on aircraft , that the directive of the european union – the number of which escapes me at the moment – allows for checks to be carried out by employees ... lettera
i can tell you that the commission has not received such a letter , but we have discussed the forecasts for payment with greece , as we do with all the member states several times a year . lettera
after that letter was sent a meeting was held – around a week ago – between the greek authorities and the commission . lettera
there is a letter from the minister of economic affairs to the prime minister of greece in which there is talk of such an extensive loss . NULL
this summer , the commissioner exchanged letters with the turkish foreign minister on the subject of the law on foundations , in the course of which the foreign minister rejected the improvements that the commissioner had suggested , and stated that such things were a matter for the parliament , and then only after 3 october . corrispondenza
i will let commissioner rehn reply to the specific points relating to your letter to him , but the council 's position on the need for full implementation , including the statement , has already been made clear . lettera
upon closer inspection , the word ‘ dead ’ was written on the door in red , cyrillic letters , and a 35 cm knife had been stuck in the middle of the door . caratteri
this is happening despite all the promises made as a result of official letters , parliamentary visits and ad hoc missions . lettere
mr president , i wrote to you at the end of last week to inform you of the recent events with regard to human rights violations in tunisia , but my letter is already out of date : one undoubtedly has to be prepared for anything and everything to happen in that country . lettera
i have sent two letters to the pakistani authorities in relation to the issues you have mentioned . missive
out of consideration for this kind of democratic opposition in syria , i should therefore like our parliament to stand behind mr labouani and you , mr president , to write a letter , for example to the syrian authorities , in order to draw attention to our concern and our disagreement . lettera
the letter helped bring about the reconciliation between poland and germany , and it was one of the factors that led to the conclusion of the historic treaty on the border between the two countries , which was signed five years later by willy brandt in warsaw . NULL
i should also like to commemorate the author of the letter , the archbishop of wrocław bolesław kominek , who was a silesian , a polish patriot and a great european . lettera
the two presidencies for next year , austria and finland , have even , in a letter dated 19 october , gone so far as to announce their own work programme for 2006 , so that is something for us to look forward to , as also to seeing how all these things can be brought together . lettera
when i raised this before , president borrell wrote a letter to the commission asking commissioners to be crisper in their answers . lettera
i should like to ask you to send a further letter , with much more ferocity , saying that what we look for as members are short answers , not long rambling speeches . lettera
i have here a copy of a letter from mr rasmussen , the prime minister of denmark , stating that he supports a change in the rules of procedure . NULL
i suspect that similar letters could be obtained from estonia and sweden to start off with . lettere
those few people from luxembourg who enjoy putting their signature to a threatening letter prepared by a powerful organisation , and , similarly , a press campaign denigrating my so-called lobbying in favour of the chemical industry , have not weakened my determination to vote with the majority of my fellow members , and this is on the basis of well-documented information that i have diligently researched . lettera
this year , for example , i and my colleagues have so far received over 100 letters from uk members of parliament about the human rights situation in vietnam alone and it is an issue that is debated on a regular basis within the uk parliament . lettere
last week , more than thirty meps signed a letter expressing the hope that both mr khodorkovsky and mr lebedev could have a new and fair trial , and that the conditions of their detention could be normalised . lettera
i recently received a letter from mrs gisela sánchez , wife of antonio sánchez , who will be awarded the andrei sakharov prize during the december session in strasbourg together with other members of the movement ‘ women in white ’ . lettera
in her letter she writes about serious health problems of her husband who continues to be denied necessary health care . lettera
mr president , i really do have to quote a great man of letters and say , ‘ alas , two souls dwell in my breast ’ . letterato
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as the council and the member states argued before the court , a teleological reading of the treaties once again leads to the letter of them being overturned , not to say violated , especially articles 135 and 280 of the ec treaty and 29 of the eu treaty , which clearly reserve criminal competence for the member states . sovvertirne
minutes before entering the chamber , i spoke once again to the recently appointed cuban ambassador to the european union , who has presented his letters of credence this morning to the presidency-in-office of the council , and i hope to be able to speak to the cuban foreign minister this afternoon . credenziali
far from congratulating austria on doing something positive and taking the lead in this area , the commission ’ s response was to send the austrian government an admonitory letter , in which it threatened to overturn the ban on circuses keeping wild animals – imposed not only by austria but also applying to some degree in other eu member states – on the grounds that the ban on performances by wild animals went against the free movement of services . lettera
i would like to remind you that i sent a letter to all of you some time ago now , explaining how i intended to manage this difficult point in our proceedings . lettera
the commission therefore decided to launch infringement proceedings against spain on this issue and sent a letter of formal notice on 21 march 2005 . lettera
in view of this lack of progress , in a few days i plan to send a letter to the competent authorities in spain asking them to take appropriate measures to remedy the situation . lettera
therefore , you can count on my commitment to ensure that eu public procurement rules are respected , both in the letter and the practice , of whatever legislation is approved in the future . lettera
this represents the commission ’ s original proposal which , after taking account of amending letters 1 , 2 and 3 , is more than half a billion euros above the council ’ s original position . lettere
in heading 1 : agriculture , the council reinstated the eur 150 million reduction from the first reading and accepted instead the commission ’ s amending letter 2 , which reduces expenditure on subheading 1a by eur 361 million compared to the preliminary draft budget . lettera
in heading 4 : external actions , the council reinstated its first reading and also accepted the commission ’ s amending letter 1 concerning traditional assistance for sugar protocol countries , allocating resources from its first reading margin . lettera
i would like also to thank parliament , and in particular , mr pittella , for taking into account so many aspects of the commission ’ s letter of executability of the amendments from the first reading . lettera
in order to facilitate the deal between the two arms of the budgetary authority , the commission has proposed amending letter 3 , which is technically well founded , but the commission will keep a close watch on the implementation of the 2006 budget and will not hesitate to use the budgetary tools at our disposal , if certain areas need to be reinforced . lettera
this proposal makes it possible for third countries to issue fishing licences on the date laid down in the exchange of letters between the two parties , even if the council decision has yet to be adopted . lettere
i am addressing the president of the commission when i say that we very much appreciate his writing to the british presidency on 12 december , and that we endorse what he had to say in that letter . lettera
i welcome mr barroso ’ s letter to the presidency-in-office about this week ’ s council . lettera
you wrote to mr blair on 20 october with five proposals to relaunch negotiations , and the british presidency has followed those to the letter , including accepting that in 2008 there will be a complete review of the eu budget , when the whole of the uk rebate will be on the table . lettera
the primary source of that doctrine is the 1 % budget proposal , the famous ‘ letter of six ’ : the proposal to have , to use the words of president barroso , ‘ a mini europe ’ . lettera
we only need , however , to say that there is a dictatorship in cuba too , and we receive tons of insulting letters from people finding excuses for that dictatorship . lettere
i have received letters , emails and representations from people who fear that governments will be able to listen to their telephone conversations and read their emails ! lettere
the european union has the duty to guarantee the letter and spirit of the treaties and guard our values . lettera
on 7 november , i sent a letter to both foreign ministers kalfin and ungureanu , in which i urged bulgaria and romania to take immediate and decisive action to address the gaps and shortcomings in their preparations . lettera
hence the need for implementation in the areas mentioned by the commissioner in his last report and in his letter – dated 9 november , i believe – to the governments of the two countries , and to which the president-in-office made reference here today , namely corruption , organised crime , border security , food safety within the european single market , consequences for the internal market itself , the rule of law and the development of administration and the justice system . lettera
the first letters have arrived from people expressing their approval , and since our aim is to focus on the user and not to ignore public opinion , this approval is important . lettere
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this really is a minimal adjustment , just to make it clearer that the letter of amendment is consistent with number two – the agreement made between parliament and the council – but it really is an adjustment to the form , which does not in the least affect the content . lettera
regarding letter of amendment no 2 , the danish liberal party wishes to solve the problems of famine in developing countries , but believes that doing so requires a far more serious and coordinated effort than that indicated in this proposal . riguarda
regarding letter of amendment no 6 , the danish liberal party supports reform of the reimbursement of travel expenses , so that all reasonable and necessary travel expenses are refunded . NULL
i am aware , thanks to cope , that on 29 november of last year , the president of the autonomous community of la rioja sent you a letter , mr president , asking you to cooperate and actively to defend spanish , in the knowledge that the commission had cut the number of translators and interpreters in that language by 33 % . lettera
that letter was sent to president zapatero , as well as commissioner almunia , but none of you have done anything to defend spanish on this occasion . lettera
this very morning , in fact , i signed a letter addressed to you in response to what you had told me about this matter . lettera
the issue was brought up during the eu-russia summit in october following a letter sent by mr barroso to mr putin . lettera
however that may be , that compromise is now on the table and while it does not follow the committee on agriculture ’ s proposed amendments to the letter , it has to be said that , as it stands , it is a remarkable confirmation of how far the council has moved from the original proposals . lettera
it is not simply a matter of following the interinstitutional agreement to the letter . interistituzionale
i repeated this when i appeared before the committee on agriculture on 13 september 2005 and when i wrote a follow-up letter to all the members of that committee on 26 september 2005 . lettera
a good example of this is the letter that came this week from the biggest environmental organisations , which gives the wrong picture of the opportunity that is possibly now opening up to them of access to justice in court . lettera
the letter fails to mention that the environmental organisations do by no means aspire to the same level as companies , regarding which there is a call for this decision to affect them ‘ directly and individually ’ , in other words , as an interested party . NULL
an example of this is the letter that came this week from the biggest environmental organisations , which gives a misleading picture of the right to access to justice that is now possibly opening up to them . lettera
the letter fails to mention that at present the environmental organisations do by no means aspire to the same level as companies , regarding which there is a call for this decision to affect them ‘ directly and individually ’ , in other words , as an interested party . NULL
i will conclude by expressing my grave disappointment with the letter from the three presidents of national parliaments . lettera
the sight of many former members of the convention in this chamber reminds me of the dedication with which members of the national parliaments worked with us on the draft constitution , of the important proposals they had to make , and , in view of that , i simply cannot regard this letter from the three presidents as being the last word on the subject . lettera
the debate that must take place on the constitution has to be a european debate , and the letter sent by the three presidents of national parliaments shows that responsibility for the debate cannot be left at national level , but that there is a need for a truly european body , like this parliament , to conduct it and – all right , yes , we must say it openly – to steer it as well . lettera
the eu has repeatedly expressed its concern at this draft , notably in its letter of 22 november 2005 to the speaker of the duma , mr gryzlov , and at a troika démarche on 2 december 2005 . lettera
president daul explained this by means of a letter to commissioner fisher-boel . lettera
on behalf of all of you , i have sent a letter to both heads of state to express our condolences . scritto
i will give you an example : if even germany now deviates from the principle that the postage charge for a standard letter should be the same both internally and to all 24 other member states , then we have to consider what that means . lettera
a standard letter in germany now costs 55 cent , but the same letter to any other eu country costs 70 cent , the first time there has been a difference . ordinaria
a high watermark of philatelic interference , perforated only by ignorance of british tradition and a wish to kill letter writing stone dead . epistolografia
it is necessary in my view to prevent this public service , with the advent of liberalisation , from becoming merely an economic service , in which only the wealthier sections of society will be able to enjoy the basic right to send a letter , with the universal provision of service denied to the least privileged members of society and to those living in outlying regions . lettera
open the drawer containing letters of formal notice , so that voters and elected representatives can see which aspects of our laws the commission does not like . lettere
we shall continue to need great political will on the part of the union so that respect for human rights genuinely provides added value in international agreements and in the promotion of dignity and so that the introduction of the clause is not a dead letter and so that it is not used in a hypocritical fashion and only applied when it suits our interests . lettera
the important thing is that there should be a large majority the day after tomorrow , not only as a matter of principle , but because we all know , for example , that there is a letter from six member states to the commission , that there are also still some questions open in the commission and that a large majority in parliament will of course send the commission and the council a signal that they must go along with parliament ’ s opinion on this . lettera
this , by the way , is confirmed by the decrease in funding of general education and culture programmes for 2007-2013 , which was the subject of a persuasive letter by the committee on culture and education to all the group leaders of the european parliament . lettera
if we now accept a directive full of new obstacles that are conflicting with the spirit and letter of the founding treaties of the european union , we cannot hope that the lisbon programme , intending to create jobs and new european growth , would be successful , because we would actually restrict this market for another 30 years . lettera
a march was held in brussels last week and the flemish minister of foreign affairs sent a letter to the turkish ambassador in brussels demanding clarification . lettera
mr president , the art of letter writing is certainly flourishing . scrivere
she recently took it upon herself to send a letter to the polish government concerning the merger of two polish banks . lettera
the commissioner ’ s offensive letter is paternalistic in the extreme , and typical of the attitude of the countries of the old union to the new member states . lettera
as regards the issue of visas , first of all , i would like to make it very clear in particular to mrs gröner – but also to those who wrote me letters after the seminar of 8 march – that i have never intended , wanted or planned to introduce visas for women . lettera
in conclusion , commissioner , i obviously hope that the commission will listen to parliament 's proposals , but i also hope that , beyond our european institutions , the various players – in the member states , in the regions and in the chambers of commerce – and the various professional players will take note of the letter and the spirit of this report , so that restructuring is not a death sentence but rather an opportunity for these businesses and these workers to bounce back . lettera
i have received a letter today from mr harald rømer , the deputy secretary-general , in which he explains to me that this decision has been made because an oral reply was given to a similar question from me in february . lettera
nevertheless , i shall look into the situation of the letter that you say you have addressed to me and the reply which i imagine must be being dealt with . lettera
governments can be expected to abide by the spirit as well as the letter of the treaties and of european law . lettera
president barroso has already sent the relevant letter to president borrell , in which he points out that , if the arrangement stays as it was in december , the health and consumer protection sector not only will not have sufficient resources , but also this sector will have fewer financial resources in 2007 than it had in 2006 . lettera
moreover , we have requested that eta send its ceasefire letter to hamas so that hamas might take inspiration from it . lettera
the intention of the last exchange of letters on the lloyds case between us , mr president , was to close the matter and assure the petitioners of the support of the european parliament . lettere
as i reminded you in that letter , parliament ’ s most recent resolution on the subject – adopted in june 2005 – confirms its impression that there are substantive and reasonable grounds to believe that the first non-life insurance directive and its later , modified versions were not properly transposed and applied in the united kingdom . lettera
may i ask when we can expect an answer to the above letters ? lettere
i can inform you that i have received a letter from mr bonde and mr farage , co-chairmen of the independence and democracy group , in which they ask me to withdraw the presidency ’ s announcement of 15 march on the restructuring of that political group . lettera
i shall give you an example , mr barroso and mr verheugen : a letter from unice was all it took to drastically cut back the air quality strategy , despite a eur 2 million impact assessment that said that the costs to consider were not only the costs to businesses but also the costs to people ’ s health . lettera
what i really wanted to ask was what possibility is there of amending this decision immediately , what possibility is there of amending the regulation on tacs and quotas , so that the pelagic longlines at least – which fish hake with nets that do less harm , as you yourself acknowledge in letters that i have seen – can return to those waters ; and what timescales the commission has in mind for the definitive regulation of fixed gillnets , so that the sector does not have to remain in a situation of uncertainty . lettere
in all recent cases that have been dealt with , when the commission and the council have applied the rules of the excessive deficit procedure , in accordance with the letter and the sprit of the revised pact , there has been full consensus and there have not been the political discrepancies and difficulties that arose last time . lettera
– mr president , commissioner , i want to give my honourable friend mrs pack an explanation as regards the letter . lettera
i receive such letters , just like everyone else . lettere
i regret the fact that the commission has not to date made the gesture of withdrawing its letter of formal notice to the danish government . lettera
i would therefore ask you , commissioner , to withdraw the letter of formal notice addressed to denmark following tomorrow ’ s vote when a large majority of parliament has voted in favour of the document . lettera
mr president , i have some really good news : the president of the commission , mr barroso , and the vice-president , mr verheugen , have today promised to withdraw the three extant letters of formal notice concerning fluorinated gases . lettere
another of my priorities , as you will recall – it was the subject of my letters to the president-in-office of the council , and of some of my statements here in parliament – was to secure additional funding for programmes that reach out to our citizens , such as culture , youth , health and consumer protection . lettere
it started with the letter to mr prodi from six heads of state and government two years ago , envisaging reducing the budget to 1 % of gni – a deeply corrosive policy . lettera
and i would also like to ask if you could find out from mr kofi annan exactly what was said about the existence of israel in the letter he received from the palestinian foreign minister ? lettera
i would like to put on record a letter written yesterday by professor trakatellis , chairman of the conciliation committee , and by me as rapporteur to president barroso : lettera
the letter is signed by my colleague professor trakatellis and me . lettera
( ) mr president , the international covenant on civil and political rights states that no one may be unlawfully detained and that imprisonment must be in keeping with the letter of the law . lettera
dozens of emails and letters inform us that the mere adoption of laws is far from satisfactory in solving the problems or in changing existing practice in this area . lettere
i am glad to continue to respond to your letters concerning bulgaria and romania and the progress made in these two countries . lettere
as a member of the committee on culture and education , i have decided to send a letter to my country ’ s minister for national education calling for him to take appropriate action faced with these disgraceful acts . lettera
i have in my hand a letter from the finance minister in my region which admits that eu funds acquired for northern ireland are diverted instead directly into the uk central exchequer and are thereby used to reduce the level of uk-wide taxation and borrowing that is then necessary . lettera
i have heard that the president himself has already duly sent a letter to the city of strasbourg . lettera
therefore now , commissioner , i will hand over to you the letter written by members of the european parliament , as well as , symbolically , a few of the thousands of letters written to you by people and civil organisations in transylvania . lettera
together with the austrian presidency of the european union , i recently sent a letter to the russian energy minister , mr khristenko , on the issue of energy cooperation and in particular gas interdependency . lettera
in this letter we reiterated the importance the eu attributes to deepening energy relations with russia , the eu ’ s most important energy supplier . lettera
that is why , at the same time as assessing this candidature , we sent a letter to the president of ecofin , mr karl-heinz grasser , the main points of which i should like to go over in this house . lettera
that is the spirit in which we composed this letter to the president of ecofin . lettera
in the coordinators ’ meeting following that committee meeting , we jointly agreed to write a letter to mr grasser , as well as starting a more fundamental debate about the nomination procedure , particularly the upgrading and reinforcement of the role of the european parliament in such nomination procedures . lettera
the chairman of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , mrs berès , has written a letter to the austrian council presidency proposing procedural improvements , as she has just stated . lettera
we will be very vigilant in ensuring that the letter and spirit of all agreements are complied with . lettera
it was not possible and the final round of interinstitutional meetings has led to a final result practically identical to that indicated by the european council , with 1 % of the budget , which is what the ‘ letter of six ’ originally called for , and with negative consequences in terms of cohesion and rural development . lettera
the presidency of the council has already stated , in a letter to the rapporteurs mr mitchell and mr van den berg , that it is prepared to start talks next week , and i was grateful to hear mrs morgantini discuss the necessity for these talks in her speech . lettera
i am grateful to all of you for your willingness to cooperate with the presidency , and i should like to end by quoting from the letter to which i referred earlier : lettera
these important issues were also brought up for discussion very recently in a letter from the energy commissioner , mr piebalgs , and the president of the energy council , mr bartenstein , to the russian energy minister , mr christenko . lettera
indeed , i welcome his open and constructive approach in meetings and in the recent letter with regard to the issues of informing parliament about the activities of the energy community and addressing some of the concerns of my committee over social and human rights issues . lettera
i welcome his letter ’ s assertion that he considers it of the utmost importance that parliament is fully informed in advance of important decisions to be adopted by the energy community . lettera
the final point – by what means and by whom will parliament be informed of the position taken by the commission within the various organs of the energy community treaty – has been answered in general terms in the commissioner ’ s letter . lettera
however , there have been concerns , and the helpful letter from commissioner piebalgs does not entirely answer these . lettera
given that the two largest states of the euro zone , france and germany , have remained in contravention of the stability pact for years on end without finding the necessary inner strength to enact essential reforms , it is imperative that we , in this current phase involving the entry of member states with a derogation , fulfil the conditions of the maastricht treaty to the letter . lettera
i also sent a letter to mr frattini , calling on the commission to update the rules on data protection in the sis ii decision for the purposes of consistency . lettera
he forgot to add that he was quick to join my criticism of the president of the commission when he and mrs martens sent a joint letter with similar content to the commission president . lettera
secondly , are we really going to wait for the assessment of the commission in autumn , regarding the date and conditions of accession for romania and bulgaria , if we have already extracted this through an exchange of letters ? lettere
i could refrain from pointing it out and send a letter to mr poettering instead but , precisely because we are talking about discrimination , rights and equal opportunities , i am outraged as a woman , as an italian woman … lettera
the letter of the law is important and must be controlled , but its application must be equally controlled . lettera
we might also recall the explosive reaction to the letter sent by the un special rapporteurs in april warning about the situation of mr son jong nam . lettera
using a letter to dismiss this – admittedly very difficult – issue just testifies once again to remoteness from ordinary citizens . come
the president of parliament has also received a letter from the president of the polish parliament expressing his concern and rejection of the resolution adopted by the european parliament . lettera
that letter has been passed on to the members of the conference of presidents where it will be subjected to political analysis at its next meeting . lettera
i hope that the letters from the presidents of the parliaments of catalonia and galicia which have been addressed to the presidency will help to win the respect and support of those people who have opposed what will be a great step forward in terms of bringing more than 11 million speakers of those languages closer to the european union . lettere
parliament ’ s services will ascertain whether those letters have arrived or whether they are still on their way to us . lettere
what the lobbying letters from the aviation industry are really saying , putting forward every excuse in the world , is this : ‘ just don ’ t touch us , we are somehow special . lettere
another basic parameter , which was the subject of a letter from qualified olympic airways aircraft engineers dated 8 october 2004 and the corresponding reply , which i have here , from mr barrot dated 18 january 2005 , concerns pre-flight checks . lettera
in the second paragraph of mr barrot 's letter , in reply to the trade union representatives who are responsible for checking the airworthiness of aircraft , it says that , as far as pre-flight inspections are concerned , the analysis of the current legal situation at european union level ( law 2042 / 2003 ) confirms that pre-flight inspections do not qualify as technical inspections . NULL
we will watch carefully to see that the letter and spirit of openness is upheld in the coming months . lettera
that is why , in my opinion , referring to the cotonou agreement in this context is inappropriate , as this agreement deals with fair trade written in lower case letters and not capital letters . inappropriato
irrespective of whether fair trade is written with capital or small letters , for me , it is very important that attention is drawn to the fact that the ‘ fair trade ’ label , under the corresponding conditions , can be a model for the global market . minuscola
they have been documented in a letter by commissioner ferrero-waldner . lettera
our intention has been , and continues to be , to act in line with both the letter and the spirit of the framework agreement . lettera
i could perhaps say in one sentence that the commission has sent a warning letter as regards the presumed incorrect application by the spanish authorities of the amended directive on the impact of public and private works on the environment in the case of the project to construct the m30 orbital road in madrid . lettera
this letter was sent by the commission on 10 april 2006 , in accordance with article 226 of the treaty , and spain replied on 13 july 2006 . lettera
i would like to say the following : the commission ’ s letter of notice made it very clear that , in the commission ’ s view , the content of directive 85 / 337 , which makes environmental impact studies for this type of public work essential , had not been respected . lettera
we must also be aware that , in order to be useful in such a difficult situation , the troops deployed will have to be respected , and , in order for that to happen , they will have to be strong , that is to say , they will need to have the resources appropriate to their mission and to have the right and the duty to implement them not only in the case of self-defence , that is to say , when their own soldiers are in danger , but also when the spirit or the letter of lettera
on trade issues , if eu markets are to remain open , we have to see to it that we need a genuine , bilateral and multilateral response from china implementing the letter and spirit of the wto commitments . lettera
i too received the letter from the chinese representatives , to which perhaps this reaction is attributable , for it does indeed contain some astounding so-called refutations of the claims made in the resolution . lettera
letters have already been sent out drawing the attention of the member states to their obligations . lettere
i would say to you once again : the directorate-general for transport has handled 5 623 letters , which means that we can already identify certain trends . lettere
i think – maybe not in the letter , but at least in spirit – we are heading in the same direction . andando
we have followed our rules of procedure to the letter . lettera
the committee on economic and monetary affairs took the view that a resolution by parliament was not necessary for that opinion , and mrs berès , chairman of that committee , has sent a letter to the president of ecofin expressing the committee on economic and monetary affairs ' positive opinion of the technical adaptations to be carried out . lettera
thirdly , the way in which the contents are listed must be changed , so that the wording on the outside of the feed container makes it quite clear , in large letters , what the feed may and may not be used for . mangime
it cannot be said in respect of government debt and net deficits - the two points which repeatedly crop up in the debate - that the criteria have to be observed to the letter : there are phrases such as ' declined substantially and continuously ' , or achieving the aim ' at a satisfactory pace ' . formulazione
so it is no longer a question of letters not dropping into letter boxes but more of sub-post-offices disappearing more and more in recent years in many member states and particularly in the peripheral areas . recapito
sixthly , any liberalization of direct mail would be impossible to police , open to abuse by larger mailers and it would be better if it continued to be treated as part of the general letter service . postale
i can tell you here and now that rules 4 and 5 of the rules of procedure will be applied , and applied to the letter . rispettati
in the committee on budgets we gave an opinion favourable to the association agreement between the european union and the kingdom of morocco in a letter signed by the chairman of the committee himself . lettera
we are worried about the fact that the edinburgh facility , the economic investment fund that was established in edinburgh , has remained a dead letter . lettera
many of the other good ferry services we could have linking cross- channel states of the community have remained another dead letter because there has been no funding . lettera
the council has scarcely budged , and at the moment the whole scheme is tending to look like a dead letter . mosso
but the broad economic policy guidelines are also a vital instrument in our progress towards economic and monetary union , and must be applied to the letter . scrupolosamente
what is worse , if we followed today 's recommendations to the letter , our already stagnating growth would be slowed still further . ristagnante
we were guided by two imperatives : the need to listen carefully to the profession ; and the need to respect the spirit and the letter of the treaty , as clarified by the case law of the recent gebhard judgment . lettera
what is the view of the commission regarding the content of letters sent by the irish department of transport and energy and communications , in june and on 5 july 1995 to the bidders for the second mobile phone licence process , to the effect that the eu and the department of transport , energy and communications had fixed a £ 15 million ' entrance fee ' for the new operator ? lettere
by letter of 27 april 1995 the commission had to draw the attention of the minister to certain conditions of the call for tender which could appear to be discriminatory . NULL
the commission letter also mentioned that such an initial payment would lead to higher tariffs to recoup the money paid thus rendering the mobile service less affordable and restricting consumer access to the market contrary to the objective behind council recommendation 87 / 378 . lettera
subsequent to this letter , the representatives of the irish government during a bilateral meeting held in brussels suggested to cap the initial payment and to impose a similar payment on telecom eireann . lettera
the commission was not consulted on the letters of june and 5 july 1995 mentioned in the honourable member 's question . lettere
it so happens that by means of a press release and a letter signed by to commission officials , it was decided that the 1991 regulation would not enter into force . lettera
the european parliament , through a vote in the committee on legal affairs and a letter from president hänsch , initiated the process to take the commission to court for failing to comply with community law , for the failure to apply the 1991 regulation . lettera
in addition , there was a direct proposal from mr eisma , who asked me for a response to parliament 's letter of 13 may to the commission . lettera
firstly , it should not be forgotten that the dayton agreements have been signed - and signed in their totality - and must be complied with in both their letter and spirit . lettera
this attitude negates the very spirit and letter of the conciliation procedure . lettera
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , the european parliament has not let slip any opportunity of complaining that the free movement of individuals , a treaty requirement which should have become reality on 1 january 1993 , remains a dead letter . lettera
mr president , there is no getting away from the fact that nuclear tests run counter to the letter and spirit of the nuclear weapons reduction treaties because they are intended to promote qualitative improvement of nuclear weapons , which is of greater significance than an increase in their quantity or their geographical proliferation . lettera
in a letter the deputy prime minister and minister of finance of slovakia addressed to the commission at the beginning of the year , he took note of the commission 's proposal to repeal the financial assistance and conceded that this assistance is no longer justified . lettera
this unilateral change in the priority of the major projects , without the european parliament 's agreement , goes against the letter and spirit of the orders of article 129 of the maastricht treaty , which explicitly require a joint decision by the council and parliament before the priority of major projects can be changed . lettera
the commission must make the necessary effort along with the member states so that free movement of capital does not remain a dead letter here and so that obstacles such as double taxation , amongst other things , might be overcome . lettera
there is absolutely no reason why this house should allow members to accept gifts , and if we instruct the bureau to draw up a definition of what constitutes a gift , it must take account of the spirit and the letter of the rules of procedure we adopt . spirito
barely a fortnight ago , commissioner , on 1 july , you sent a letter to the chairman of the committee on transport and tourism in which you said , firstly , that parliament should be involved in any changes made to the list of priority projects ; secondly , that your intention was to consider whether such an amendment to the guidelines for the network would be appropriate - which means , if that last phrase makes any sense at all , that you wanted to consider whether or not an amendment to the list of priority projects was lettera
now you tell us , in your letter of 12 july , that in the event of any possible changes to the essen list being proposed , you would ascertain whether or not these had been identified in annexes i and ii . lettera
i would refer to the statement made by mr dini during the debate on 3 july , i think it was , and to commissioner kinnock 's letter of 1 july , both of which are quite clear on this point . lettera
i would point out that the budget procedure offers us a very practical way of ensuring that these promises are carried out to the letter . generoso
no-one will need to be told that this is a multiple development and it is clear that consideration of the issue must be undertaken with strict observance of the letter and the spirit of the compromise achieved in the conciliation committee and now recommended to this house . lettera
by ' style ' i mean that only two or three years ago there were considerable tensions and perhaps too much sensitivity in the opinions and exchanges of letters between the commission and the court of auditors . corrispondenza
mr mcmahon , the problem lies in the fact that we must of course also reach agreement with the british government , and there was indeed an extended exchange of letters on this subject , during which , in the interest of the inclusion of the local authorities , amongst other things , the commission requested changes . lettere
it is essential that this morning , when mr spring winds up this debate , he should state very clearly that we will not simply have an exchange of letters with the united states on the unilateral and illegal action being taken , not only in helms-burton , but the threatened action on iran and libya ; that there will be firm and decisive action taken as a reprisal against the united states because of the likely injustice that will be meted out to european citizens . lettere
i do not think letters are sufficient . lettere
congress goaded us last week , mr spring , and said that all it expected from europe was a strongly worded letter from president santer . lettera
it is overwhelmingly the fault of the ecofin council that jacques delors ' white paper has so far largely remained a dead letter as far as the funding of trans-european networks is concerned . lettera
i am ready to admit that the rules should be applied to the letter and i am even in favour of doing so , but is the machine superior to human intentions ? lettera
my group feels that the unilateral resumption , by the russian army , of the military offensive in chechnya is incompatible with the spirit and letter of the agreement currently in force between the european union and the russian federation . lettera
the next item is the debate on the report ( a4-0241 / 96 ) by mr galeote quecedo , on behalf of the committee on external economic relations , on the proposal for a council decision on the conclusion of the protocol to the agreement in the form of an exchange of letters between the european economic community and the principality of andorra following the accession of the republic of austria , the republic of finland and the kingdom of sweden to the european union ( com ( 95 ) 0745 - c4-0383 / 96-96 / 0009 ( cns ) lettere
we have in the course of this legislation made repeated representations to congressional leaders in a variety of forms through demarches , letters and in other ways . lettere
but under title 4 , which is the provision which requires the united states government to exclude individuals from entering the country if they are targeted under this legislation , and you have heard from mr cassidy that applies to families of individuals , individual companies have received letters from the united states administration indicating in some cases that they are suspect , in some cases a little bit more than that . lettere
in the letter of understanding that the commission forwarded to parliament , and in its communication on cohesion policy and the environment , the commission has listed a great many measures in relation to which , as the latest discussions with the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection have shown , we have definitely made some progress , although this can only be recorded in future reports . NULL
commissioner monti has today shown me a letter which shows quite clearly that the commission did despatch the information and as publicly as i criticized them yesterday i should like to say today that i accept that without reservation . lettera
but we simply cannot have a situation - and nobody has yet given us an answer on this point - in which one part of the commission is sending out a sort of dunning letter , saying ' the common transit system is collapsing . do something ! ' , while another part of the commission is actually extending this collapsing system . lettera
the two letters which our committee sent to commissioner kinnock form an important element in our approach . sostanziale
following earlier talks , i regard these letters as a gentlemen 's agreement between the commission and parliament . lettere
since one or two letters of reply to us have been drafted , i would ask him to urge mr kinnock to read our two letters through again very carefully . bozze
i do of course know what these letters say , since i signed them on behalf of the committee , and i would point out that we are not asking for a new committee to be set up - in fact we specifically say that this is not what we want - we simply ask whether our objectives can be achieved through the existing committees . NULL
to avoid any unnecessary correspondence , i would ask mr van den broek to take the matter up with mr kinnock and ask him to read our letters once again . lettere
i have noted that , and we await your letter . lettera
what is more - and i know that the commissioner is someone who always follows the court 's judgments to the letter - when it comes to the judgments regarding retrospective action and the time from which women , and in particular part-time workers , can claim their pension rights , i have noticed that the commission is choosing not to apply article 119 , as the court has done this year , but instead has gone back to the barber judgment of 1990 , which means that 14 years are effectively lost for many , many women . fedelmente
in a personal letter he has written to me he mentions the fact that this has been a slow process of european legislation not being operated at the right speed . missiva
i am still keeping a letter that mrs çiller sent me and the other 626 members of this parliament in which she asks us to help her so that she can achieve all this . lettera
i have kept the letter because it is not every day that i receive letters from prime ministers . lettera
rereading this letter today could make one laugh again till the tears come , for no promises have been kept . rileggendola
we run the risk of finding ourselves with a jumble of various instruments in this field , more especially conventions and protocols and , indeed , protocols and conventions on the same issue , such as corruption , with the far from edifying result that they are ineffective because the conventions will remain a dead letter while at the same time helping to generate a great deal of confusion . lettera
wasn 't there a letter from mrs scrivener starting ' my dear franz , if ever the ministers were to find out that you signed a secret agreement , etc .... ' ? lettera
so that there is no ambiguity about this - and we have had also within this parliament an important dialogue on this point - at this stage it is clearly the wish - also expressed in a recent letter by mr hänsch to the president-in-office of the council - to have an overall approach towards these three programmes . lettera
that would have been the time to point the finger at those - such as the british government - who are now writing clever letters asking us to please find the ecu 100 m after all . lettere
lest there be any misunderstanding or misrepresentation , such as today 's ill-informed letter from the uk permanent representation , let the clear message go from here today that , first and last , it is the european parliament which has acted and continues to act as the primary guarantor of funding for the peace process in northern ireland . lettera
in the case of belgium , the letter of formal notice , the first stage in infringement procedures , as the honourable member knows , was communicated to the belgian government on 15 september and we await their response within the deadline of two months . lettera
therefore , if we are going to accept , and we will , as a reflection of the agreement reached based on a letter from mrs bjerregaard to mr florenz , dated 14 october 1996 , then that is the basis upon which we have agreed . lettera
i am quite happy with the letter which the commissioner sent in reply to the demands by mr florenz . lettera
i therefore welcome the fact that mrs bjerregaard has promised , in a letter to the rapporteur , that she will bring forward such a framework directive on the basis of the guidelines set out by the rapporteur , focusing on emission standards as the most appropriate instrument , combined with the principles of prevention , precaution and action at source . lettera
i should therefore like to hear from mrs bjerregaard when she intends to submit the proposal for a directive , and whether it has been correctly understood from her letter that the commission has now committed itself to following the guidelines contained in this report when it brings forward the framework directive . lettera
several speakers here today have also referred to the letter which i sent to the rapporteur and the chairman of the committee on the environment , and i naturally stand by the text of that letter . lettera
the slorc regime , despite representations from the ambassadors of member states present in rangoon , refused me permission to visit her despite the fact that i was carrying a letter from the president of the european parliament informing her officially of the award of the sakharov prize . lettera
admittedly , following close on the dublin summit , the french and german governments published a joint letter about stronger cooperation , but there is no evidence in this of the flexibility we would need for enlargement . lettera
that is immediately clear if you consider how impossible it is for the courts to prosecute criminals who move to another member state ; in such cases they are able to act only by means of letters of request - a lengthy and impracticable process which leaves the person under investigation plenty of time to regularize his situation . rogatoria
this proposal for a programme of community action is entirely in keeping with the letter and the spirit of the treaty . lettera
in a letter to the committee on the environment , mrs bjerregaard has promised to comply with these demands . lettera
in the light of this letter , the pse group will vote in favour of parliament 's report , since it guarantees , together with the letter from mrs bjerregaard , a sound water policy for the future . lettera
on the matter mr scapagnini raises about my own willingness to maintain contact with parliament and this matter being the subject of a letter he wrote to president hänsch on 10 october , i wish to put on the record that i took part in direct contacts with parliament and its committee on research , technological development and energy on 6 march , 26 june , 9 july , 25 september in dublin and last week at the socialist group meeting . lettera
madam president , i sent the president a letter yesterday jointly with mr kristoffersen , concerning an amendment , amendment no 635 to budget heading 1872 . lettera
in my view , madam president , this decision infringes both the letter and the spirit of rule 134 of our rules of procedure and i know that not only mr kristoffersen and myself but a whole lot of other people too are concerned about it . lettera
this , madam president , is why i asked in my letter for the admissibility of this amendment to be checked . lettera
this could only be done under some kind of orwellian ministry of truth , and the committee on external economic relations has unanimously rejected this notion in a letter to the president . lettera
a commission spokesperson argues that this is contrary to the letter and spirit of the agreement on the european economic area , but in fact it is the dumping faced by community producers which is really contrary to both letter and spirit . lettera
that would put an end to the unholy practice of provisionally implementing international protocols by means of exchanges of letters and circumventing parliament . lettere
my letter to the secretary-general is not dependent on the debate ; i simply wished to make the point that on wednesday , the house will be discussing both the situation itself and the measures we are expecting from the european union . NULL
half of the governments accused of failing to apply eu law have not replied to mr monti 's letters six months after they were despatched . lettere
in a letter addressed to la fayette , he remarked : ' the pillage of the peoples of europe is part of the revolution ' . lettera
the european parliament has an essential obligation to support all of these commission proposals since it must be acknowledged that the latter is producing them at short notice and in the spirit and letter of the maastricht treaty . lettera
first , we are - and i am - in favour of a just peace between the israelis and palestinians , and therefore in favour of the spirit and the letter of the oslo agreements , which must be applied . lettera
in the interests of fairness and justice i believe that this practice should end and that the spirit as well as the letter of the law should prevail . lettera
i can assure you that earlier today i received a letter from both organizations guaranteeing it will be taken care of as a matter of the utmost urgency . lettera
on friday i followed that meeting with a letter to her to express my concerns at the developments in france , urging her to continue to work towards solving the issue . lettera
i am certain that , in order to sustain confidence , we need to stand by the stability criteria in accordance with the letter and spirit of the maastricht treaty . lettera
it should also be pointed out that government investment expenditure is not excluded from the calculation of the deficit , which is a violation of the spirit and , in part , of the letter of the treaty . lettera
from this viewpoint , i must refer to a phrase recently penned by the former german chancellor , helmut schmidt , in a letter to the governor of the bundesbank and published in le monde . lettera
these examples - and , sadly , i could quote others - show the difficulty of reconciling the letter of the treaty with the stability pact , quite simply because the latter was not originally envisaged . lettera
i would therefore ask you , as a greek and as a parliamentary president , to write a letter to the greek government and demand that citizens of the union be treated properly . lettera
but the emphasis , from parliament 's point of view , should be on having the letter of the law complied with in so far as the making of these agreements is concerned . lettera
the issue is that there is an opt-out and it is wholly predictable that the uk has reservations , as you said in your letter . lettera
i wish to quote from the letter that gillian shephard wrote to you in which she says : ' we do not wish to go down the path suggested by the commission . ' lettera
it is very clear from this letter that the uk government does not want any involvement of social partners or the issue of social partnership . parole
madam president , commissioner , i have here a letter which took five days to get from belgium to the netherlands . lettera
i am especially glad that in their letters president chirac and chancellor kohl stated that qualified majority decisions would be the rule in the council , that certain exceptions could be made but that majority decisions would be the rule . lettere
why bother with the report by a tiny president when we had a letter written by two huge , dynamic presidents ? documento
mr president , the outline treaty presented in dublin and the joint franco-german letter both evade the true problems and only drive the igc ever further along the federalist path , which solves nothing and is unwanted by citizens . lettera
my question is as follows : does the commission intend to respect and apply totally the letter and the spirit of the european parliament 's resolution of 19 september 1996 on the political situation in turkey ? lettera
in that respect , the letter from chancellor kohl and president chirac is most encouraging . lettera
the 19 september 1995 resolution on turkey will be respected by the commission both in the letter and the spirit . lettera
the letter states that if we do not reach agreement the commission undertakes to withdraw these projects . documento
mr president , i would like to thank the president of the commission for his specific declaration that the commission intends to respect and apply the spirit and the letter of the resolution of 16 september 1996 . lettera
although i say that there is no basic difference between the commission and parliament over the 19 september 1995 resolution on turkey , it goes without saying that the commission will not lay before you drafts that do not correspond to the letter and the spirit of that resolution . lettera
corresponding proposals have already been formulated in the oecd , but so far have unfortunately remained a dead letter . lettera
i asked him if the european commission would be acting in line with both the spirit and the letter of the resolution we adopted here on 19 september 1996 . lettera
the reply by the president of the commission fails to reassure me that the commission does intend to comply fully with the spirit and letter of the resolution adopted by the european parliament on 19 september . lettera
so there is no guarantee at all that the spirit and the letter of the resolution of 19 september 1996 will be upheld . lettera
that was not a point of order , but as it is a humanitarian point it will be noted and referred to the president so that he can write a letter on the subject , if he sees fit . lettera
there has been talk of non-existent or forged letters . lettere
and consequently mr bösch , chairman of the delegation to the eu-slovak republic joint parliamentary committee , sent a letter to his slovak colleagues deploring these facts . lettera
mr president , like mr eisma i am a member of the delegation of the eu to slovakia , the joint parliamentary committee , and i have just received a copy of the letter from our chairman mr bösch to his opposite number , mr huska , expressing grave concern about the developments which have taken place . lettera
i think that europe and the european commission must make sure in its euro-mediterranean association agreement that the human rights clause is enforced and does not remain a dead letter . lettera
guaranteeing access , at reasonable prices , to the union market , for traditional suppliers , without jeopardising the reserve fro up and coming producers ; -guaranteeing priority access to acp producers in accordance with the letter and spirit of the lomé conventions ; -guaranteeing union producers income support to offset their higher production costs and guarantee them arrangements to make them more competitive.after so many disputes and difficulties , with so many political compromises , the commission has now come along and for some unknown reason decided to destroy that balance , by increasing the banana / dollar quota lettera
the committee on budgetary control and this rapporteur decided to accept as sufficient the promises made in a letter from commissioner fischler that by 31 december this year , that is , a year later than should have been the case in theory , all the member states except the three new ones would have this system up and running . lettera
secondly , i would ask you to confirm that the letter was sent to the member concerned and to read to this house that letter so that everyone is aware of exactly what has been said on behalf of this parliament to a member who engaged in a breach of conduct in this house . lettera
i think that reading out that letter , in other words the two paragraphs which we have heard , means that the reprimanding of the member in question has been made public , which is of course in itself a form of disciplinary action . missiva
hence the bureau considered - and i have read out the minutes of its meeting - that mr hänsch , in application of his powers to ensure order in the chamber , was fully authorized to send a letter to the member concerned . lettera
you are asking me to read out that letter . lettera
i would make the point that if i read out mr hänsch 's letter , then i must also read out mr pasty 's reply , and for a very clear reason : anyone who is facing an accusation has the right to be heard , and naturally the rules provide for such an opportunity for self-defence . lettera
in these circumstances , and in view of the fact that the rules do not specify whether or not the letters should be read out , i shall leave that decision to the house . lettere
i now put to the house my proposal to read out the letters in question . lettere
( parliament agreed to the proposal ) i shall therefore read out the letters . lettere
mr president , i am delighted you are going to read the letter . lettera
however , i am appalled at the letter from mr pasty which you read . lettera
the letter from germany and france contains a proposal that this should , in fact , become the norm , from which there would be certain specified exceptions - in other words , the procedure would be reversed . NULL
there is a difference between the lifeless letter of the treaty and the living reality of integration , but the fact remains that the union is an edifice that has been constructed , and is perceived as such by many people . lettera
in my opinion , however , this matter should not be allowed to obscure the reality of the programme of the dutch presidency , and i would congratulate the president-in-office of the council on being the first of his kind to have interpreted , in keeping with the spirit and the letter of the treaties , the essence of what the rotating council presidency represents , in a way devoid of all self-will or populism directed towards domestic policy objectives . lettera
my personal reaction to this is that i consider it a disgraceful letter and i ask myself , and i ask you and the bureau of parliament too , whether members can be allowed to question the integrity of parliament 's president in this manner with impunity ? scandalose
uneasiness , madam commissioner , because the commission 's letter freezing structural aid represents a sweeping measure with the same impact on member states which , as mrs fraga says , have strictly complied with the reduction objectives of the magp and those who have ignored them . lettera
secondly , the transitional period will also be applicable to letter a ) of paragraph 1 , article 13 of the regulation not just to letter b ) of paragraph 1 , article 13 . lettera
mr president , commissioner , my dear colleagues , prior to the summit in dublin of 13 and 14 december 1996 , president jacques chirac and chancellor helmut kohl jointly signed a letter to the irish president . lettera
in this letter they pointed out that current dispositions and procedures provided for by the treaty on the european union and governing cooperation in justice and home affairs are insufficient . lettera
third , i agree with the rapporteur that the regulations on the cohesion fund are not always complied with , either in letter or in spirit . lettera
madam president , environment and cohesion , two priorities which , albeit recognised in the letter , are not effectively applied to political practice in the european union . teoria
nevertheless , we are actively engaged on translating into practice the measures announced in the communication of 22 november 1996 on cohesion and the environment and the letter of 8 december , known as the declaration of intent . lettera
in accordance with the letter of 8 december 1995 , for new large projects of a value of more than ecu 50 million the commission will confirm in an environmental impact note that the project in question will not have any harmful environmental effects or that any such effects will be remedied during the execution of the project . NULL
i would also like to thank the committee on budgets which sent a letter with their comments on the report . documento
the commission cannot endorse amendments 10 and 18 , because we are already proposing the use of an alphanumerical code , comprising two letters for the member state of birth with the remainder made up of numbers . lettere
the more recent developments can also be taken into consideration , and the council - as mr collins knows - has confirmed in a letter to me that it will not decide on the substance before parliament has formed and formulated its opinion . lettera
the letter was also sent to mr collins , as i have just heard . lettera
parliament has all the time in the world , however much it needs , and the commission hereby promises that if the council did not honour the commitments it gave in its letter - and this is a purely abstract hypothesis - we should withdraw the proposal , which would then no longer exist . lettera
the results of the temporary committee of inquiry into bse must be interpreted in the spirit and letter of the treaties and derived legislation as well as the principle of subsidiarity . lettera
i would like to say that i am happy to point out that on the 6th february , the committee on legal affairs accepted as its own a draft i had made in accordance with the letter of the regulations and the logic of the procedure , which aimed to invite it to issue an opinion on the commission 's initial draft . lettera
obviously i cannot speak for the council ; i myself do not share these doubts , in view of the letter , but if the council , contrary to all expectation , should take or wanted to take a general decision , the commission will withdraw its proposal so as to make that impossible . lettera
if they have any doubts about the need to work together at a european level they need only look back to the events which took place a few weeks ago when danish neo-nazis , with supporters of the british national party , got together through sweden to send letter bombs to mixed raced couples in the united kingdom . lettere
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would first like to tell you that president santer responded by letter on 4 february 1997 , to the letter sent to him by mr collins on 23 december 1996 .  
secondly , as for the council 's instructions you referred to , which were given to the commission which followed them to the letter , please let me , mr president , include in parliament 's minutes the council 's minutes , which i will hand in to your secretariat . scrupolosamente
the letter was not sent to the 626 members , but to those for whom parliament did not have a fax number . lettera
we must not forget that the schengen agreements , imperfect though they are , have enabled the citizens of the signatory states to understand the true meaning of the freedom of movement required by the treaty , still a dead letter but living in the spirit of schengen . lettera
this has been said and the commissioner has shed tears , sincere ones i believe , about the fact that renault has infringed or ignored the spirit if not the letter of the european directives . lettera
in a letter sent to the group chairmen , the management bases its decision on competitiveness and i think we should start to reflect about where this zealous pursuit of competitiveness of european industries and of world industries in general is taking us . NULL
in this particular case renault , and indeed the government which holds a 48 % share of the company , must abide by european and national law , both in the letter and in the spirit . lettera
workers ' rights are enshrined in law and they must be respected in the spirit as well as in the letter of the law . lettera
we have in our hands a green paper on ' living and working in the information society ' , whose letter let alone spirit do nothing to advocate the priority of the human factor and respect for the rights of working people . lettera
on a humanitarian basis , i want to ask you why you wrote this letter to mr howard . lettera
under what rule or regulation did you write the letter ? lettera
when i saw this letter to mr howard , i have to say i was absolutely horrified and so were other members of the european parliament to whom i showed it . lettera
mr president , would you please indicate to the house on what basis and why you wrote this letter cancelling the visit by hedy d 'ancona and other members of the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs ? annullando
so my letter was sent with the knowledge of the conference of presidents , to make clear that it was not a committee delegation authorized under the rules of procedure . lettera
mr president , given that we use all customary respect in our dealings with one another , i think that the proper procedure , before you write a letter to the british minister telling him that this is not an official delegation , would be to inform the committee chairman , namely myself , beforehand . lettera
mrs d 'ancona , i would remind you that i asked you for information on the matter , and you told me in a letter that it was not a delegation from your committee . lettera
when i saw that the press was describing it as a delegation , then , with the knowledge of the conference of presidents , i merely conveyed what you told me in your letter to the british government . lettera
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , our committee of inquiry has proved that the european parliament intends to fulfil to the letter its mandate to defend the interests of the taxpayers , and our task now will be to ensure that we actually put into effect the results of the excellent work performed over these last 15 months , a task that has to be undertaken together with the commission and the member states . assolto
it may not contradict the letter of the oslo agreements , but it certainly contradicts their spirit . lettera
furthermore , we see even worse evidence today in the exchange of letters between king hussein of jordan and mr netanyahu , the prime minister of israel . lettere
israel could fairly be accused of excessive respect for the oslo agreements and of standing by the letter of those agreements , but not of violating them . lettera
on 19 december , i sent a letter to the president of the commission calling for community support for the azores . lettera
a large group of members of the european parliament has therefore pleaded with club med in a letter today to halt its tourist packages to burma . lettera
despite many letters , following the decision by the committee on agriculture , you have still not replied to them . NULL
it is only a parliament and parliamentarians which can respond to the many thousands of letters which we collectively receive on this subject . lettere
to the letter , these are the conclusions of the commission of enquiry into bse . x016f
one year ago i wrote a letter to the new greek minister of defence , mr akis tzohatzopoulos , informing him of the resolutions and concerns of the european parliament on the question of conscientious objectors and requesting him to make better arrangements for such cases . lettera
we insist on a correct interpretation of the convergence criteria and reject any simplifications or talk of symbols , but after the recent ecofin council and having read the newspapers over the last few days , i fear that we are indeed gradually becoming bogged down in symbolic discussions and that it is becoming increasingly difficult to produce a serious interpretation of the convergence criteria which is in keeping with the spirit and the letter of the maastricht treaty . lettera
for this reason , the majority of the finnish members of the european parliament are proposing in a letter to the commission that export subsidies for live animals outside the union be stopped . scrivere
if we have a chance to take a further look later this year and perhaps to send an amending and rectifying letter to parliament that would give a more solid basis for next year 's budget decisions . lettera
in the latest issue of the hong kong human rights ' monitor news letter it is possible to read the following : ' history will judge britain poorly for holding the hong kong people back from political life ' . letter
they have even written me very touching letters about it . lettere
in response to the conclusions of the mission , which were endorsed by the council of ministers on 24 february , the minister of foreign affairs of belarus sent a letter to the presidency the day before yesterday , the content of which will be discussed with the member states . lettera
the text of the letter sent by the belarus government contains two undertakings : one , to discuss with all the deputies in the 13th supreme council the constitutional changes necessary to establish a greater separation of powers . lettera
in the letter by the belarus minister of foreign affairs , the first condition is , as i said , to discuss with all the deputies in the 13th supreme council , the current ' parliament ' , the constitutional changes needed to establish a better separation of powers . lettera
in any case , as usually happens in all negotiations , the fact that the belarus government has handed in a letter and the minister of foreign affairs has come here to negotiate with the presidency of the council can be understood as a will to negotiate . lettera
this requires the greatest possible simplification of the letter and application of the complicated tax laws , putting the cost of money within the reach of new firms and firms courageous enough to regenerate themselves , investment in research and projects to stimulate and encourage research and , finally , involvement of young people through school so that work is not just a synonym for sacrifice but means collaboration and cooperation . lettura
over 2 , 000 letters and questionnaires were sent out to partners in the regions and i engaged in over twentyfive hours of hearings in nine different places across the uk . lettere
i wrote a letter to our services to try to find solutions for those . lettera
the trade policy aspects of the agreement have already been put into force in advance simply by an exchange of letters . epistolare
the committee on employment and social affairs has drawn up a letter of opinion which shares many of the concerns of this report . lettera
but the counterbalance to this expansion of powers , the express inclusion of the subsidiarity principle in the treaties by article 3b now seems set to become a dead letter . lettera
it is , however , a bold step in the right direction and what is needed once it has been adopted , is that we should all co-operate to ensure that the bare letter of this report will become a reality in our everyday operations in the european parliament . lettera
unfortunately these recommendations are still a dead letter . lettera
i then wrote a letter to the president of parliament , telling him that i could not go with a delegation of this type and be unable to communicate . lettera
if it is accepted , we shall have to send an amending letter for next year 's budget . comunicazione
there is still a great deal to do to ensure that both the letter and the spirit of the treaty are respected in this area . lettera
but unless our member states show greater political will to eliminate difficulties , commission and european documents will remain dead letters . lettera
madam president , we agreed at yesterday 's conference that we would ask the president to write a letter about the fire in turin cathedral . missiva
the request has been recorded , mrs oomen-ruijten , and the letter will be written , but we cannot go any faster than we are already going . lettera
and to drive us faster down this road they top it off by playing the good old refrain about the spirit of the treaties going beyond the letter of the treaties . lettera
commissioner , i should like here and now to remind you of the final part of your letter , in reply to mine , dated 20 may 1997 , which said that you were aware of the importance of banana growing on the island of madeira from an economic , social and ecological point of view . lettera
thirdly , and this is something else we have to consider , there is the letter we have all received from the staff committee , which says that the committee on budgets ' proposals on fringe benefits could have serious consequences for staff . lettera
we also receive critical letters from users of non-conventional medicine telling us that it is better to leave well alone . intimano
the letter by which the french presidency forwarded a draft eis convention to the european parliament was informative rather than consultative . lettera
i think it is essential that we not only ensure that we have good legislation , but that we also ensure that it is applied to the letter in practice . preoccupiamo
in addition to my oral query i wrote to you about the matter , and after an awfully long wait i have received a letter form you in reply in which you say that you do not know who decided that interpreting should not be available for all of the languages of the participants in interparliamentary delegations and that in the case in question interpreting from russian and english suffices . lettera
about ten minutes before the start of this sitting , i received a copy of a letter addressed to you , presumably because i am the rapporteur for the agriculture budget . lettera
i have just received a letter from the dutch agriculture minister to the effect that he must attend a national parliament sitting in the afternoon . lettera
i should like to congratulate the rapporteur personally for illustrating her report with letters from our noble prizewinner for literature , juan ramón jiménez , who was one of this century 's first famous people to complain about noise . lettere
so we are in favour of the timing of the euro and we also wish to see compliance with the letter and spirit of the convergence criteria . lettera
for too long , that coordination of economic policies has remained a dead letter in europe . lettera
annex iii to my report includes two letters from juan ramón jiménez against noise , which i think are a treat , expressing this same concern about noise back in 1919 ... lettere
so you should have the courage and the resolution to write a letter to your own finance minister , even if he is a member of your own party , and tell him that his policy is basically unprincipled , posing an unacceptable burden on small farmers . scrivere
so these texts remain a dead letter . lettera
and all the vast array of treaties and administrative and legal cooperation conventions that have been signed is not worth much if these instruments frequently remain the dead letters denounced by mrs theato . lettera
however , the new decisions by the chinese authorities may mean that a democratic handover of hong kong in respect of human rights on 1 july 1997 will be possible , if the letter of pre-existing agreements is respected . lettera
my son started school in the united states and when we returned to europe he received letters from his 9 year-old american schoolfriends , all written on computers . lettere
in january 1996 , by means of a letter from two officials , it advised the member states not to apply the legislation in force . lettera
so can one simple letter prevent the application of legislation approved by the commissions and by the council ? lettera
that status must guarantee young people conditions of social protection , tax exemption and equivalent legal coverage in all countries of the european union , or else the project would risk remaining a dead letter . lettera
on the other hand , the commission , by means of a letter from mr commissioner franz fischler dated 4 june 1997 , again urged france to take with the utmost urgency the measures needed to guarantee freedom of movement of goods in france . comunicazione
however , the letter of rectification will have to deal with other things beside that . lettera
i do not want to produce a rather pejorative note into our discussion today but there will clearly be implications from the outcome of the igc for the budget of parliament and these will also need to be covered in the rectifying letter from the bureau to the committee on budgets . lettera
the third area that such a rectifying letter will clearly need to cover - and i say this very clearly to the house - is the question about the outcome of the bureau working group in relation to the transparency and control that was called for by parliament in its resolution of december last year concerning members ' allowances . lettera
if we do not have the proposals from the bureau for the transparency and control of members ' allowances in that rectifying letter in september , then it will be right and proper for the house to make its own decisions on the recommendation of the committee on budgets in the vote at first reading . lettera
did the people concerned simply receive a letter telling them that their complaint would not be dealt with ? lettera
this commitment by the senegalese authorities was set out in concrete form in a letter from the minister for fisheries to commissioner bonino confirming a decision by the senegalese authorities to allocate 50 % of the total compensation to the treasury and use the remaining 50 % in the fisheries sector on the basis of the aims of sustainable development referred to under the headings of the protocol . lettera
pending parliament 's decision this week , the delivery of its opinion , and the council 's as well as mauritius ' signature , the agreement is applied on a provisional basis , pursuant to an agreement on this in the form of an exchange of letters . lettere
i was also very surprised to see that the greens , the europe of nations group and the socialists all submitted amendments with precisely the same wording , and i wonder whether it is just a coincidence that it is also the exact wording proposed by the beuc , the european consumers organization , in its letter of 8 july . lettera
my second observation concerns the slogan ' no patents on life ' , a slogan with which we have been bombarded at enormous expenditure of resources , which i cannot help wondering about , in a flood of letters , cards and press releases , of which we have all been a target . lettere
the most effective of the hundreds if not thousands of letters i have received on this subject have come from the patients groups . lettere
i look forward to the rectifying letter from the commission . lettera
that situation will be beneficial perhaps also for the speed with which the rectifying letter is coming . lettera
in derogation of the agreed procedure , the council and the european parliament jointly decided not to complete the ad hoc procedure before the first reading of the council 's draft budget so as to give the commission the opportunity to obtain more knowledge of the state of the market , on the basis of which it may submit a more realistic draft budget for 1998 this autumn by means of a letter of amendment . lettera
as regards showing the appropriations in the 1998 draft budget , the commission has followed the distribution proposed in point 1a of the joint declaration to the letter . lettera
the key result has been the adoption of a joint declaration on agricultural expenditure , allowing the commission to submit a letter of amendment to its preliminary draft budget even outside the procedural provisions of the financial regulation . lettera
it was therefore an important achievement of the trialogue of 26 june to agree on a letter of amendment in the autumn to take account of the latest information . lettera
in his letter , the president of the commission also stressed that the proposed measures should be compatible with community law and should therefore not be discriminatory , be proportionate to the objective to be achieved and provide alternatives by offering fishermen the possibility of complying with one or more measures , or possibly other factors designed to prove that there is an economic link with a flag state . NULL
i would be grateful to know what response you made to the letter you received from president mandela of south africa in march on behalf of a number of organizations broadly representing a coalition whose aim is to kick polio out of africa . lettera
first of all , last year great efforts were made , through meetings , informal contacts or official letters , to solve the problems encountered by foreign ski instructors wishing to pursue their activities in france , and real progress was made . lettere
finally , a letter dated 3 april 1997 signed by director-general mogg was sent to the french authorities , asking them to provide the commission with a first evaluation of the decree on service providers . inviata
a few days ago , i myself sent a letter to the french minister for european affairs to stress the commission 's concern over this . lettera
given this attitude of mutual support , therefore - because the problem remains - i would be most grateful if you would give a copy to parliament and to this member in particular - so that parliament and european public opinion in general might be informed - of the letter you sent to the french minister . lettera
i should like to inform mrs izquierdo rojo that on 8 july , when i sent the letter i mentioned to the french minister for european affairs , the commission issued a press statement on the content of that letter . lettera
thirdly , mr fabre-aubrespy , the committee on institutional affairs informed the chairman of the committee on budgets , in a letter dated 4 july 1997 and signed by its chairman , that the committee on institutional affairs approved this agreement . auspery
i should like to add a further reason to the one he gave : as vice-chairman of the institutional committee , i should like to insist on this fourth reason . i do not remember whether there was a vote on the opinion relating to this agreement nor have i ever seen the letter from the chairman . lettera
to refresh your memory , perhaps you would like to read mr de giovanni 's letter of 3 july last , after the sitting . lettera
it is certainly not their concern for the sick that has made the industrial giants invest huge amounts of money to persuade undecided members of parliament to change their mind but , as is openly acknowledged in a letter from the european biotechnological industry 's professional body europabio , the concern to ' produce a supportive environment for a competitive biotechnological industry in europe . ' lettera
or , as it says in a letter from msf , another lobby organisation in favour of patenting : the aim of the patent directive is to promote ' the continued growth of the biotechnological industry ' . lettera
our leader , mrs pauline green , has just sent the heads of state and governments a letter indicating six avenues down which our efforts and proposals should head : improving the coordination of national economic policies ; reducing labour costs ; ending youth and long-term unemployment ; looking for new approaches to working hours ; developing social and environmental jobs ; encouraging public and private investment . lettera
the council recalls its declarations of 17 april 1997 welcoming the exchange of letters between the president of sri lanka and the head of the opposition , concerning a joint approach by both parties to the ethnic conflict in the country . corrispondenza
they are all saying and i quote from one letter : the european commission 's proposal here with the virgin report will ban the trade in used textiles . lettera
the commission has sent letters to each one of the countries concerned and the current proposal takes full account of these replies . scritto
the answer is that it only has to write a letter saying it changes its mind - there is no elaborate procedure whatsoever - and the change of mind will be respected . lettera
i will make a copy of her letter available to you , mr president . lettera
i have received letters from a good many ngos and institutions , saying : ' mr marín , you have acted unfairly towards us , because we were operating properly , honestly , and were complying with the rules , and you have punished us ' . NULL
the shipment of waste to countries which did not reply to the commission 's letter should also be prohibited , because this can only be taken as a signal that they are not interested in receiving such waste . lettera
but we do want to try one thing : save what can still be saved for the european consumer who is entitled to a decent service , who is entitled to the letters that he has posted at the post office being delivered within a certain time . lettere
very recently agence europe reported that only 80 % of letters were delivered on time . lettere
the rights of member states to reserve collection , sorting , transport and delivery of mail for the post offices that provide the universal service , and the principle of the price of sending letters remaining affordable for all , will go a long way to defending the interests of the postal consumers and the postal workers . lettere
within two years you will see that a non-elected commissioner , who never in his life delivered a letter , might have appreciated the problem rather better than you . portalettere
although i personally regret that this protocol has been included in the new treaty , i welcome the fact that in the preamble to the protocol it is expressly established that the spirit and letter of the geneva convention shall be respected with regard to the granting of refugee status . lettera
how would the commissioner satisfy my constituents , and i am very happy to copy every single letter i have had from them on this point - particularly in relation to killings in cultural and sports events ? lettera
nevertheless , this interpretation , which is contrary to that of the unhcr and contrary to the spirit and the letter of the convention , is now established in europe . lettera
for this reason i should like here - and i am aware of the bias of my vote - in the name of my parliamentary party to call upon prime minister netanyahu and his government to fulfill the oslo agreements to the letter , comprehensively and in the spirit of the peace process . lettera
this decision is contrary to the letter of the edinburgh decision of 1992 , which will be confirmed , if need be , by the future treaty of amsterdam . lettera
now we just have to wait for the agreement to be ratified by the member states , by means of that complex procedure for which the third pillar is designed , and hope that they obey it in letter and in spirit , and that it will improve the extradition procedure , which is what we all hope . lettera
mr president , would you please note that i am now here , that i signed in this morning and that in the meantime i have been in my office , that i picked up some letters there and that i have now come here by bicycle , for which no facilities have been provided by the bureau . conservato
the agreement of the budgetary authority to examine a late rectifying letter will permit the drawing of the appropriate conclusions also for the 1998 budget . lettera
in short , in this way the 1995 directive has become a dead letter . lettera
because again it seems , as mrs van dijk has said , that the eight-hour limit that we now have is a dead letter . lettera
mr president , when three million people take the trouble to write letters and send signatures to this parliament with a plea for something to be done about the shameful animal transport across europe , then something is definitely wrong . lettere
so i urge you , mr president , to make sure that the spirit and letter of the decisions the bureau took in july are implemented before the end of the year . lettera
as i have already informed you by letter , the question arises because members of the labour party in this house were issued with what was called a ' code of practice ' which sought to determine their behaviour in ways which seemed to be in conflict with parliament 's rules . lettera
i have just this minute been informed that my letter to the general secretary of the labour party on this matter has in fact been answered . lettera
when i receive your letter i will of course give it whatever attention is required , and if any information is needed i will ask for it . lettera
on the eve of the european employment summit we are receiving various letters and reports about the thousands of jobs that will be lost as a result of the abolition of tax-free sales in european trade planned for 1999 . lettere
in reply to mr coates , i said that i would study his letter and answer it in due course . lettere
can you confirm whether or not you have received a letter from mr coates ? lettera
of course , i will answer the letter and , if there is any doubt , i will submit it to the committee on the rules of procedure , the verification of credentials and immunities , which i think is the right way . lettera
we greatly value its contribution and its pledge , as stated in its letter of 6 october , to do everything in its power to promote the success of the extraordinary council summit . lettera
first agriculture : with the ad hoc procedure still open , and with it the possibility for the commission to submit a letter of amendment to its preliminary draft budget , we - the two budgetary authorities - will be in a position to adopt a realistic budget appropriation which meets actual expenditure requirements for 1998 . lettera
we are now waiting for the commission 's letter of amendment . lettera
there is a letter from mr jünkers , which i consider is a poetic letter , because we are talking about budgets , and , therefore , if the council were seriously proposing an employment initiative , it ought to have incorporated it in the draft budget it has sent this house . NULL
indeed , these changes constitute a mandate for negotiation between parliament with the council at the next trialogue concerning the letter of amendment the commission will formulate on 29 october next . lettera
the council will give its opinion on the commission 's letter of amendment , but i would already like to recall the bilateral commitment of april in order to say to you , mr president , that the presidency will do everything it can to ensure the procedure is concluded in only one session . lettera
i want to thank mr tillich for his work , but there are too many ad hoc procedures . there are proposals for amendments in the resolution but not in the budgetary section ; there are too many letters of amendment ; and there is the council 's commitment to approve a legal basis for actions against unemployment , which have still not been approved in time for the first reading ; and so on , and so on . lettere
there exists , particularly in germany , a smear campaign against the euro and many of the less-well-off , such as pensioners , are being sent letters from switzerland advising them to invest their money in switzerland to avert the threat of the euro . lettere
this decision was notified to the european foundation for osteoporosis by letter of 18 august 1997 , although it had submitted an application to the commission ( dg xxiii ) in december 1996 and had not been told of any prospective cancellation when it contacted the commission in march and june 1997 . lettera
during the next few days , the commission will send a letter to the greek authorities to find out whether it is a matter of contravening eu legislation and whether further steps should be taken in a given case . lettera
i promised you on monday that i would report to you what happened when i finally received the letter from the general secretary of the labour party , mr sawyer . lettera
i received this letter yesterday morning after enquiries had been made . lettera
in fact , it was a very conciliatory letter but insisted on remaining with the code of practice of which i complained . lettera
the problem is that subsequently i received a letter from the labour party whip , threatening disciplinary action . lettera
however , i also understand that the letter says it is not a matter for this house . lettera
after my letter , i was able to check that it would be impossible , in practice , to hold that part-session . lettera
in the discussion of the labelling directive the group of the european people 's party always argued for a different approach , a wide application according to the letter and the spirit of the legal precedents and that is still our position . lettera
when you look at the alternatives : we do it with the sale name , with this product it means that the consumer has to look in the small print on the back because that is where the sale name is and it can also be there if other fats have been added to this product , chocolate , then the consumer has to look at the small gold lettering on the side to find out whether it contains other vegetable fats . dorate
the group of the european liberal , democratic and reformist party believes that clear labelling should consist of uniform , clear information in a fixed position , with the name at the top , clearly distinguishable from the list of ingredients , in clearly readable letters . caratteri
the examples of packaging that mrs thyssen showed , all this is of course in the present situation where only real chocolate is available on our market and then cote d 'or does not need to put it on the front in big letters . lettere
the information must be shown prominently on the label , not in tiny letters in the list of ingredients . lettere
mr president , the chocolate directive has led to a stream of calls and letters from farmers in developing countries who grow cocoa and other chocolate fats , from consumer organizations and not least from the chocolate industry . lettere
there is an interesting letter from the swedish food industry , which like other swedish industries carries a great responsibility for the fact that eu regulations play any role at all in swedish legislation . lettera
this debate is not a debate , inasmuch as mrs gradin has , with great good will , just read us a letter stating the information she was given . lettera
a british labour mp , ms clwyd , received a letter from the department of trade and industry acknowledging that there were 59 arms exports licences being considered by the british government . lettera
today i received by coincidence a letter from a young student who said he wants to take part in erasmus , is taking part and receives dm 100 per month - ecu 50 for his mobility . lettera
madam president , there is an error on page 8 of the minutes where the president is described as referring a letter from a colleague to the bureau . lettera
this situation , which shows in passing how much the european institutions disregard the letter of texts when they want to , would by itself justify rejecting the budget on principle . lettera
it is pointless to add that the request for slovakia to join the european union must remain a dead letter for as long as this state does not resolve to adopt behaviour which is worthy of a state of law and compatible with the copenhagen criteria , which is a precondition of starting the accession process . rispondente
i ask you for an assurance that the recorded vote for thursday will be corrected in accordance with the two letters i have sent . lettere
in my letters to the ministers , i acknowledged the efforts the government has made to remove blockades at international crossings but i also urged them to achieve the removal of remaining blockades . NULL
i am awaiting a response to that most recent letter . lettera
so far as harmonization of working conditions is concerned , maybe i can assist the house by simply quoting from the letter i sent yesterday to all the trade union leaders drawing their attention to a fact of which they are already aware that with my colleagues in the commission i have been compiling and promoting possible improvements to community legislation relating to road transport that would directly address several issues which cause discontent in many parts of the union . lettera
as recently as my letter to the french ministers last tuesday , i took the opportunity of again repeating the need to ensure that an effective system was immediately employed for the payment of compensation in respect of losses in the last dispute . lettera
many of us on the committee are concerned that the good work of the commissioner and of parliament will come to very little unless member states abide by the letter of the laws we agree in the european union . lettera
the letter from the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection states that it is an official objective of the united kingdom for as much as 20 % of uk electricity to be windgenerated by the year 2025 . NULL
the next item is the report ( a4-0303 / 97 ) by mr imaz san miguel , on behalf of the committee on fisheries , on the proposal for a council regulation concerning the conclusion of the agreement in the form of an exchange of letters amending the agreement on cooperation in the sea fisheries sector between the european community and the islamic republic of mauritania ( com ( 97 ) 0263 - c.-0421 / 97-97 / 0158 ( cns ) ) . lettere
as the committee on legal affairs explains in its letter to the committee on fisheries , the proposal for a regulation amending the agreement does not justify the application of the assent procedure because none of its provisions , taken individually , has " important budgetary implications ' within the meaning of the second subparagraph of article 228 ( 3 ) of the ec treaty . lettera
if you want , i will take your letter and ask what is happening . lettera
your letter will be sent to all german and british colleagues so you will achieve your objective . lettera
first , i have written a letter on this question to the spanish government , and i have already commented on it once in the debate on the green paper on numbering here in parliament . scritto
fine , the letter does not concern you , but it may interest you that we also said clearly in this letter to the spanish government that this is not a political statement . lettera
i thought it was preferable that she should be informed of the letter of the president in order to prepare her defence . lettera
in that regard , i just want to read out a letter from the state prosecutor in belgium : ' in reply to your letter of 10 june 1997 , 020211 , i hereby inform you that a criminal investigation is under way into matters , including the possible misappropriation of funds belonging to belgian public works contractors which took part in the construction of the european parliament 's property complex in brussels d1 , d2 and d3 buildings . lettera
i also contacted the journalist involved yesterday and i told him that there were inaccuracies and i followed it up with a letter of which you can have a copy . lettera
if there really are people involved , they must be cited , but here , you are making unsubstantiated accusations , and you are passing on the content of this letter to the newspapers . lettera
you will know , as a member of the bureau , madam president , that i wrote to you and to all of the members of the bureau yesterday , and in that letter i cited some direct quotations from the member in question . scritto
then deepening the union , that is , the implementation of institutional measures giving strength and vigour to the policies proclaimed in maastricht , but which had remained dead letters since . lettera
some domains are reserved to public service : letters and packages of a certain weight , as well as letters which are registered or have declared values . lettere
furthermore , this protection forces public service providers to comply with certain quality standards , that is , ' access points ' ( letter boxes ) in sufficient number , reasonable frequency in the collection and distribution of mail , continuity of service , and pricing to allow the use of postal services by all . cassette
can you imagine the boss of some international criminal organization waiting a year , or writing 26 letters , before he gets a reply from one of his henchmen ? lettere
i do not think his henchman would last very long if he did not reply to the first letter ! lettera
it is a balance that should always be maintained , and the means we are approving today , from a reciprocal assessment to points of contact , to letters rogatory , are means of achieving legality . rogatorie
we now need to know whether those funds will be coming out of monies already allocated to portugal by rescheduling the present community aid programme , or with new , additional sums provided by way of emergency relief , or again by increasing the budget and , for example amending the framework letter of the interreg ii-c community initiative , as has been requested in the resolution of the european parliament . ii
several letters have been exchanged , mr cox . epistolare
this undertaking appears in a letter of 11 november 1997 from the president of the commission , mr santer , to the president of the european parliament , mr gil-robles gil-delgado . lettera
this practice complies with neither the spirit nor the letter of the directive adopted on 1 december 1997 , strict respect of whose common rules will allow the harmonious development of postal services and of the quality of those services . lettera
on 22 october i wrote a letter pursuant to rule 28 , paragraph 2 , asking the presidency of the bureau why a car had been made available to the past president , mr hänsch , and why he continued to enjoy the same privileges as when he was president . lettera
i have asked questions before , but i have never got a letter back saying that questions cannot be asked . lettera
however , now i have received such a letter in which my questions are answered by saying that they are not permitted under rule 41.1 . lettera
and we also said , right from the start , that if the commission tabled an amending letter , then there should be no corrections through across-the-board cuts ! lettera
here , i have in mind the trialogue of 17 november , and in particular the ad hoc concertation of 27 november on agricultural expenditure provided for in the commission 's letter of amendment . lettera
this has also been achieved because for the first time we have received a rectifying letter from the commission after the first reading of the european parliament budget . lettera
on this point , i wish to tie in a sentence that i have taken from a letter from your predecessor , mr president-in-office , namely the finance minister , mr salm . scritto
mr salm says in his letter , and i quote : " therefore i hope that on budgetary matters in the future the cooperation between council and parliament will be characterized by this spirit of equal like-mindedness ' . that
thanks to the rectificatory letter and to the somewhat complex procedure , which is so deliciously a community one , we have taken a modest but resolute step forward in the field of obligatory expenditure . lettera
in its letter to the authorities of the member states , the usa claimed that it is bse-free according to ieo criteria , and would act within the ieo trade regulations . lettera
in various countries , the postal service demands special charges for incoming letters because the foreign stamps do not cover the distribution costs . lettere
this unit of weight can comprise one item of 500 letters of 20 gram . lettere
more than ten thousand clearly identified cuban citizens resident in cuba have now signed a letter addressed to the president of the national assembly of people 's power of the republic of cuba respectfully requesting , in accordance with article 88 ( g ) of the 1976 constitution , that a plebiscite be held to consult the people on whether they wish to amend the constitution to the effect that it would guarantee freedom of expression , freedom of association , pluralism and the election of the government through a direct , free and secret ballot . indirizzata
subject : provocative letter from the turkish foreign minister , mr cem lettera
on 20 october 1997 the turkish foreign minister , mr cem , addressed a letter to the foreign ministers of all eu member states which not only contains a large number of inaccuracies and allegations against greece , but also basically threatens the eu with war in cyprus if this country goes ahead with plans to station the s-300 missile defence system in areas still untouched by turkish rapacity . lettera
the same letter provocatively states that , even if negotiations are initiated with turkey concerning eu accession , the problem of cyprus will still not be solved . lettera
this is why the criteria for road safety , appearing in article 75 , paragraph 1 , letter c of the treaty inspires all the council 's actions , in particular all the legislative acts that it adopts in the area of transport . lettera
i am convinced that the various parties represented here , and certainly this applies to my own group , would be prepared to convert these dead letters into a living project . morta
it is an agreement on trade-related matters and does not offer a formal framework for a political dialogue on democracy and human rights , as the community does not have any delegated powers in this area , as commissioner van den broek commented in a letter to mrs castellina , the chairperson of the committee on external economic relations . lettera
it is grossly unfair and i believe that it is against the letter and the spirit of european law . lettera
i should like to ask if you would consider writing a letter to mr kaunda , expressing the support of this parliament , and also to the zambian authorities voicing similar concerns to other governments ? lettera
this discussion has already taken place in committee ; that is why the text presented to you corresponds perfectly , in spirit and in letter , to that which was voted for by the great majority of members of the committee . lettera
these constraints are not born of our imagination , but they have been imposed on us as a precondition that cannot be ignored , following the exchange of letters between the president of parliament , duly mandated by the conference of presidents , and the presidents of the council and the commission . epistolare
and once again in this parliament , we must reject them outright , because they contravene the spirit and the letter of the treaties , and are an obvious misrepresentation which this parliament will never be able to accept . snaturamento
we believe that with this undertaking , which president santer confirmed on 11 november 1997 in a letter to the president of parliament , we have accommodated parliament 's reservations in this area , as was emphasized by mr valvarde lópez . lettera
i particularly agree with the proposals made regarding fish-farming and squid , and i understand the concern you express , mrs bonino , to the government of the canary islands in your letter of 27th december last , about responsibility for the biological " desert ' in the territorial waters of morocco . lettera
the problems that mr cox has identified about the cumbersome and costly vat recovery procedures , on which i and many members get many letters , clearly is a major obstacle . lettere
the green group in the european parliament is going to support mrs wemheuer 's report to the letter . virgola
that is a fundamental point and the letters are available if parliament is interested in seeing them . lettere
would the commission indicate which eu member states currently link costs of first-weight correspondence , usually 20 g letters , for domestic and internal ( within the eu ) mail ? lettere
replies to those letters are being awaited and we believe that when we receive them the commission will be able to form a complete picture of how the french organizing committee set about distributing tickets , and to ascertain whether and to what extent the rules of competition have been contravened . lettere
the president of this parliament informed me by letter that the question i submitted , also on behalf of our group , is inadmissible on the basis of rule 47 ( 2 ) of the rules . iscritto
mr martens , in his letter to mr rübig , a copy of which i sent to president martens , the president of parliament did indeed say that he would make all necessary approaches to the belgian authorities to find a satisfactory solution to the problem of security , and that he shares the concern of the members who have raised the matter . lettera
un resolutions should be followed up to the letter . applicate
the dutch government , for instance , plans to include the european flag and the letters nl on the number plate . lettere
why is it that motorists in greece or the uk - it could be my car , commissioner -have to remove their european symbol and replace it with a white sticker with black letters when they travel to france ? lettere
furthermore , it states here that the president informs us that he has declared the objection to be inadmissible in accordance with article 47 , paragraph 2 and that he intended to send mr rübig a letter with an explanation . esplicativa
madam president , concerning mr kerr 's remarks , i would like to draw to your attention an open letter sent to all socialist members . lettera
at the outset of the sitting this morning mr alex smith raised the question of a letter which mr coates and i had sent out concerning the vote on the debate today . lettera
the letter was intended to draw attention to amendment no 12 tabled by the green group , asking him to vote against the war . lettera
but mr smith was offended by the letter , so i withdraw the letter today and apologize to mr smith . lettera
even if , contrary to expectations , they did not contravene the letter of the test ban treaty , it is clear that they contravene the spirit of the treaty . lettera
mr president , it is indeed true , as mr habsburg-lothringen and mr posselt said yesterday , that there has been no debate on crime in brussels , but i would nevertheless like to draw members ' attention to the fact that president gilrobles gil-delgado said in his letter to us : " please rest assured that i share your concern and i shall press the belgian authorities for a satisfactory solution , as far as the safety of members and staff of the european parliament is concerned ' . lettera
mr president , i refer to friday 's minutes , where you wrote in a letter to me : ' rest assured that i share your concern and shall do my utmost with the belgian authorities to find a satisfactory solution where the safety of the members and staff of the european parliament is concerned . ' lettera
i have absolutely no sympathy with all the whining and whingeing letters we receive from industry . lettere
i am therefore not terribly impressed with the many letters from the business lobby saying that it will all be so expensive and that in the end the consumer will have to pay more . lettere
thirdly , far from ignoring her , i know i have written her a very long letter explaining exactly the meaning and the letter of the law and what it implies in the united kingdom . lettera
as i pointed out in my letter to her and to many other honourable members and others who have communicated with me on the subject of diabetic drivers , the basic power to interpret and apply the law rests with member states , not with the commission . lettera
in particular , as correctly emphasized by the rapporteur , mr kreissl-dörfler - whom i congratulate - social and environmental rules must be respected to the letter . esigenti
the commission wrote to the world cup organizing committee on 20 february outlining its objections to the current ticketing policy and asking the committee , within two weeks of its receipt of the letter , to inform the commission of the steps which it proposed to take to ensure that its system of ticket distribution did not discriminate against football supporters resident outside france . lettera
i should also like to thank you for your letter to the belgian authorities suggesting that the police presence in the area be reinforced visibly and that a police bureau with an emergency number be set up in the immediate vicinity of the institutions . lettera
we are proposing agreements for a direct communication between magistrates , for establishing specific times for letters rogatory , and for the automatic circulation of evidence . rogatorie
the figures indicate answers to letters rogatory in the various countries , even over a long period , of around 15 % : a judge or a bench of magistrates ask for 100 % and 15 % reply . rogatorie
and i would like to recall that , very often , in this field of organized crime , it is not a question of defending one citizen but great economic forces that are managing to systematically block the letters rogatory . rogatorie
as is the rule when there is a clear complaint or information - because a letter of complaint is not necessarily based on precise facts - the commission contacts the organizers , the company concerned , to ask for an explanation . lettera
we sent a letter of warning as quickly as possible . lettera
the commission was warned of this in june of last year in a letter from professor weatherill at oxford university . lettera
when the problem first came to light in december , my departments immediately initiated a procedure , contacting the " accused ' by means of letters . there were also the reactions of some members of parliament . lettere
as the explanations we received were not satisfactory - by this time it was january - we decided to move rapidly on to the second phase of the procedure and to send a letter of warning to the interested parties . lettera
such speed in the sending of a letter of warning is extremely rare . lettera
those who normally criticize the commission for moving too fast and sending a letter of warning without due consideration are now criticizing us for acting too slowly . lettera
with regard to the fight against fraud , my colleague , mrs gradin , last week sent a letter to mrs theato specifying the procedures under which information on internal investigations for the commission could be made available to you . lettera
i can tell you that the negotiations and reactions are rather positive since the banking community , prior to the round table of 26 february , had sent a letter to emma bonino , which i had a copy of , showing that they were willing to work in this direction . lettera
mr michel vanden abeele , the director-general of dg xxi recently commented , in a letter to one of my constituents , that the commission 's policy of liberalization within the single market had promoted the increased competition that low cost carriers bring to the market . lettera
in the same letter i received from my constituent , your office said that there are a range of measures that the commission has at its disposal to deal with any threat to employment . lettera
in the case of transportation , as my colleague , commissioner kinnock , recently stated in response to one of the many letters on this point , no member state subsidy in the form of continued tax-free sales would be possible . lettere
in this connection , the agreement signed in 1994 between the european union , japan , south korea , norway and the united states , under the auspices of the oecd , which should have entered into force on 1 january 1996 , may today be said to be a dead letter in that , under constant pressure from us shipyards , the us congress has failed to ratify the agreement . morto
if the president kindly agrees to write the letter as requested , she will present it with her other colleagues at the eu-acp assembly due to take place next week . lettera
i would like to draw your attention to a letter signed by the secretary-general , julian priestly , which we have received this morning . lettera
according to this letter ... lettera
should these forecasts change significantly during the year , the commission will follow the successful procedure last year and submit a late rectifying letter . lettera
it is hoped that the 1999 budget procedure will maintain a similar procedural basis and form as that used in 1998 , when the european parliament was able to defend its own priorities before the council , thereby achieving the extension of the ad hoc procedure including that of the late rectifying letter to the pdb , not to mention the almost unanimous commitment of this house to defend appropriations earmarked in the pdb for the structural funds in category 2 . lettera
true to itself , the committee on budgets continues to state that the decisions taken in edinburgh on this subject must be applied to the letter and that the budget approved constitutes an objective for expenditure . lettera
i should like to read to you a letter from gavin strang , chairman of the eu transport council , to gordon brown , chairman of ecofin . lettera
against this background , i would like to mention a letter from the association of european airlines . lettera
this letter , dated 6 march , states amongst other things that ' improvements , if any , could be achieved in a much cheaper way ' . lettera
i can confirm that you did indeed submit a question on this subject to me and i immediately passed your letter on to the group to give an opinion . lettera
it was announced as a letter even on the agenda of the civil liberties committee on the day of adoption and no deadline was fixed for amendments . lettera
and that is in keeping with the spirit and the letter of article 128 of the treaty . spirito
( in the presence of mr brown , president-in-office of the council , mr santer , president of the commission , mr von wogau , chairman of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy and rapporteur , and mrs randzio-plath , chairman of the subcommittee on monetary affairs , the president of the european parliament signed the letter forwarding parliament 's opinion ) lettera
i have a letter from mr de clercq , the chairman of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on which i sit , who argues that the present lack of protection is causing a brain drain of research towards the us and japan . lettera
i have letters from trade unions in the uk who support this directive , who fear for job losses if we do not have some kind of directive . lettere
the part relating to the patentability of elements of human origin is valid for us all , where the common position of the council includes the text of the european parliament fully to the letter . lettera
our committee has also written a letter to the committee on legal affairs , expressing the fact that our interests are at stake and i am talking here about the right of farmers to continue breeding animals and plants . lettera
i have also already received , i have to confirm , a couple of letters from belgium from citizens who tried to get a ticket in the normal way and evidently say : yes , if we do not take the rest as well , we do not get any . lettere
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , a letter from austrian mps to the slovak government and to the members of the european parliament reports on the possible dangers associated with putting second generation reactors into service in the nuclear plant in mochovce in slovakia . lettera
in this context , one cannot help but be surprised by the terms used in the letter addressed to the slovak president . lettera
it is possible to do that , and in fact the commission is already in contact with the spanish authorities and the regional andalusian authorities with a view to carrying out this exercise , and letters were exchanged on the subject last week . corrispondenza
i wonder if it would not be impertinent to ask if you could perhaps write some kind of letter of condolence . cordoglio
mr president , if we are going to sympathize with every misfortune that occurs in the european union , or at least many of them - and indeed rightly so - i would like to ask that we also acknowledge the rail accident which occurred in germany and i would ask you to write a letter of condolence to those involved . lettera
will they take into consideration the contents of your letter which seems to indicate that the majority of people not able to attend 50 % of the votes have some difficulties in either arriving in strasbourg or departing from strasbourg ? lettera
we are therefore taking a step backwards , but are still asking for a little bit more than has been provided for according to the letter of the treaty . lettera
we have had a positive letter from robin cook , the president-in-office , but we need to move forward now on the more fundamental items . lettera
the ombudsman of the european parliament , jacob söderman , has now intervened on this issue and written a letter to jacques santer requesting that this report should be published retrospectively . lettera
indeed , today the president-in-office of the council was able to tell us of a very offensive letter he had received from the secretary of trade in the united states . lettera
the contents of the letter were leaked before the bureau was able to discuss the issue . lettera
but it does appear to be true , and in that sense the report from belga was correct , that a covering letter exists which mentions a possible salary figure of between ecu 9 , 000 and 12 , 000 . lettera
so this figure appears in a covering letter which was apparently leaked . lettera
nevertheless , proposals have been made , and a covering letter exists which could give rise to this kind of interpretation . lettera
i note that in the british papers this week you are quoted as saying that whilst you will insist , quite rightly , on sorting these out , you want to acknowledge that the overwhelming number of members of the european parliament are honest , hard-working people , abiding by the spirit and the letter of our regulations . lettera
mr president-in-office of the council , the cardiff summit failed to give an official opinion regarding the joint letter from chancellor kohl and president chirac on the matter of subsidiarity . lettera
on the other hand , since you have reported on the satisfactory resolutions of the council with regard to transparency , we are surprised that we have not heard anything of the letter that chancellor kohl sent you , mr blair , on his interpretation of the new article 63 of the amsterdam treaty relating to the community-wide adoption of the immigration policy . lettera
what is in this letter ? lettera
mr president , will council transparency continue through to the point at which we are informed of the contents of this letter ? lettera
the chancellor and french president 's joint letter in fact reopens the debate on subsidiarity , institutional problems and on the aims of european construction , and your proposal , mr president-in-office , of creating a top-level group to study the profile of the future europe seems consistent with this . lettera
mr president , i would like to focus on the institutional debate that arose suddenly before the cardiff summit , through the letter from mr chirac and mr kohl . lettera
the joint franco-german letter addressed to the president of the european council , on the eve of the summit in cardiff , which was intended to raise the problem of subsidiarity in view of an imminent reform of the european institutions , is often presented by the federalists as a side-effect of the electoral rhetoric of chancellor kohl . NULL
what , according to this letter , does subsidiarity mean ? lettera
the letter from chancellor kohl and president chirac shows that the hard core of europe wants to mark time : no further steps on the way to a federal europe . lettera
secondly , i would like to inform you that president gil-robles has received a letter from prime minister dehaene promising us that a police station will be established in the vicinity of the parliament in brussels . lettera
i hope the amendments will restore the spirit and letter of the jové peres report regarding the reinstatement of intervention mechanisms , subsidies for small-scale producers and consumption , the production of table olives and firm measures to prohibit the mixing of olive oil with other products . lettera
this means that negotiations between parliament and the council should no longer focus on the preparation of a draft budget but on the autumn when the commission sends the two arms of the budgetary authority a letter of amendment containing details of the most recent estimates of compulsory expenditure . lettera
we will apply it once again to the commission 's letter of amendment , which will be submitted at the end of october , in order to achieve greater harmony between predicted and actual expenditure . lettera
the tillich / mulder procedure , which has already been mentioned , includes international fisheries agreements ; therefore , the commission 's letter of amendment enables us to reach a better assessment of the situation as regards current negotiations , and if the agreements are not concluded in time , we can decide to reduce the amounts held in the reserve still further . lettera
in its preliminary draft budget the commission is committed to presenting new actions to control and prevent fraud , if possible in the framework of the letter of amendment . lettera
in the future , the agricultural letter of amendment in the autumn will be a crucial step in the eaggf-guarantee budgetary procedure as in the past , it will allow the latest developments in production and on markets to be taken into account . lettera
the rectifying letter will also be the right occasion for an update of the pdb in the light of legislative decisions , including those on the price package , market reforms and , probably , the adaptation of the agri-monetary system following the introduction of the euro . NULL
as agreed during the trialogue of march 1998 , the final distribution between the reserve and the budget line should be decided in the letter of amendment that the commission will transmit at the end of october to the budget authority . lettera
for the time being , until we see from the letter of amendment where the real needs lie , we prefer to say " provisionally linear ' . lettera
mr president , i received a letter from my colleague nuala ahern , in which she states that she submitted an article to the parliament 's magazine . lettera
first of all i would like to thank my colleague for her response to my letter about the parliament magazine and to say that the article was in fact subsequently printed in full : i am satisfied with that . lettera
i am not satisfied with what happened , but i also thank you for your letter , mr president . lettera
this would not be in keeping with either the letter or the spirit of those treaties on the basis of which we are working . lettera
in her view , what is the legal status of a letter sent by jacques santer , as president of the commission , to tony blair , prime minister of the united kingdom , guaranteeing the 6 / 12 mile limit would be kept beyond the year 2002 ? lettera
i think what president santer 's letter to prime minister blair means is that the commission will not make any proposal to the council to change the current system . lettera
mr president , i will not delay matters because i am concerned with the minutes , the unconstitutional compulsion to vote , the unconstitutional imposition of financial obligations and the disastrous fiscal consequences ; but you are a renowned lawyer and instead of having my say here i will this morning write you a letter and place it on your desk .  
however , it has been given a negative flavour from the outset by the joint letter signed by the french president , mr chirac , and by germany 's chancellor kohl , who have used subsidiarity as a pretext to launch a massive attack on europe 's supposed centralism and on the european institutions ' alleged remoteness from the citizen . lettera
i have a final observation , mr president : the codecision procedure is also closely linked to the debate on subsidiarity , which is a debate we all know is still under way , with the letter from chirac , the cardiff summit , and the future informal summit that will be held in innsbruck . lettera
madam president , the reason i want to say something about the minutes is my letter announced to the president yesterday . lettera
it must not matter if they are sent by fax , ordinary letter or by electronic mail . ordinaria
however , i would like to point out that there is nothing in our current rules of procedure to say that the signature on a letter that has been received should be checked . corrispondenza
if the administration wants to check the signature , it is possible to do so , irrespective of whether it has been submitted electronically or in the form of an ordinary letter . ordinaria
for his part , mr wibe suggests that the procedure for presenting petitions be simplified using electronic means , but he specifies that it would be necessary to send petitioners a letter inviting them to confirm the proposal sent by e-mail , as soon as the petition is received via the web . lettera
when the ombudsman receives a complaint , the complainant receives a letter of acknowledgement which both explains the procedure for handling the complaint and , very importantly , gives the name and telephone number of the civil servant actually dealing with the complaint . lettera
this is very important because many people , when they write , feel that their letters disappear into some bottomless pit and nobody ever finds them again . lettere
i also share the rapporteur 's view that more needs to be done to ensure monitoring of ventilation and proper inspection of vehicles to see that they do in fact meet the letter and spirit of eu rules . lettera
similarly , it is our hope that passengers ' rights might be displayed for the public at the check-in counters in english or in the local language or languages in letters at least 1 cm high . caratteri
we do not believe that the size of the letters on the information notices should be decided by community law . lettere
however , of less importance is the request to use the local language for the information or the size of the letters on the signs , as mr jarzembowski has explained very well . caratteri
i think that we should vote for the joint text that is before us , emphasising that it is absolutely essential that the letter and the spirit should be fully respected . lettera
i am referring to laws with extraterritorial effect , in particular the unilateral interpretation of the agreement on the helmsburton act made by the us secretary of state , mrs albright , in a letter of 7 august to mr helms , the chairman of the foreign affairs committee of the united states senate . lettera
mrs albright 's letter would seem to suggest that this agreement - reached at the transatlantic summit - assumes recognition by europe of the helms-burton act . lettera
and i wonder , mr president - and i should like to put this to commissioner bangemann - whether the interpretation in the secretary of state 's letter is a logical response to the european union 's goodwill in dropping its claim before the world trade organisation , whereas in other disputes , like bananas and hormones , our north american colleagues , friends and partners have been implacable . lettera
i know this is a politically sensitive and economically important issue and i believe the european commission should take a position on the way these agreements are interpreted in the secretary of state 's letter to the chairman of the senate foreign affairs committee , so that any doubt on the matter is entirely dispelled . lettera
on agricultural expenditure , we agreed to examine a letter of amendment in the autumn , in order to take account of the decisions of the june 1998 agriculture council and the updated estimates of requirements . lettera
as far as compulsory spending is concerned , the commission will submit an amending letter at the end of october to take account of the last available information for the finalization of the 1999 budget . lettera
but we are relying on the fact that we will all take the agreed ad hoc procedure seriously and that on the basis of a commission letter of amendment we will achieve some results in the conciliation procedure in november . lettera
i noted , in particular , that you agree with me that in the case of agriculture we should wait for the letter of amendment . lettera
in the agreement , it states that the details will be settled in an exchange of letters between the industry and the commission . epistolare
in spite of the high degree of confidence that we have in the commission , we cannot regard simply having a future exchange of letters as satisfactory . epistolare
over the last few years , we have received a number of letters from member states supporting gi 2000 and requesting the commission to take a pan-european initiative . ig
i can confirm that the commission , which last year aired this hypothesis in its communication to the luxembourg european council on employment , hopes that the idea will not remain a dead letter . lettera
i cannot give you an immediate answer , mrs plooij-van gorsel , because i was not aware of this letter . lettera
these ideas may well remain a dead letter , since there is no evidence of any political will to turn them into reality . lettera
there is no truth with a capital letter , indisputable and revered without the help of critical reasoning . maiuscola
the rules must be harmonised at administrative level , by centralising sanctions and controls , but also in legislative terms through the ratification of the 1995 convention on the protection of the union 's financial interests , which has remained a dead letter until now . this convention is accompanied by two protocols , which are without doubt important but have aroused the suspicions of the member states and made it unlikely that they will ratify it directly . lettera
in a letter dated 23 july 1998 , the gabonese prime minister asked the commission to send an observer mission for the whole electoral process . lettera
our letter of 3 september deserves a response and i believe that it will get one . lettera
what action is the commission taking to ensure that it complies with the spirit and letter of the harrison report on late payments adopted in september , to make sure that small and medium-sized businesses which carry out work for the commission are not the victims of late payment by the commission ? lettera
in addition , the president of the council was authorised to send a letter of reply to the foreign minister of malta , referring to the procedure which is now necessary , namely the updating of the opinion . lettera
is the council aware of the letter of 3 august sent by mrs albright , united states secretary of state , to mr helms , chairman of the us senate 's foreign affairs committee , which was published by newspapers and other media ? lettera
does the council intend to respond to this letter or take a stance on this matter ? lettera
mr president , mr salafranca sanchez-neyra , the council is of course aware of the letter sent by secretary of state mrs albright to the chairman of the us senate 's foreign affairs committee , jesse helms , on the ' understanding with respect to the disciplines for the strengthening of investment protection ' . this is a part of the important package agreed at the eu-us summit meeting in london on 18 may . lettera
the letter was not , however , addressed to the council and therefore it would not be appropriate for the council to respond . NULL
on the question of expropriation , in a letter to mrs albright of 18 may which is also part of the london package , sir leon brittan has accepted that according to information from the united states it appears that , having regard to the discriminatory provisions of cuba 's law 851 , the expropriations in a number of cases were contrary to international law . NULL
the problem is that in the interpretation of the agreements between the european union and the united states set out in that letter , it is stated that this interpretation serves as a basis for the philosophy and general aims of united states legislation . lettera
the first question i would therefore like to put to you is this : what reaction does the content of this letter produce in the council ? lettera
i should like to ask the president of the council , in the event of the agreement of 18 may coming into force - which appears unlikely at present - if the minister can assure the house that this will not lead to the creation of serious obstacles for european traders seeking to carry on business activities in cuba , those being implicit in mrs albright 's letter ? lettera
there is probably little more she can say in reply , but i do share mr salafranca 's concern , in the sense that the commission and the council should reply to a letter mrs albright has written to mr helms . lettera
in fact that letter is surprising , to put it mildly . lettera
the letter goes on to state something even more surprising , namely that the european union must refer to the information which the united states holds on expropriated assets before helping any business wishing to invest in cuba . lettera
in my view , parliament proposed some excellent amendments , but the commissioner ultimately decided to ignore them completely as her letter was already ready when we discussed them in brussels and she simply failed to take them into account . lettera
in our opinion there are ethical , structural and political reasons : ethical , in that the various episodes of waste and sometimes of corruption , nepotism and patronage which have occurred in this increasingly untransparent organisation are notorious ; structural , because the staffing levels and organisation have become elephantine and bureaucratic , hindering rapid and efficient decision-making ; political , finally , because the majority of un resolutions remain dead letters , and they will continue to remain dead letters until there is a proper executive arm or alternative strict sanctions to enforce respect for those resolutions . lettera
after the vote i discovered to my surprise that a letter , signed by an official of this parliament , was sent to various members - not to me , of course - on official parliament paper , calling on them not to vote for it . lettera
we take note of that , mr von habsburg , and i should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter . lettera
that will indeed be necessary with the introduction of the euro as a single currency and you did not need letters from members , which were presumably only aimed at the gallery and at currying favour with the farmers , to point this out to you . lettere
and we shall make sure that this evening 's meeting of the socialist group receives a letter from our group , to be given to him personally . lettera
i would like to ask the commission how things stand as regards following up these letters and these infringements ? lettere
in addition , seven more reasoned opinions and three letters of formal notice have been issued and many of those will end up going to court this year if no effective action is taken . lettere
the expectations of a political declaration on the subject raised by the subsidiarity letter have accompanied us right up to the special pörtschach summit . lettera
this point should not be forgotten , especially if milosevic fails to honour the us-brokered agreement and comply with un security resolutions in letter and in spirit . forma
as regards humanitarian aid , i see that , having shown its fighting spirit in the face of the echo scandal , the european parliament is once again satisfied with explanations and a mere letter . however , madam president , we have still not , and i repeat , still not received the uclaf report that sparked the whole affair . lettera
it should , however , be noted that two conventions on extradition have now been adopted , but because the member states have not yet ratified them they remain a dead letter for the time being . lettera
an organisation goes to a bank with a letter signed by the european commission and is granted a loan on the basis of that letter . lettera
mr president , in march 1997 you sent a letter to the governor of pennsylvania , tom ridge , about the death sentence passed on mumia abu-jamal and his planned execution . lettera
thank you , mrs pailler , i will write the letters as you request . lettere
mr president , last week the committee on foreign affairs , security and defence policy sent you an urgent letter asking if we could have a statement here today from mr santer on what grants are to be made under the budget lines for human rights . missiva
mrs aelvoet , that letter did indeed reach me yesterday , and it was immediately forwarded to the european commission , because in the letter , the committee on foreign affairs asked for the commission to be invited to make a statement pursuant to rule 37 of our rules of procedure . lettera
so i have sent a letter to the maltese authorities and the foreign minister will visit us tomorrow . lettera
in keeping with the letter and the spirit of article 128 of the treaty , the aim of the framework programme is to promote a common cultural area as a means of fostering creativity , cooperation and exchanges . it should also facilitate the preservation and dissemination of the common cultural heritage of european interest and the history of the peoples of europe , and raise awareness of the cultures of member states . lettera
i wonder , mr president , if you are now in a position to voice your response to this letter i sent you last week . lettera
a letter signed by the secretary-general on behalf of the commission was sent to the officials concerned expressing the dissatisfaction of the institution with their management performance . stata
we have developed a particular procedure whereby we write a sectoral letter when our auditors come back from the member states ; this means that the relevant auditing sector writes to the member state and to the relevant national court of auditors in order to inform them of the results . lettera
is the commission aware of the letter of 3 august sent by mrs albright , united states secretary of state , to mr helms , chairman of the us senate 's foreign affairs committee , which was published by newspapers and other media ? lettera
does the commission intend to respond to this letter or take a stance on this matter ? reagire
the commission is aware of the letter from secretary albright to senator helms regarding the understanding on investment disciplines . lettera
we discussed it with secretary albright during the ministerial meeting in vienna in september and the commission informed her that there were several parts of the letter which the commission would not have written . lettera
moving on to my second point , commissioner , i would like you to confirm that you did have the opportunity of meeting with the chairman of the congressional foreign affairs committee , senator gilman , and also with congressman bob menéndez during your latest visit to washington . also , i would like you to state whether or not it is true that you - or the european commission - were asked to put in writing your position with regard to the content of mrs albright 's letter to senator helms . lettera
finally , commissioner , i would like to know whether you are in receipt of any communication from the united states ' congress on this matter , requesting the commission to state its position on the content of the letter in question . lettera
the competent authorities in greece were informed in a letter dated 18 september 1998 . lettera
secondly , given that there has been an exchange of correspondence between you , mr monti , and the greek government , for the sake of more complete parliamentary monitoring and greater transparency i would like a copy at least of your own letter to the greek government . lettera
so for the benefit of mrs müller i would say yes , i do indeed recall your letter , which i believe recommended that we should conclude direct contracts with the european human rights foundation . lettera
the co-chairman of the european union-turkey joint parliamentary committee , mr bülent akarcali , sent a letter to the various italian members threatening them on behalf of turkey . lettera
this letter ends by saying that granting mr ocalan political asylum would not only have a negative effect on the friendly relations between turkey and italy , but would also create a terrorist problem for italy , europe and the rest of the world . NULL
these are all quotations from this letter . lettera
i fully agree with our rapporteur 's opinion on the statement by germany , france and the united kingdom of 9 december 1997 , and on the letter of intent from the german , spanish , french , italian , swedish and british ministers for defence . lettera
the provisions adopted must , however , be in line with the spirit and the letter of the geneva convention and european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms . lettera
for years now , i and many other honourable members too have been arguing in written questions , articles , letters and resolutions that a review of book pricing should be based in a balanced way on a range of both economic and cultural arguments . lettere
commissioners van miert and oreja have indicated in a letter to the culture ministers , following a study , that for demonstrable cultural reasons it might be possible to retain book pricing , including for cross-border agreements in the same linguistic region . lettera
mr president , when my group presented that compromise text to you , on behalf of ourselves and the liberals , we sent your services a letter which i am sure is there on your table . lettera
you wrote me a letter which i shall forward to the rules committee in order to have a definitive interpretation . lettera
a letter was written to mrs aelvoet and sent via the internet and was thus accessible to anyone in the house who wanted to read it . NULL
a small section of the letter referred to leonardo da vinci , a vocational training programme that comes under the committee on employment and social affairs . lettera
during this debate we have heard a lot of references to letters , press articles , rumours and even parliamentary questions . lettere
the next item is the report ( a4-0500 / 98 ) by mrs dührkop dührkop and mr viola , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 1999 , as modified by the council ( c4-0600 / 98 ) , and on draft letter of amendment no 1 / 99 to the preliminary draft budget for 1999 - section iii commission ( c4-0666 / 98 ) . lettera
as the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on agriculture , i have helped to make sure that the procedure introduced last year whereby the commission sends notification of amendments between the first and second readings has been followed to the letter this year too , and we have received specific proposed amendments to a considerable number of budget items . puntualmente
does the commission regard these shifts and agreements amongst undertakings as running counter to the spirit and the letter of the treaties and as detrimental to free competition and to the consumer ? lettera
i had a letter this evening from the platform for freight transit or whatever name they have adopted , and this platform backs my request . lettera
the same concerns apply to the food aid and we invite the commission to apply the memorandum of understanding to the letter and to inform parliament immediately of any possible cases of fraud or speculation . lettera
it can be no surprise that the timing of this coincides almost exactly with a critical letter from the commission about the existing scheme . lettera
but it would politically inexplicable if these two problems were to be resolved at the cost of funds aimed at the poorest countries and regions among the current 15 member states of the european union , turning article 2 of the maastricht treaty on economic and social cohesion into a dead letter . lettera
on the most elementary human rights , such as the right to life , freedom and dignity , the universal declaration continues largely to be a dead letter . lettera
mr president , you have said that you have made a decision using your own discretion rather than applying the rules to the letter . lettera
in a letter and a memorandum addressed to the un secretary-general on 20 november this year , morocco raised a number of questions on which it asked for clarification . documento
in a further letter of 15 december this year , morocco expressed its opposition to regarding these 65 000 candidates as candidates in a second list . documento
like myself , you have all received letters from credit institutions concerning amendment no 17 . lettere
last spring there was an exchange of letters between commissioner oreja and the italian minister for sport on the need for a coordinated initiative on doping at european level . epistolare
this letter from the pakistani embassy also states that the two mps held under arrest are not being ill treated at all , but are bearing up well . nella
i believe we should add our voice to the letter sent in november to the president of sudan by his eminence cardinal daneels , the president of pax christi international . lettera
in my opinion , while the motion may not breach the letter of the ec treaty , it is certainly contrary to the spirit of the treaty . lettera
did it not occur to you as you weighed the political implications that your doubtless well-intentioned letter of last december might have a counter-productive effect on a good many members ? lettera
can you tell us if we shall be getting a reply from mrs cresson to the letter which the committee on budgetary control sent her in november following a very inconclusive joint meeting ? lettera
some time ago , indeed , i appeared before the committee on budgetary control to answer a series of questions about the joint research centre and the letter to me from the committee arrived some time afterwards . lettera
it contained numerous questions to which my departments prepared replies , and i signed the reply to mrs theato 's letter a short while ago . lettera
secondly , mr santer 's letter to the swedish prime minster , göran persson , was a noteworthy incident . lettera
i should like in particular to point out to mr hyland that the employment problem in the rural areas of the european union is the subject of a letter which the president of the agriculture council sent to the president of the european council in november 1997 in the context of the special employment summit . documento
this letter focused in particular on the possible ways of maintaining a healthy rural population structure throughout the european union . documento
i was also not exactly pleased to be handed just two minutes ago commissioner monti 's reply to the letter that mr cox and i wrote to him about the infringement procedure . lettera
if the commission 's promised reforms do not turn into reality , and if the report of the group of wise men is not followed to the letter , we give notice that our critical support today cannot be taken for granted in the future . lettera
we have also forgotten about the spirit and letter of the treaty on european union . lettera
the committee on culture , youth , education and the media is sorry to see that mr bangemann is apparently so afraid of it that he felt obliged to exercise his prerogatives under the rules of procedure and criticise the committee as a whole for having presumed to express its own views on the substance of the report in the form of a letter . muoverle
the efforts made by a pressure group to get its message across by disguising members as hens , taking their photograph and putting hen cages in our letter boxes , amount to behaviour that is unacceptable in this parliament . cassette
i am a keen supporter of animal welfare and have received many letters from my constituents on this matter . lettere
i wrote to you last week drawing your attention to a letter which was addressed to you , dated 28 october , from president santer of the commission . lettera
although it was addressed to you , the letter was in fact in response to a letter from me . lettera
i rise not about the substance of the letter but to ask whether it is normal practice for the commission to respond to letters from members in this way and whether it is acceptable that there should be a ten-week delay . lettera
i wish to comment briefly on the points already made in connection with article 5 , points which proved to be particularly contentious in the discussions of recent months and to which the mountain of letters piling up in all our offices also relates . lettere
mr president , we all received your letter saying that the bureau has decided to alter parliament 's information strategy . lettera
of course , individual countries are morally and politically obliged to comply with whatever international conventions there may be in this field , both in letter and in spirit . lettera
there are only two possible approaches here : either you play at being santa claus and say ' all foreigners are welcome in europe and can be supported by us ' , or you must apply the existing agreements to the letter , in which the case the asylum cheaters must be sent back to their own countries : not just because they put the whole asylum system at risk and thus harm genuine asylum seekers , but also because in europe itself there are many poor and underprivileged to whom we first owe an obligation before we can take rigorosamente
during a meeting , the cuban authorities showed us a letter from farmers in the united states who are putting pressure on mr clinton to allow them to sell directly to small cuban firms or relatives of cubans in miami , within the context of the recent flexibility measures introduced by the united states government . lettera
precisely what the usa asked for - an arbitration panel under article 21 ( 5 ) - i believe in the letter to sir leon of 13 july is now under way . lettera
moreover , when releasing financial assistance to countries in conflict , the commission will send a letter to the head of state or government requesting assurances that no funds are diverted for belligerent purposes . lettera
it is absolutely imperative that we , having agreed those compromise amendments between the water rapporteurs , now agree to endorse them because the german presidency , which was not represented at last night 's debate , has stated in a letter : ' the german presidency is hoping to achieve a common position on the draft directive at the march council . lettera
he may remember a constituent of mine , simon hossack , who wrote many letters to the commission and i tabled many questions on his behalf . hossack
when we visited ankara for the second time during the trial , i delivered a personal letter from the president of parliament , lord plumb , to the two detainees . lettera
in the run-up to the council of 22 january the south african leader of the negotiations , the trade minister mr erwin , sent a letter to commissioner pinheiro in which he actually categorically rejected any amendment of the compromise reached in davos . lettera
when the amsterdam treaty comes into force , no doubt we can expect a letter from the commission requiring us to outlaw the danish ban on creosote , because the amsterdam treaty does not permit countries to go further than the majority where measures relating to human health are concerned . lettera
i would also ask you to be so kind as to reply to the letter which i sent you on the very day of the tragedy , 3 february , proposing that parliament 's committee on foreign affairs , security and defence policy should draw up an own-initiative report on the presence of nato air bases on european territory , and on the pros and cons of allowing these armed personnel excessive freedom to make training flights . lettera
i sent the same letter to the commission president , mr santer , but he did not reply either . lettera
as for the global nature of this problem , i have received , in my capacity as chairman of the committee , a letter from an iranian organisation pointing out that women in iran are still being stoned . lettera
there is some uncertainty surrounding the date of effect of a resignation as a result of a legally doubtful distinction which is drawn between , on the one hand , the formal conditions governing resignation - first a letter and then notification in an official record - and , on the other , the date of effect of that resignation as stipulated by the existing paragraph 5 of rule 8 . lettera
for democracy to work despite all our differences , the letter as well as the spirit of the rules must be observed . lettera
as i said in a letter to the financial times this very day , it is a great misfortune that european union political leaders , including the uk prime minister , mr blair , i regret to say , have failed to heed the many warning signals and failed to grasp the nettle with the americans at a much earlier stage . lettera
many of the letters i receive in dublin are from members of religious orders , for example . lettere
when the rapporteur calls in paragraph 6 for ' a prime objective of community action to be focused on fostering equality in health ' , he is overstepping the boundaries not only of subsidiarity , but also the letter and spirit of the treaty . lettera
however , i have contacted some of the member states by letter to try to speed up the process . provvedano
i also wrote a letter to the commission on this matter prior to the issue of electronic payments coming up for discussion . trattazione
mr rübig , i have already sent two or three letters to the relevant belgian authorities , but i will make further representations to them following your request . lettere
this is what was stated in the letter that mr santer sent to gerhard schröder , which , i would point out , was signed by all the commissioners individually . lettera
we have now seen a letter this afternoon to the president of parliament , signed by sir leon brittan , telling us how the commission plans to handle such matters in the future . missiva
i am pleased to say at this point that we are quite happy with this letter . lettera
we now have an agreement that i think parliament can accept on the basis of the letter which has been sent today . lettera
the measures the commission intends to take are set out in a letter that i have sent to the president of the european parliament today . lettera
that letter states first that at the beginning of each year , the commission will provide a list of all the relevant euratom agreements under article 101 ( 2 ) which are under negotiation or for which negotiations are to be launched in the coming year . lettera
thus parliament will have the opportunity to make its views known before a decision is taken to conclude the agreement in line with the commitments made in our earlier exchange of letters . lettere
fourthly , by way of a letter , information will be provided on the relevant agreements under article 101 ( 2 ) euratom which are currently either under negotiation or for which a decision or conclusion has not yet been taken . lettera
we are grateful to you , commissioner , for your letter , which - at the last minute , if i may say so - enabled us to reach our decision on the kedo project . lettera
if you are now presenting us with a letter , sir leon , the content of which i can certainly endorse - well , i have to say that it may have come late , but at least it has come . lettera
in the past , it could take several months to send a 169 letter . lettera
therefore , whatever the current difficulties , it is right and even advisable that the joint budgetary authority should prepare a responsible , rigorous and effective budget for the year 2000 in line with the eu 's political commitments and according to the spirit and letter of the interinstitutional agreement . lettera
in addition , i understand that the presidency are supporting the spirit or the letter of several of the amendments that have been retabled for this second reading by the social affairs and employment committee . forma
anyone wanting more details can ask me for a copy of your letter . lettera
in a letter of 9 december 1998 we were asked to deliver an opinion , but the council of justice ministers had already adopted the action plan on 3 december . lettera
this extremely restrictive interpretation is the result of a letter from mr legrand of the commission . lettera
the view expressed by one media company in a letter to us - that the human rights and fundamental rights associated with the freedom of the press will be violated if we do not vote for it - is one which i find absolutely absurd . iscritto
you backed that resolution , commissioner , and you also confirmed it in a letter to me dated 8 january 1999 . lettera
it is the council which now has the opportunity to insist that these proposals are carried out to the letter , together with the sem 2000 and map 2000 reform plans , which are sorely needed . scrupolosamente
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are talking about bse , three letters which in the past , before the european parliament reappraised the matter , stood for a bizarre mixture of mismanagement , misjudgement and sloppiness both in the commission and in several member states . sigla
the analysis of the infringement procedures since 1996 shows a minimum of 97 total cases linked to petitions out of 535 cases relating to direct complaints for which the commission sent letters of formal notice thus initiating infringement proceedings . lettere
the european parliament 's information brochure for the public on the right to petition states that petitions often reveal practices in a member state which are contrary to the letter or the spirit of community legislation . lettera
as mr kinnock pointed out to mr van dam in his letter of 11 march , he genuinely believes that we need to translate the consensus we have achieved on the need to promote combined transport into specific , practical measures . missiva
in december last year , the italian authorities asked in a letter from the italian permanent representative that the deadline stipulated for their reply should be extended to 15 january 1999 . lettera
at the eleventh hour , the quaestors have taken an appealable decision in response to my letter of august last year . lettera
but the member concerned rejects the charge and has even proved to us that he wrote letters to the belgian social security administration confirming his intent to meet those obligations , but without ever receiving a reply . scritto
you will be aware that it was a letter from mrs theato , the chairman of the committee on budgetary control , that prompted the committee to consider annex v. the letter inquired as to whether article 5 of annex v , which states that an absolute majority must refuse discharge , complied with the provisions of the treaty . allegato
we do not entirely agree with some of the points adopted , for example , the fact that the president can inform the commission of the reasons behind a refusal of discharge simply by letter , as this seems a rather secretive way of going about things . lettera
a request for these additional resources must therefore be expected in the rectifying letter to the budget to be presented later this year to the new parliament . lettera
mr president , so that the minutes are correct , i should like to point out that the last letter of my name is an ' r ' and not an ' n ' . lettera
the greens have listened carefully to your speech today , which sits well with the letter you sent us and which says more about sustainable development , the environment and consumer protection than your first speech did . lettera
i am grateful to mr duhamel for his kindness in quoting an italian who , in turn , took that quotation from a great french man of letters . letterato
mr president , i have received a letter from your office which states that the question i addressed to the council , which was to be discussed tomorrow , will not be discussed . the reason given was that today there would be a debate on kosovo , during which this question , which relates to the environment in kosovo , which has effectively been destroyed , would be brought up . lettera
as the chairman of the budget committee mentioned yesterday , in the budget committee there is a problem with timing : how to guarantee that both arms of the budget authority can deal properly with the amending letter . lettera
as i indicated during the discussion with mr prodi this afternoon , the present timetable parliament has set for appointing the new commission , which involves the commission being appointed by the earliest in mid-september , means that there are only two weeks left to submit this letter of amendment . lettera
whatever happens , we ought to have it before the european parliament 's first reading , as otherwise we will be at the mercy of the council when it comes to making additional appropriations available in category 5 , because if the letter is not submitted until after parliament 's first reading , an amendment will only be permissible if both parts of the budget authority , that is the council and the parliament , agree to it . lettera
mr prodi also gave an undertaking to this effect in the meeting with the committee chairman , so that an appropriate letter of amendment can be presented within this time frame , allowing parliament to take it at first reading . lettera
finally , but above all , right the way through the text it recognises the equality of parliament and the council : the committee is to be chaired jointly ; it will meet alternately on council premises and on parliament premises ; texts have to be signed jointly by the two chairmen ; letters have to be signed by the two chairmen ; even the juridical linguistic review by the staff will now be jointly between parliament and the council . lettere
in the letter i sent to you in december 1996 asking for your vote , i spoke of five challenges the union , and therefore its parliament , would have to face : five major challenges to be met in two and a half years . NULL
in my letter of nomination , i also talked about internal reforms and the uniform statute for members . lettera
finally , i would like to thank mr santer and mr oreja , because after 20 years ' work we have succeeded in getting the commission 's internal telephone directory officially issued , with a covering letter stating that within a few months everyone else will also be able to get hold of it , once the prototype has become a real telephone directory . lettera
we also decided in december that we wanted to withdraw the so-called ' strategic amendments ' to the 1999 budget , and just before the berlin european council , our chairman , mr samland , sent a letter to the 15 finance ministers informing them of the figures the european parliament considered to be the absolute minimum requirements , the so-called ' minima minimorum ' . lettera
i receive a great many letters from ukrainian pensioners who are in a really bad way and need help . lettere
allow me to voice the view of the absolute majority of the committee by saying that this is not only a matter of the rights of parliament , important though they may be ; one of the roles in which this parliament has always seen itself is as the advocate of fundamental rights , of civil liberties , of personal rights in the european union , and it is difficult to serve as the advocate of the european people if we are excluded in this way from council projects , an exclusion which we believe is contrary to the letter lettera
this was a letter posted yesterday by the general secretary of the labour party informing me that i had been suspended from my party . lettera
mr president , a few days ago i received a letter from a committee set up in support of a campaign to save the life of greg sommer , one of so many people condemned to death and awaiting execution . lettera
i assume that the chairman of the ppe , who currently holds the presidency of the conference , will have forwarded that letter to the presidency of the parliament . lettera
in that letter , mr santer stipulated that mr bangemann could not commence his new duties and his new activities until the procedure set out in article 215 of the treaty had been completed and he also said that he would submit to the college the question of the compatibility of that planned appointment with article 213 of the treaty . lettera
those elected from the bonino list tried to explain in an open letter to all their colleagues the reason for the setting up of this group , the reasons for the discrimination against the non-attached members in this parliament and therefore the reasons for our initiative - as well as for the motion for an amendment to the rules of procedure which i hope will be announced soon - and to invite them to vote with us against this interpretation . lettera
as far as i know , mr prodi received a letter from the greek prime minister . lettera
if , ladies and gentlemen , you choose to interpret the rule in a way which goes beyond the letter of parliament ' s law , even though it is extremely clear , perhaps out of scorn for the rights of minorities or as a way of expressing the large parties ' hegemonic desires , i would like to draw your attention to the fact that you would be creating an extremely important and damaging precedent which might rebound on any of the groups or sub-groups of this house one day . lettera
i say this because this is a sine qua non condition which we have established in our committee and this is what was communicated to you in the letter which i signed myself . lettera
as far as agricultural expenditure is concerned , the new commission will come back at the end of october with new forecasts in its now traditional letter of amendment which has been agreed by the institutions . lettera
madam president-in-office , you reminded us of those areas where we did get agreement in the trialogues , about the letters of amendment in the autumn , about the commitment appropriations in the structural funds and about what our clear priorities should be . lettere
that is why we agreed on an ad hoc procedure ; that is why we agreed on the letter of amendment in the autumn . lettera
it was with astonishing insight that these two adolescents wrote us a letter in which they reminded us of the enormous difficulties there are today in being a child of the third world . lettera
we feel though , after the speech that we have heard here this morning , that it may be because that item in the treaty of amsterdam which was , of necessity , destined to be almost a dead letter or just hot air , is now gaining a certain visibility , creating greater consensus and asserting itself naturally , thereby making the path towards a common area of freedom , security and justice seem much more credible . lettera
mr president , today i received a letter from the services department informing me that the question which i submitted to the council will be answered alongside another question submitted by another colleague . lettera
regarding the costs , i would like a letter from mr priestley outlining the costs . scritto
before you all rush to go , the secretary-general has agreed that , because so many of you are still on the list of speakers , we will treat any letters that come in rather like an explanation of vote which will be published in the minutes of today , provided you get your letters in by the end of next week so that you can make your point . scritte
the secretary-general has agreed that he will take written letters from you that will be published later . scritte
we have told this to the south africans and we might wish to make it explicit in the exchange of letters that will be signed on the provisional application of the trade agreement . lettere
mr thors , my attitude regarding this letter is very simple . lettera
i have absolutely nothing against publication but it must be the recipient of the letter who publishes it , not the sender . lettera
i therefore request , president , that you write a letter on behalf of the european parliament to the british prime minister expressing our shock and horror at the magnitude of this terrible disaster , asking him to and pass on our deepest sympathy to the relatives of those people who have died , and also to the relatives of those who remain seriously injured in the hope that they make a full recovery . lettera
madam president , i would therefore request that you write a letter to the governor of colorado and ask him to give this small , mistreated child his fatherly help . lettera
would it be possible for him to send a letter to the authors of this directory to say that he is not responsible for these subjective descriptions and to ask for an amendment . lettera
well , despite this amendment , this provision has , to a large extent , remained a dead letter . lettera
regarding the olaf staff , the commission will incorporate into its letter of amendment the proposal of the committee on budgetary control and the committee on budgets to provide 75 new jobs next year . lettera
it will therefore propose in its letter of amendment , an appropriation increase which , although lower than that of parliament , is nevertheless considerable . lettera
we are pleased that , in its letter of amendment , the commission opposes parliament ' s position . lettera
that was our position in the preliminary draft budget and it will be maintained in the letter of amendment . lettera
like everyone , i believe , on the committee on budgets , i attach particular importance to seeing these commitments being made in writing further to the highly interesting letter which mrs schreyer sent us and to which our chairman , mr wynn , responded requesting , i believe , further details . lettera
the united nations convention in 1951 was clear : it should be applied to the letter but not replaced or surrounded with new regulations which , in my view , could cause even more confusion . lettera
before handing over to my fellow commissioner , michel barnier , who is going to present the objectives of the intergovernmental conference , i would once again like to thank the parliament for the support given to the commission in this project , the tampere project , the spirit of tampere , the letter of tampere , but most of all the project of the citizens of this shared union of ours . lettera
finally , and again i am borrowing ideas and proposals from the gillenhammer report , i intend to send a letter to every company in europe with over 1,000 employees , asking them to draft a voluntary report entitled " managing change " ; this kind of benchmarking between these large companies will help us to make provision for restructuring without creating acute or major social problems . lettera
i welcome the initiative of president jacques chirac , chancellor gerhard schröder and prime minister tony blair who , in an open letter to the american public , canvassed in favour of ratifying the comprehensive test ban treaty . lettera
it is just as apparent that , now as before , a large part of the flow of aid to russia ( i need only mention the letters imf or international monetary fund ) disappears into a bottomless pit . fmi
the council , or rather , a small part of it , has ignored the spirit and the letter of the treaties and specifically article 151 . lettera
the system of knowledge , the human emotions which only the arts and letters can produce , in other words , our culture , are deeply based on what the europeans have in common and therefore form the basis of european citizenship . lettere
they only differ by four letters but that certainly makes a very big difference at the budgetary level . somiglianza
to this end , we ten meps delivered a letter to the registry , saying that we supported this resolution , which we believed to be a joint resolution of the ppe , the pse and the uen , and that was that . dichiaravamo
we started to approach the moroccan authorities as early as february with direct contacts , a great number of letters , and a great many visits . lettere
this information was indeed quite partisan and the secretary-general tells me that the letter has already been sent to those concerned . lettera
you are also personally aware , through your exchange of letters with our group , that we have always said that the lifting of the embargo must be associated with the introduction of tests . scambiata
so , i faxed you a letter to tell you that i would be attending in a personal capacity , but would nevertheless represent the european parliament to some extent at these funerals . lettera
as for lecturers at italian universities of non-italian nationality , i can inform mr maccormick that it so happens that i signed a letter on this matter today , addressed to an mep who had lodged the same complaint . lettera
i refuse to accept your assessment , mr flautre , and i would ask you to read the letter that the secretary-general has given me . lettera
it has trailed snail-like behind the council , only to now place before us as a proposal something that follows the council ' s agreement to the letter . fotocopia
i am sorry to say that so far i have not received a reply to this letter . lettera
mr president , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , this fifth letter of amendment for the budget of 1999 is in accordance with the directives proposed in may in budgetary conciliation . documento
in addition , this letter creates 15 new posts for olaf and it goes without saying that i would like to address the questions that have been put to me here on the appointment of the director of olaf . documento
provision is made in that article for sending a letter of this type prior to the actual institution of the proceedings . lettera
in those circumstances , that is the period of time that i have included in the letter which is the first step in the initiation of proceedings . lettera
however , i should say that the fact that the letter stipulates a period of two weeks within which to reply does not preclude further discussions taking place and an agreement being reached within the next couple of days , if that proves possible . lettera
so i have to assure you that the inclusion of fourteen days in the letter does not , in my mind , suggest an intention to stave off negotiations or further discussions for a period of two weeks . lettera
i , like my colleagues , receive an increasing number of letters from constituents asking for help in divorce cases involving partners from different member states . lettere
improved relations between greece and turkey , not just as a result of the earthquakes , but as an issue in itself , and a discernible change in attitude in turkey with regard to legal and constitutional reform , human rights and the turkish kurds are very welcome steps forward , as are also the commitments and recognition of realities contained in bülent ecevit ' s letter to chancellor gerhard schröder last may . lettera
i have here a copy of a letter which one of the witnesses sent . lettera
he is in prison , it is true , but he sent a letter to the court saying that he had heard somebody claiming responsibility for the murder which josé joaquín martínez is convicted of . lettera
you have already sent a letter conveying our best wishes to the northern ireland authorities . lettera
could you send another letter to invite our northern ireland friends , the executive , to pay a visit to the parliament . lettera
mrs britt theorin , chairman of the committee on women ' s rights and equal opportunities , has taken an initiative with which i personally fully agree . she has sent all male meps a letter encouraging them to wear a white ribbon as a sign of their public commitment not to perpetrate violence or to excuse or remain silent about violence against women . lettera
the reproach implicit in his letter that the union actually regulates far too much at national , regional and local level , is also striking . lettera
it is an excellent report and we give it our full backing , but it is regrettable that , in my opinion , the warning panel , in particular , is still rather unclear : a triangular panel with a red border and black letters spelling " ex " . lettere
the declaration adopted on saturday in helsinki was made known to the russian government the same day by means of a letter from the president of the european council and the high representative . lettera
this report is now being debated in connection with next year ' s budget , and we intend to vote on it tomorrow , wednesday , when it is hoped the commission will also present its preliminary letter of amendment in accordance with practice . lettera
to my mind , the council is like one of those people whom you cannot ask to post a letter , because they cannot tell the difference between a letterbox and a drain-hole . lettera
the council asked parliament to give its opinion in a letter dated 3 november 1999 , which also contained the names and curricula vitae of the candidates . lettera
it is useful to bear in mind that the commission 's letter of formal notice issued on 16 november allowed a period of only two weeks for reply , rather than the normal two months . lettera
to address the question of whether there was a delay or whether the proceedings will ultimately come to court later than they would otherwise have done in the formal notice proceeding , the first letter sent by the commission normally requires a response within a period of two months . lettera
it is true that it supports the peace plan , it is true that it sends letters and other things , but europe has a specific responsibility because my country , spain , and other countries have a close connection with the current situation in the sahara . lettere
however , the council can accept the amendments you made to the letter of amendment no 2 / 2 000 as well as the maximum rate of increase which results from your second reading . lettera
therefore , the only way we could do that was by this very quick procedure , through the committee on tuesday , by a letter from the president . lettera
