we look to the commission also to ensure that there is matched funding for projects . adeguato
we feel it is extremely important for the european union to play a political role in negotiations which matches its economic aid . pari
nevertheless , mr alavanos , the council is also aware that the total amount of resources made available to the appropriate international organisations in kosovo does not match the desired amount , in terms of what the various member states have been able to raise , and this has limited the real ability of these organisations to act on the ground . corrispondono
in spite of an increase of 3 million in relation to the initial proposal , personally , once again i deplore the fact that the funds allocated do not match up to the ambitions expressed and that the concern to save money displayed by the council in this situation is in rude contrast to its declarations in favour of the safety of the energy supply , job creation and environmental protection , challenges that are just as significant which we must face up to . altezza
we need to match this vision with reality . visione
if you are able to match these aspirations with actions in the years ahead , you will be making an unprecedented contribution to the future of the european union as a whole and , as we have heard today , you will enjoy widespread support in this european parliament . corrispondere
the aspirations are fine , president prodi , we want those aspirations to be matched by action . seguano
in this context , in committee we regretted the paltry funding allotted to rural development and supported the amendments calling for an increased budget for this community initiative so that it matches the previous leader i and leader ii initiatives . renderla
when an autonomous region 's or country 's funding from european structural funds increases , the state makes a concomitant reduction in central funding to that region , so that the total funding package available matches a formula set nationally without regard to the quantum of structural funds granted by the union . corrisponda
this is a very special situation with a degree of inter-ethnic tension which fortunately is not matched with such severity in others parts of kosovo . interetnica
macedonia remains a potential minefield and has a history to match . focolaio
for the commission has been asked to report , as it will in the first half of next year , on the progress in transposing it in the member states , on whether the serious nature of this issue is being matched by serious action . traduca
this does not follow automatically : often in the past a great deal of wealth has been accumulated thanks to the promotion of the tourist industry , without this being matched by an increase in employment . corrisposto
one of the biggest challenges that may come from the essential efforts to match the tasks of the commission with the resources of the commission will confront this house . adeguare
an active population of 60 % is very low compared with that of japan or the united states and we cannot match those countries ' levels of production with such a low rate of employment . suddetti
only in this way will it be able to match the degree of seriousness with which the presidency is preparing this special summit . preparare
so it is possible for europeans to match this . eguagliare
mr president , the agenda for the lisbon council , which is to be held on 23 and 24 match , is liable to induce dizziness . capogiro
again , we need a programme of education that matches the best practice across the whole of europe . altezza
this means perhaps looking again at all our educational programmes to see that they match the programmes we are particularly enthusiastic about . adatti
we are aware of growing problems of ozone across europe , but if we are not even prepared to match the standards being set by the usa , one of our great commercial rivals , this would indeed be a great shame and a sorry reflection on our commitment to environmental improvement . rendere
even if the european commission uses its best efforts in the united kingdom there is no guarantee that the scrooge-like united kingdom chancellor will find matching funding . altrettanti
as i see it , the ffh directive is an instance where the legislation is not matched to the feasibilities of the regions . inadeguata
her strength and power for evil purposes is matched only by her determination not to find the missing prisoners . eguagliata
however , consumers ' enthusiasm for green goods has yet to be matched by industry . condiviso
i therefore welcome the rapporteur ' s proposal that the commission should match the budgetary appropriations to the numerous organisations that have a right to funding under this regulation . adeguare
sadly , the structural funds spending issues have been marked by delay by disputes in relation to matched funding and also in relation to the issue of additionality . destinazione
are you satisfied with the preparedness of the scottish executive to provide the necessary matching funding and to assure you that it is truly additional ? pertinenza
while i support the action stipulated by the report , and i too would like to congratulate the rapporteur , i still think the proposed measures do not match up to the scale of the problem before us . altezza
nor does this report , which , without being bad , does not match up to the issues at stake , seem very lucid or ambitious . altezza
mr president , in relation to the storms which occurred last december , the community did not match up to our expectations during the initial emergency period and now it is late in fulfilling its promises of aid . altezza
the approach which has been taken is absolutely correct , not only in making sure that we do not simply give money away if we have a little spare in the budget , but also where we have asked the secretary-general of parliament to come forward with a number of reports : for example , in paragraph 6 of the resolution where we have asked the secretary-general to look at and identify job needs in the same way as the commission so that we can match job needs to the staff which we have available in the longer term . combinare
however , i cannot accept amendments nos 1 and 2 because it is inappropriate to introduce recitals in a piece of legislation which are not matched by substantive provisions in the text . corrispondono
we also believe that the development of growth in europe will be strong throughout 2000 and , as a result , we will match us growth by the end of this year . settentrionale
i think that the european union ' s concern about the situation in burma-myanmar has been made sufficiently clear and i believe that it matches the concerns that have been expressed by parliament . myanmar
my firm conviction is that united europeans could be more than a match for these trials . altezza
because of the natural difficulties about the location of the matches under euro 2000 , the ppe-ed group as a whole has decided not to support this resolution and to withdraw it . partite
mr president , i hope there will be a great football match on 17 june between england and germany . partita
most people are looking forward to a good match and hope that it will be safe . incontro
they took advantage of matches to vent their hatred , chant nazi slogans and chase blacks and arabs on leaving the ground . approfittavano
before every match , right to the end of the season , paris st. germain now shows an anti-racist video clip which celebrates the values of friendship and brotherhood and the pleasures of the sport . germain
mr president , the ppe-de does not support the resolution of the british delegates and has announced that it is to withdraw it later on , not because we would not want to condemn the increasing violence as a result of football matches , but because the resolution is too restrictive and insubstantial as it stands and , to that extent , does not belong in this chamber . calcio
surely it is not up to us to get involved in the politics of one specific match at a specific venue and make technical statements about the suitability of one football stadium for one euro 2000 match ? partita
it is unfortunate that this resolution led to a match between belgium and england , first within the ppe-de and later on in this chamber , too . match
i do hope that this match finishes in a sportsmanlike way and i hope that the belgians will not just win here but also a number of matches during euro 2000 . incontro
this parliament should not be discussing safety during one particular euro 2000 match under pressure from what i assume is a portion of british public opinion . partita
that is why at the moment the commission is reflecting on how to revitalise this process in order to identify the immediate priorities for the commission action to match the recent political and industrial progress . tenere
unless and until we have a sufficient intelligence capability matching that of the us and the transport capabilities to put eu military personnel into world trouble spots quickly , we will continue to need a close working relationship with nato underpinned by a structured eu-nato dialogue which is not simply a replication of the weu / nato acquis . nato
it is true that not all of the union ' s member states have , like france , had the privilege to have developed very long-standing links with tunisia , which enable france to understand that the reality of the situation does not match up to the caricature that some fools in the media have managed to spread throughout europe . buffoni
it is true that tunisia does not match up to our idea of democracy , but how many countries in the world and even in europe , live up to the idea of what democracy is according to a person who is already a democrat ? NULL
may this success match that of the portuguese football team at the beginning of euro 2000 . pari
it is now time for our institutions , in the face of a disaster of this type , to be a match for our civil society and for the circumstances . altezza
madam president , i think that what is missing is a comment on the football match between italy and france . partita
the reason why it all went so well was that swedes and danes were in charge of the match , so i think we should thank the referees and linesmen for their considerable efforts . guardalinee
any request for increased mobility or adaptability should necessarily be matched by seamless social cover throughout the territory of the european union , as regards the transferability of pension rights , for example . impeccabile
i feel that we have been through several rounds of a boxing match but ultimately the whole committee , including the rapporteur , said that discharge should be granted . pugilato
in any event , however , controls will be needed , otherwise we will face the gradual collapse of our societies ' structures , which , if the truth be told , match the aims of globalisation too well not to suit europe ' s enemies to a tee . collimando
you said that my speech did not match the deadline that was set for the end of this year , so that the nice european council can evaluate the policy on asylum and immigration . contraddizione
due to the council ' s attitude in last year ' s difficult negotiations , there is insufficient trust in political pledges without a financial picture to match . corrisponde
what is clear is that the budgetary implementations do not match the effort made in recent years to introduce these programmes into the budget . resosi
we believe that the new priorities need to be matched to the ' fresh money ' available . corrispondere
but i do wonder why it is so difficult to adopt european policy or industrial policy which can match hollywood . hollywood
we must have real eu embassies that are at least some sort of a match for the united states embassies , especially in areas where it is the european union that bears most responsibility . misurarsi
for example , on closer inspection , it is possible to discern that the commitments for 2001 are not matched with adequate payment appropriations . corrispondono
i now hope that the community budget will provide this programme with financial resources that match up to the political ambitions that we are publicly stating for the mediterranean area . corrispondenti
however , this effort must be matched on our side by considerable political generosity , expressed in many different ways . corrispondere
as the budgetary authority repeatedly stresses , we must match resources and priorities more realistically in the future . equilibrare
these are therefore people who , when travelling to see football matches at euro 2000 , were subject to checks carried out at the external borders of the schengen area . partite
establishing controls at the external borders and , temporarily , at the internal borders of the schengen area is not the same as closing a border or systematically turning away people who wish to enter the territory in order to attend a football match . partita
having the nationality of a given member state and wanting to attend a football match are not sufficient grounds for being turned back at the border . partita
i supported portugal as well as i could there at king baudouin ' s stadium in brussels , but france won in the end in a match in which it has to be said that france had the better team . partita
but , however great their responsibility for the misfortunes of their country , it does not match the cynicism of the british ministers and high dignitaries . raggiungono
in theory , this is a solid basis for a decisive and clear dc policy , with implementation to match . cooperazione
we also need the human resources to match our programme resources and ambitions . adeguate
the level of protection of the public 's fundamental rights will match that in the european convention on human rights and will even guarantee a greater level of protection .  
unfortunately , the match has so far been goalless and not very exciting . avvincente
it is time to score a few goals in order to maintain hope and to sustain interest in the match as a whole . partita
despite the method adopted , which i welcome , the charter of fundamental rights , which should be the social foundation stone of the european union would not seem to match up either to the expectations or to the objectives set . altezza
we have to match up to that responsibility by adopting the appropriate directives and providing the necessary support . adempiere
following the communication of the 26 july on matching human resources to the institution ' s tasks , the commission cannot accept new tasks unless the budgetary authority allocates it the necessary resources for carrying these out . adeguamento
the issues to be discussed select themselves : we simply need to respond to the urgency of the situation and bring in legislation to match the declarations made at the lisbon summit . adeguare
there are many reasons why the rhetoric has not been matched by reality . corrispondenza
unfortunately , the text does not match the idea and desire of portugal ' s leading european . disegni
it is quite clear from all the communications we have seen , and particularly the importance that the commission is rightly attaching to matching competences with resources , that the commission itself realises that it has to produce less legislation and that it has to think about putting more resources into enforcing what it has already done . equilibrio
this motion for a resolution contains anything and everything , with , in the first place , a great many illusions and a great many ritualistic recitals , which are , fortunately , immediately overtaken by reality , and this turkish reality obviously does not match european illusions or dreams . corrisponde
the multiannual total must now be established for the period 2000-2006 , and i can only hope - although i cannot put a figure on it at this stage - that it will match up to the ambitions of the european union in its mediterranean policy . altezza
any product that does not match up to this standard must be withdrawn and appropriately disposed of , because products that we would not wish for ourselves should not be exported to more disadvantaged countries either . rispondono
these slight improvements - which we certainly do not owe to the author of the socialist group amendments , mr sakellariou - have come about over the last few years and given rise to a situation that is certainly no longer tragic but that remains disastrous and in any case still is no match for the real issues of modern-day vietnam .  
we are in favour of matching the own capital held to cover credit risks more closely with the economic risk level and further developing the rules on own funds . affermativamente
the council has therefore proceeded to its second reading of the budget , taking account of the agreements concluded with the delegation from parliament , with the ever-present desire to vote for a budget that will enable us to fund all of the european union ' s priorities and a budget that matches up to real needs and to our true ability to make use of appropriations . corrispondesse
this very considerable amount , which matches the heavy requirements for 2001 , will be largely funded by mobilising the flexibility instrument for an amount of eur 200 million . corrisponde
during the summit it seemed as if the netherlands was only out to win a kind of football match against belgium . partita
once a football match is over , only the goals count . partita
lastly a mention of social policy , which france had backed when it opened its presidency , but which ended up amounting to very little , apart from the declarations of intent and the titles of documents with very vague contents which clearly did not match up to the existing problems and the enormous discontent , of which the workers ' demonstration in nice was also a major expression . scommesso
this hope was matched by the tremendous concern with which we have followed the recent events which have again plunged this beautiful country into bloodshed , with the threat of an ethnic and religious divide between the north and the south . dei
i have a feeling that the aspects which i have mentioned , namely the importance of collective care and the importance of timely retirement , are considered to be of slightly less importance by the rapporteur and that , moreover , she is too optimistic about the possibility of the elderly thriving without our creating the social conditions to match . avvenga
enabling our citizens to age in an active and healthy way is one of the great challenges of our times and requires community policies to match national social security and public health systems . adeguamento
there is an old saying , applied to people whose actions do not match their words , which goes like this : " do what i say , not what i do " . incoerenti
i would emphasise the need for training in farm diversification , including low-volume products for niche markets , and cooperative marketing techniques where , by coming together , individual farms can seek to match the commercial bargaining strength of the supermarket chains . eguagliare
since the union as a whole is a world-class fishing power and one of the largest markets for fish produce , it must claim and adopt a role that matches its importance in international organisations and specifically in regional fishing organisations . reclamare
those efforts reflect the extent to which europe has a global role to play and they match , in a sense , the role that japan has been playing the balkans - helping to support stability there . corrispondono
we also have the scope to match , with additional assistance , any further progress made by the dprk authorities , notably in terms of access to the most vulnerable populations and the improvement of working conditions for non-governmental organisations . margini
there is a multi-million euro question which is , to use the words of a former french commission president : " have we got the means to match our ambitions ? " corrispondano
in summary , my group is in favour of the european union playing a broader role in the mediterranean and we hope that human and material resources are provided that are a match for the challenges facing us . altezza
the fight against illegal immigration , organised crime , the exploitation of women and children , drugs and the trafficking of weapons and human organs must be constantly at the centre of our focus , but we have to say that documents which are flawless in form are not being matched by meaningful progress on the ground . corrispondono
i fully concur with mr bullmann , when he talks of targets , but we are constantly experiencing just how little targets match up with concrete actions . sperimentiamo
at the same time the eu still has difficulty matching the us with regard to job creation , research and development and population growth . misurarsi
the minimum guaranteed quantities do not match actual production . garantiti
at half-time millions of kettles are turned on to make a cup of tea - for those who have not been drinking beer since the start of the match at least . partita
it is therefore crucial that the commission ' s pledges match the scale of the catastrophe that has now struck mongolia . s
this means that the letter of the commission 's proposal amending the regulation on the determination of member states ' payments to the vat-based own resource does not match actual practice . adeguare
member states and the european union must deal with this situation as a matter of urgency and in a way that matches people ' s needs . affrontata
the commission takes the view that a draft law in denmark covering the subject you have raised , now matches the above-mentioned provisions . corrisponde
it is time to match the rhetoric about fighting money laundering with tough action . accompagnati
we achieved this objective in a period of growth which we shall be unable to match next year , namely with growth of 3.4 % , i.e. in a fat year for the purposes of economic policy . protrarre
i understand that it was anxious to match action with resources and for that reason it rejected all those amendments that required it to take follow-up action . commisurare
we should therefore observe developments closely and take stock after a certain time in order to determine whether the material streams that have developed really do match our objectives . corrispondono
mr president , commissioner , limiting the number of bulls for which premiums are payable to ninety per farm , one of the points in the commission ' s seven-point plan , is unlikely to prove effective in matching beef production to demand in the european union . adeguare
we are taking a step in the right direction and we are endeavouring to make our actions match our words . tentando
in other words , it does not match up to the requirements of the developing transatlantic partnership in the future . NULL
the second point i would like to mention concerns globalisation : we have noted the sclerotic effect of either congress or ourselves legislating first and discovering that the ends do not match . sclerotizzante
let us make it known that the eu programme against social exclusion can be matched by the crime prevention strategy . associarsi
the sticker matches the mrs lindh ' s suit perfectly . intona
first of all , we can accept amendments on recitals which match provisions in the text and those which highlight the historical background , including previous parliament resolutions on the safety of animal feed . corrispondono
however , we must reject amendments introducing recitals which are not matched by provisions in the text , or deleting recitals referring to the text , as this is contrary to correct legal practice . corrispondono
however , when good intentions are coupled with political action to match , we are certain to make headway in europe and asia , even jointly , in fact . corrispondenti
i become profoundly suspicious of the added value of meetings where most of the real dialogue takes place beforehand in discussions on the joint statement to be issued , and at which as many people are present as at a less important football match in my own country . partita
one of my ambitions , and this may be regarded by some as an eccentricity , is to try to ensure that the ambitions in the area for which i am responsible are matched by the funds that we actually have to spend on them . sforzarmi
we simply believe that , by increasing the margin and the advantage that they might gain from ' matching ' these criteria , we can perhaps give some countries , who may be hesitating and who may be undecided between economic advantages and matters of principle , a nudge in what we believe to be the right direction . avviarli
the proposal recognises that in many instances the administrative costs of managing and processing the aid do not match the amount of aid that these small-scale farmers receive . corrispondono
we must , as a matter of priority , provide a definitive solution for this sector and until the commission matches the proposals already presented by parliament , we must extend the measures currently in force . presenti
while we are talking about the swedish people , an extremely likeable people , i would like to express the hope - in your own interest as well , mr president-in-office , as the swedish prime minister - that agreement to enlargement will , in future , be matched by agreement on the single european currency , so that sweden will remain fully integrated in our european political family . simpatico
the community will soon have a chance to match its words with deeds . tradurre
with regard to public opinion or the press , i also disagree with mr provan , because his words do not match what is written in the newspapers that i read . scrivono
we should reject the text that emerged from the conciliation committee and commissioner bolkestein can present a workable new draft before long , one which matches not only his ideas but also the ideas of the elected representatives of 370 million europeans . risponda
particularly welcome are the efforts to match regulatory capital more closely with risk profile . adeguare
moreover , the rhetoric is matched with hard support . accompagnata
i think i know the reason why - because he is knackered or should i say ' physically exhausted ' following a football match this afternoon between british labour members and british conservative members which the labour members won by 7 goals to 1 . partita
i hope that the resources used to make the g8 possible will be matched by the capacity to find suitable solutions to current tragedies . proporzionato
of course , taking on the responsibilities of the union in the field that we are concerned with here must be matched by a consistent financial effort , which should already be reflected in the budgets for 2002 . accompagnarsi
specific annual priorities should be established , matched with measures for implementation . corredandole
if beijing is selected to host the games , it will require certainly both welcome and necessary steps on the part of the chinese authorities if they are to have any chance at all of matching the outstanding performance as host , of sydney last year . eguagliare
the main reason why it is not being implemented is because member states and national governments are not prepared on many occasions to find the matching funding required to bring about what is necessary to restructure an industry which we all know and agree must be restructured . ammodernata
mr president , it is essential that fishing effort - and i mean effort as opposed to capacity - is matched to fishery resources . commisurato
i have had enough of words which are not matched by action and i am starting to doubt the power and effectiveness of parliament and our institutions .  
however , this great vision and long-term perspective is not being matched by an adequate financial and budgetary initiative . seguita
i ardently hope , mr president , that the commission will match its efforts to the aims and give the resolution the attention it deserves , placing the problem of culture and cultural cooperation at the centre of the great european project . adeguando
with regard to the agenda , it has to be said that , as an informal event , the g8 summit is in danger of raising expectations which are hardly ever matched by practical undertakings . risolvono
never more so than at genoa has it been clear that similar displays of muscle and power on the part of the world ' s greatest nations are just cinema which certainly does nothing to alleviate hunger in the world or to enhance equality between peoples if it is not matched by practical action to cancel the debt , redistribute wealth , safeguard material rights and eliminate all exploitation of developing countries . accompagnati
only through resources which match the challenge we have to face will it be possible to win the battle against illiteracy in the world . corrispondenti
as for providing ' appropriate aid ... to the populations affected ' , even after the accident , that assistance did not match the scale of the damage . fornita
we need to ensure , as the rapporteur stated , that rhetoric is matched by action , that the eu citizen is not left to ponder . seguano
clearly , the commission has to look after the eu ' s interests , but the issue is whether , in the era of globalisation , we might not have passed the point at which trade policy could be judged as if it were a football match , in which winning is everything and there is complete indifference to how things are for the other side . partita
local and regional governments and administrations believe that the commission ' s proposed programme of assistance to border regions fails to match the scale of the challenge . debitamente
one reason why these targets are not met is that some member state governments have not been prepared to match funding for restructuring . usare
we must not forget that the fleet carries with it all the control regulations of community policy , which is a very important element in terms of ascertaining the details of catches and the state of the resource in the region , to a degree which cannot be matched by all the other diverse foreign fleets that fish in those same malagasy waters . eguagliare
our commitment and courage must match the commitment and courage which the candidate countries are showing as they prepare to join the union . pari
the rules of the world anti-doping agency do not currently match the very strict rules that apply in the european union . corrispondono
thirdly , this 47.5 % funding must also be matched by appropriate representation on the wada ' s board of management . corrispondere
this spanish scheme is set to become a test case of whether the commission 's commitments toward environmental sustainability are matched by a determination to stand up to pressure from vested interests and the governments of member states . corredati
not only does it not match the original version , but it is also almost incomprehensible . inintelligibile
the wording of the doha declaration is in accordance with this objective and it also matches the council mandate of 1999 . corrisponde
my last point is that you appealed to us most sympathetically regarding the world cup match . coppa
however , in order to achieve a good understanding of the causes of migration and asylum applications , we must match our development policy to the actual socio-economic and political context in the countries concerned . armonizziamo
the council of justice and home affairs ministers held last week produced encouraging results in terms of the member states ' resolve to match the commitments they made with their actions . corrispondere
however , this acceleration in political integration is not being matched by similar acceleration in economic integration , that is , in the creation of the markets on which political integration is based . corrisponde
prime minister , your government has also devised a broad but balanced and ambitious programme , and i am very pleased to see that the priorities it sets out match the priorities that the commission has set itself for 2002 . evidenziate
i am absolutely convinced that the storey which this presidency has to add to this community building will be a match for the ambitious priorities they have presented to us this morning . altezza
his words on television to the effect that he wanted to be consistent in fighting terrorism , must , though , be matched by actions . seguite
the spanish presidency ' s commitment to returning to the initial lisbon philosophy and to confirming the three sacrosanct principles of liberalisation , deregulation and neo-liberal globalisation was matched by the commission ' s marked reluctance to pursue the proposals made last year , despite their commendable nature , and by the explicit decision to make the environmental pillar a sort of almost covert addendum to the barcelona agenda . corrisposto
it will be tragic if the european council cannot also match europe 's urgent needs and their own rhetoric at lisbon and bring this area of legislation to completion and soon . concretizzando
if europe is to match the united states economically , we need to create a single capital market ; otherwise borrowing will also be more expensive here , which in turn inevitably favours the united states . competere
the maximum funding allocation for 2003 has been set by the financial plan at eur 102 billion , precisely one third of which is laid down as being for structural assistance and for the principal support instruments that are at our disposal for the purpose of achieving the important objective of matching living conditions across regions , improving the employment situation , improved protection for the environment and the promotion of gender equality . allineamento
the commission has brought forward a development policy statement and it is time , through the budget , that it matched its words with deeds . corrispondere
none of the member states comes near matching us on budgetary discipline of that sort . imitare
it is a crucial test for barcelona and the european parliament has been a match for the circumstances . altezza
large-scale agriculture and the conservation of biodiversity are a difficult match . conciliabile
our resolve and courage at these enlargement negotiations must match those which the candidate countries themselves are showing in enacting wide-ranging new laws as they prepare to join the european union as full members . animeranno
my first point is that we are looking at a significant change in the process of doing things where , firstly , we have a definition of commission policy priorities , secondly we are trying to ensure the right match between tasks and measures for 2003 and , thirdly , that we welcome this idea of having a strengthened institutional dialogue so that we can ensure that the budget is actually collectively decided . equilibrio
hopefully we will be able to end the year with the better matching of budget and legislative procedures which we have been asking for . equilibrio
the next item is the debate on the report ( ? 5-0047 / 2002 ) by mr deprez , on behalf of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , on the draft council decision concerning security in connection with football matches with an international dimension [ 12175 / 1 / 2001 - c5-0067 / 2002 - 2001 / 0824 ( cns ) ] . partite
the crowds which regularly travel to big matches , and big international matches , in particular - as well as the number of television viewers - is quite simply staggering . NULL
too often , unfortunately , the big matches - and especially the big international matches - are also the stage on which unacceptable aggression , rioting and violence are acted out with scant regard for sporting principles or the respect due to persons and property . NULL
furthermore , no member state totally escapes the risk of disturbances , even if some international matches are more sensitive than others and the supporters of some clubs or national teams are seemingly easier to control than others . partite
the second observation is , in order to prevent disturbances and to maintain law and order in connection with football matches is to have , first and foremost , it is essential to have an organised and efficient system for exchanging information regarding the risks that some matches present - and more specifically , certain types of supporters who travel to matches - and therefore , secondly , to improve coordination between the organisations responsible for security . partite
in this respect , we must recognise that the current system of cooperation between police forces , based on non-binding agreements and ad hoc contacts fostered at each match , has demonstrated its weakness if not its inefficiency . partita
therefore , ladies and gentlemen , the draft decision proposes that each member state formally establishes or designates a police-run national football information centre to act as a single , central and direct point of contact between the authorities and the police force of the member states responsible for ensuring security at international football matches or competition with an international dimension . partita
i wholeheartedly endorse his proposal as long as it deals with the proper exchange of information and better coordination with the bodies that are responsible for security at football matches . partite
acting against actual football violence should fall within the remit of the judiciary and not of sports bodies that organise football matches . partite
this organisation knows - as no other - the problems which can occur , through its close contacts with the national football bodies and extensive experience in organising football matches . partite
i should also like to urge the national information points to closely involve sports clubs , supporters ' associations and the uefa in its activities , so that these can be implemented as well and effectively as possible so as to enhance security at football matches with an international dimension . partite
the proposal to set up a european network of permanent , national football information points , in other words , to enhance cooperation between the member states where the enforcement of law and order in international football matches is concerned , is a belgian initiative which is based on the experience gathered at euro 2000 , the european national teams championship , which , as you know , was organised jointly by belgium and the netherlands in june 2000 . incontri
mr president , the council 's initiative and mr deprez ' report plug a huge gap in legislation to prevent and suppress hooliganism and violence at football matches , which have taken on explosive dimensions over recent years as a result of the member states ' failure to apply efficient measures . stadi
without doubt , the commercialisation of football and the profit motive are the prime cause of violent episodes at football matches . stadi
in short , it has been suggested that violence at football matches sells , it brings in a profit . stadi
violence at football matches is organised and orchestrated nowadays , frequently using sport as a front for common crime , such as selling drugs and laundering dirty money , according to an investigation carried out in britain . pilotato
this being the case , we cannot create a european area of freedom , security and justice unless we first create a network of information points and reinforce police and judicial cooperation between the 15 member states in order to suppress violence at football matches . stadi
and secondly , that our group also wants to seriously address the problems surrounding these matches . partite
report ( a5-0047 / 2002 ) by mr deprez , on behalf of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , on the d raft council decision concerning security in connection with football matches with an international dimension [ 12175 / 1 / 2001 - c5-0067 / 2002 - 2001 / 0824 ( cns ) ] partite
security in connection with football matches with an international dimension : my support for this report is so great - and how could it be otherwise - that , to promote it , i am organising a football match between unmarried members of the european parliament and married members ; the referee will , of course , be mr gérard deprez . partite
moreover , in the interests of male-female equality , i am also going to organise a football match between female married and single members of the european parliament . partita
i tabled this because mark forrester , my constituent , was convicted in belgium after the euro 2000 match , even though the british intelligence service offered video evidence to the belgian authorities showing him walking away from the problems and the violence . partita
the deprez report is supposedly intended to deal with the problem of violence at international football matches . incontri
this attempt to deal with the problem by using the police to suppress violence at football matches is merely an excuse for trampling the personal and democratic rights and freedoms of the citizens of the ? u underfoot . stadi
this does not pose a threat to individual privacy , but it does represent a boost to enhanced security at football matches . partite
the problem with this picture is quite simply that it does not match the reality of the patent world . diverge
i think china is on the right path because , for better or for worse , it is one of the lucky countries , a lucky nation with a long history of culture and civilisation and the heritage to match . volente
and the size of the challenge is matched by our responsibility at european and national level to achieve these targets and reform our pension systems . conseguimento
the intention was to match this information with descriptions provided under article 99 of the schengen agreement , but with a different aim : that is to say , to actually prevent these people participating in certain events , instead of implementing specific or one-off surveillance operations , as has been the case recently . NULL
for your information , the council would like to point out that there is a draft council decision concerning security at international football matches . partite
unless this happens , this or any other system seeking to match the size of the fleet to existing resources will be condemned to failure . adeguare
it is simply not acceptable that , at public expense , the police in my country patrol and oversee every football match , from which the professional clubs do not earn such a bad living , while the member states do not wish to make their contribution to the cost of increased security measures at airports , which are in the interests of everyone and not only of the airports . partita
our citizens are very concerned and our policies and funding should match their concerns . corrispondere
the efforts to find the best , most productive labour processes must be matched by endeavours to improve the quality of jobs . unito
this means that the stability pact should not be so rigid that it cannot be adapted to match new situations . adattare
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i shall try to make use of these few minutes of ' time out ' in this very late debate , which , incidentally , coincide , as i said to mr mendez de vigo , with the last two minutes of time out in the famous football match that he mentioned . partita
at the start of this century , the world leaders are given another chance , but johannesburg can only succeed if specific implementing programmes are drafted with concrete pledges to match . usciranno
nevertheless , further devastating attacks - in kaluchak and in srinagar - border skirmishes and the re-emergence of the dialectic of confrontation , with the recent missile tests by pakistan that matched those by india in january , have brought both armies to the brink of war . aggiungersi
i regret to say that our great economic influence fails still today to be matched by equally effective political action on the world stage . palcoscenico
i am not therefore going to get involved in that slanging match about who is performing well and who is performing badly . schermaglie
hopefully these agreements will soon be matched by marked decreases in harm to pedestrians . seguiti
however , in the shadow of this event , thousands of children use their valuable time every day making the balls used in football matches . partite
mr president , many football fans in europe are following the matches in south korea very closely . partite
as the matches are finishing on 30 june and people are returning , the commission should , as a matter of urgency , put forward a suitable administrative and legislative process containing the strictest possible standards to be applied to inspections at borders , similar to those that are being applied in other third countries , to ensure that foot and mouth disease is not reintroduced into the european union . NULL
can the commission explain whether existing tonnage to match the capacity of this newly-introduced vessel is being taken out or has been decommissioned , and has the european commission discontinued its legal proceedings against the irish government on the grounds that the introduction of this much fishing capacity was in violation of the common fisheries policy ? fuori
we also applaud your aim to match further progress on energy liberalisation with common ground rules on energy taxation , and you can count on our support to broker the necessary deals on the many financial services measures needed by the end of this year if we are to complete the financial services action plan on time by 2004 . unire
we are , however , cooperating financially with the fao on specific projects and programmes and will continue to do so , whenever we can see competence , added value and professional excellence that match the priorities and objectives of the community 's development policy . soddisfino
we are drawing up strategies centrally which must be implemented locally if we are to be able to match labour market policy with the requirements we see before us on the labour market . coincidere
apart from commercial reasons , however - which the european commission wishes to bandy around in order to justify its refusal to re-establish specific aid for oilseed crops - there is no reason not to support other crops with a protein content higher even than that of oilseed crops , such as dry fodder , in the case of which production quotas cannot match demand . soddisfare
mr staes also made the point that those member states that have a federal structure really need to look at their systems of rapid alert to ensure that they match what we have at community level . adeguarli
the commission considers that , at the current juncture , this is the formula that best matches needs and which is most likely to achieve positive results . varie
i have been given a clear understanding that the global health fund 's transitional working group meeting in brussels agreed usd 100 million for a board seat , that the global fund secretariat has already budgeted for a usd 120 million european community contribution for next year , and that approved projects will be cut if we fail to match that figure . raggiungeremo
given that we originally chose a common agricultural policy , do you not think that it is the union 's responsibility to pay at least as much attention to this sector as the united states , by allocating the corresponding financial means , rather than aiming to match world prices ? albori
next , as many speakers have mentioned , there is a need to coordinate the broad economic policies with regard to employment strategy , to ensure that the two match . garantirne
nevertheless , such changes are not matched by the level of women 's participation in the decision-making processes and many inequalities still persist . riscontro
the special arrangements defined in the sixth directive are finding it increasingly difficult to match the current needs of this sector . fatica
we simply do not have any political system at the international level that is a match for the development that is now occurring , where so many problems of different types require common rules . altezza
if economic measures are not matched by political , diplomatic action , the european union will not succeed in freeing the two peoples from the tyranny of hatred . diplomatico
but this will only happen when the marketing of sulphur-free fuels is matched by a sufficient number of vehicles technologically adapted to use this fuel .  
a static interpretation of the stability and growth pact is beginning to look unsustainable , because it does not respond to the current economic situation and even less matches the aims that the european union set for itself in lisbon of becoming , in the short term , the most powerful economy in the world . corrisponderebbe
the commission and the european union could play a significant part in ensuring that the rise of this disease is matched only by the information about how to treat it and how to avoid it in the first place ? accompagni
mr president , we have already had the opportunity to hear many of our fellow members emphasise the importance of the discharge device in the context of the budgetary procedure and the powers of this parliament , and so i shall refrain from repeating these words , but i should also like to say that great power must be matched by serious consideration and great moderation in its use . corrispondere
with accountability hopefully becoming clearer , we can also increase efficiency , as at present , for example , delays in making payments in the commission are too long and do not in any way match the sort of efficiency we see in the world of business . corrispondono
the resulting adjustments to match the front loading in 2002 need to be made . correggere
it is the only way to make our common agricultural policy match our ambitions in the area of development aid . coerente
the only difference , and this was already clear to us back then , is that the 100 % compensation payments for all eu member states in 2013 will no longer be matched by 100 % financing capacity as in 2006 .  
mr president , i would like to express my support for commissioner bolkestein 's analysis , ten years after the creation of the european internal market , which originated in the single european act , which first amended the treaties , in the belief that we needed to create an economic area that matched our economic capacity and european companies ' development possibilities . altezza
the third principle proposes to retain flexible , reversible management instruments such as tacs and quotas , so that the fishing effort can be adjusted to match the state of resources , in preference to rigid instruments that have an irreversible and socially dramatic impact such as the scrapping of vessels . adeguare
i believe that the political goal we have achieved must be matched by progress in upholding human rights , the achievement of economic and social standards and the combating of corruption and crimes whose levels are still very high . parallelo
i think that this should be our ambition , or we will fail and will condemn our people to the sad spectacle of a ping-pong match between the commission and the european union , on the one hand , and the member states , on the other hand , each of them trying to beat the other in dramatic circumstances that the people do not understand . partita
in point 3 , the italian version does not match the other versions ; it is the only one in which , in line 7 , seven words have been included which must be removed since they do not appear in any of the other versions . corrisponde
mr president , on the second varela report on the scrapping of fishing vessels , we rejected the report because the number of boats in europe should match the number of fish available and currently the european fleet is greatly over capacity . proporzionale
they will without doubt realise at that point that the sole aim of the matter involving turkey is to ensure that the european union 's perimeter matches that of nato , which is what the us is clamouring for . perimetro
nevertheless , the appropriations that have been earmarked are limited and do not match the concerns that have been expressed - this is something we regret . corrispondano
the amount pledged to assist in debt relief matched expectations ( about $ 4.3 billion were pledged in all ) . altezza
as the trade system operates at present , with a number of countries entirely dependent upon raw materials which , moreover , have fallen in price , the situation is coming to resemble a boxing match between a heavyweight and a lightweight boxer . pugilato
in fact , with regard to the definition of the term ' family ' , most of the solutions were adopted in a sense that does not match the values that i hold dear , especially amendment no 53 : the ' spouse ' , regardless of their sex , the ' unmarried partner ' and / or ' person with whom they live ' , regardless of their sex , ' in a de facto union ' , ' with whom the applicant has a durable relationship ' and ' registered ' under the terms of the relevant national coniugato
when i sought to exert my right as a parliamentarian to enter the building , i was physically prevented from doing so and a rather unedifying shoving and shouting match took place . spintoni
a 50 % reduction in tax to match conventional fuel prices will mean subtracting a hefty chunk from member state exchequers . sottrarrebbe
i call on the commission and the united kingdom government - because in the past they have not shown themselves to be prepared to put up the matching funding - this time to put their money where their mouth is and make sure they give support to these communities . richiesti
first of all , with regard to the form : the very first paragraph states , and i quote : ' the annual policy strategy adopted by the commission [ ? ] seeks to define the commission 's policy priorities and ensure that there is the right match between policy initiatives and the corresponding resources ' . corrispondano
in this case-law the court also held that nationality clauses could only be justified in relation to specific official matches between teams representing countries - such as the olympic games - or certain world or european championships . partite
moreover , article 25 ( 6 ) decisions always contain safeguard clauses which can be triggered if protection does not in practice match up to the standards expected . soddisfa
much depends on their commitment , hard work and vigilance , which the member states would do well to try to match . agevolare
their actions in fact match the consensual way in which the portuguese members in this house have behaved , and this explains to a large extent the direction this debate has taken and much of the success achieved in terms of the compromise resolution , on which we will shortly be voting . NULL
let us be clear that we are not matching our words with deeds . traducono
this trust must therefore be matched both by the provision for and listing of these products or substances - a measure proposed by the commission , which i welcome - bearing in mind that the new eu strategy on chemical products will involve the registration of around 30 000 substances - and by a preliminary evaluation of the risks inherent in each substance . NULL
why did they not do more to make the eu 's rapid reaction force operational , making it what it was planned to be by 2003 - combat-effective , equipped with state-of-the-art technology and with command structures and logistical capacities to match ? adeguate
please reply , mr barón crespo , and then we will move from this spanish tennis match back to our european agenda . pong
clearly , in order to achieve these goals , it is necessary to match bargaining at national level with bargaining at company level . affiancare
the subject of violence at football grounds is addressed in the council decision of 25 april 2002 concerning security in connection with football matches with an international dimension ( 2002 / 348 / jha partite
as mr vallvé mentioned in his question , the european union 's official position on security at football matches has an international dimension and is set out in the council decision of 25 april 2002 . partite
while i do not have a photographer present like mr vallvé , i have a serious point to make about violence at football matches . partite
could the commissioner tell me the latest position on the question of organised racist violence at football matches ? stadi
my own country , england , will shortly be playing a football match against a candidate country and risks being thrown out of the competition in question as a result of racism from its fans . partita
while i know that this is the preserve of uefa and not a matter directly for the commission , i want to ask about the increase in racist violence at national and regional football matches , the fact that it is organised - often from the far right but not exclusively so - and whether the commission would at least make a statement about this increase because , as the previous speaker said , sport is an expression of the culture and way of life of countries within the european union . partite
i am particularly worried about that expression from candidate countries where racism in football matches will be on the rise . partite
i therefore consider it unacceptable that the efforts made on land to reduce sulphur dioxide emissions have not been matched at sea and i consequently welcome the commission 's excellent initiative , although i feel it should be more ambitious . seguito
the council clearly stated to iran that it expected that deepening of economic and commercial relations between the union and iran should be matched by similar progress in all other aspects of the eu 's relations with iran . corrispondano
the council has also made it clear to iran that it expected that deepening of economic and commercial relations between the eu and iran should be matched by similar progress in all other aspects of the eu 's relations with iran . corrispondere
the council has repeatedly made it clear that deepening of commercial relations between the eu and iran - which are also the aim of the negotiations being held on a trade and cooperation agreement - should be matched by similar progress in all other aspects of the eu 's relations with iran . corrispondere
in our view , the reports represent an out-of-date agricultural policy which does not match the conditions and needs of modern global society . corrisponde
that is what they did in afghanistan and in iraq , putting their trust in their military strength , which nothing in the european union can match . eguagliare
we now have a good springboard for entering the wto negotiations , and i expect our international partners - who are always lecturing us - to match our commitment and do their part too , for they too must do their part . prediche
matching this with the broader work of increasing respect for the basic principles that the ilo stands for will , i hope , make a difference . NULL
as a british liberal , i am delighted by the fidelity of your programme to john maynard keynes , and my delight is matched only by my surprise . eguagliato
the agreements that the united states are trying to make do not match our conditions and are clearly aiming to undermine the rome statute insofar as they do not have any clear provisions to prevent impunity and they understand impunity as applying to those other than american nationals in a country for certain military or strictly administrative reasons . conformi
in-house matching is a fully-fledged alternative to the monopoly of stock exchanges , something which causes me increasing anxiety , certainly if it transcends national borders and stands in the way of national supervision . NULL
our democracies are being vigorously pruned back , and the national parliaments are surrendering power to a degree not matched by the additional influence acquired by the european parliament . sfrondate
certainly , this exclusion gratifies the spanish nationalism of mr gil-robles , but does not match in any way with what mr tsatsos wrote after the treaty of nice : ' the eu must steer a cause between the opposite poles of effectiveness and legitimacy , a balance which takes account of its raison d 'être as union of peoples and states ' . corrisponde
however , nobody can deny that the real test would be to match our rhetoric with concrete acts to deal with the endless stream of torture in one of the member states - the kingdom of spain . accompagnare
my understanding is that the ford genk plant will remain open : this is a question of adjusting production by taking off a shift because ford wants to match production to demand . genk
the time will come when it will be necessary to make available means that match our stated ambitions . altezza
furthermore , in order to match the needs of the iraqi people , the european union ’ s contribution must be set against the background of a specific political agreement on the conditions for its implementation , with a key role being given to the united nations . corrispondere
we must abandon parochial concerns and move away from the idea of getting a fair return , whereby every single concession must be matched by a gain of equal import . distaccarsi
in that way , the european union does not lose its industry and can match it with a very strong and better manned service industry . coniugarla
it has come at exactly the right time , just before the european elections , and it has been mentioned here by several speakers already : we will have to do our utmost to match this turnout percentage of 30-31 % that was achieved for the european parliament elections . uguagliare
this approach does not match the vision and the concerns of most european women who , on a daily basis , prove their worth without any complexes about their standing and without giving in to or wanting to impose a sexist approach . NULL
although the financial assistance that is proposed for education and training bodies proves that there is a desire to contribute to developing our education systems , it has an elitist vision , which is far removed from the problems facing young people today and does not match the needs of each member state ’ s educational systems . incontro
the commission proposal is ambiguous and inappropriate since scientists do not promise any results for 10 to 15 years and this research does not match the urgency of the needs of patients who are suffering while they wait for a treatment to be found . affronta
we want a radical reform of the relations between the directorates-general and the commissioners , and we will scrutinise your proposals to see whether they match these requirements . corrispondono
if this were not so , the european parliament would be free to vote for expenditure matching its inflated perception of its own powers . commisurate
all the same , the result matches the proposals contained in the laeken declaration , maybe even exceeding expectations . corrisponde
my surprise at hearing the leader of the socialist group in this house agree with us is matched only by my delight at his conversion . pari
madam president , i rise to ask you if you will join with me in expressing your concern to the turkish judicial authorities about the delays in bringing to trial those persons involved in the affray that took place in galatasaray , turkey on the occasion of a football match with leeds united in april 2000 . disputata
although the interests of neoliberal capitalism unite the right and social democrats in europe , the interests of individual nations , international alliances and of various economic groups do not match franco-german interests . combaciano
it is essential to take the external costs of traffic into account so that with any road toll imposed the marginal cost matches the ceiling amount charged . commisurato
finally , it is right to include in our resolution a message to the iranians that our international solidarity must be matched by their commitment to international human rights and standards of democracy . ricambiata
we are pursuing several priorities in this context , which also match the priorities set by this parliament . corrispondono
secondly , we must adapt the fleet capacity to match the fishing that is available . adeguare
nevertheless , the political message sent out by the european parliament was clear : the iranian authorities will , in future , have to match this goodwill gesture , which had no conditions attached , by re-establishing minimum conditions for the democratic functioning of the state , and by allowing the necessary international inspections of its nuclear programme to take place . allinearsi
i recognise before the house that in some cases the degree of the commission 's ambition has not been matched by the council . eguagliato
if we wish to build what can honestly be described as a strategic partnership , eu messages must be balanced and coherent , and our ambitious political declarations must be matched by progress on substance . accompagnate
indeed , the energy and timing with which these institutions have proposed and adopted measures aimed at strengthening the instruments for repressive measures in the areas of combating terrorism , cooperating in criminal matters , harmonising sanctions and combating illegal immigration , has not been matched by a strengthening of the rights of citizens , of the eu or otherwise . corrisposto
we have much to talk about with officials in washington if they are prepared to match this commitment with appropriate levels of resources . affiancare
in short , by matching words with action in the interests of respect for international law . seguire
i would like expressly to address president cox , because his institutional declaration on behalf of parliament had an enormous impact in madrid and in spain and was a match for the dramatic circumstances we are living through . altezza
we must therefore design an appropriate supervisory framework matching all types of payment service providers . vigilanza
mr president , from 2000 to 2006 , my member state , the uk , will have received over eur 9 billion in direct eu structural fund support , topped up with match funding and private sector support . aggiungeranno
without impairing other programmes , we must nevertheless allocate ourselves the resources to match our ambition to ‘ make europe ’ s education and training systems a world quality reference by 2010 ’ . corrispondenti
the success of these guidelines hinges upon the european budget , which must match the ambitions we have set ourselves . corrispondere
we have not always been successful , and the council has not always matched our pace , but the commission has never deviated from its own path for a second . deflettuto
ladies and gentlemen , honourable members of the european parliament , it only remains for me to assure you that i will apply all my will and all my abilities , all my reason and all my passion , that i may be a match for the high institutional and strategic position you have entrusted to me . altezza
as a greek mep , i should like to thank you for hosting the recent football championship in portugal , congratulate you on the dignity with which you accepted the outcome of the final match between greece and portugal and wish you the same dignity in coping with the european parliament 's votes against action by the european commission . responso
that is also why we need resources in the new financial perspectives to match our ambitions , and we must also endeavour to meet our commitments in relation to the united nations millennium declaration , together with our monterrey commitments on development aid . altezza
we also have to look carefully at whether our approach matches those of our partner countries in order to create sufficient possibilities for close cooperation . corrisponde
when your friend 's house is burning down , you do not stop to argue over who dropped the match . fiammifero
lithuania 's experience of reforms shows that if a favourable environment is not created for the transfer of capital and labour from less efficient to more productive activities , i.e. a liberal window of new opportunities is not opened for the population or business , social expenditure on structural reforms is very great and the results , due to great opposition , do not match expectations . corrispondono
so , in order to combat both , we must create this area of freedom , security and justice with a shared objective : to defeat them , arresting and bringing to justice the instigators and authors of these crimes and by matching our tactics , and also our strategy , to the size , the context and the structure of each terrorist organisation . adeguando
some players have weaknesses , but all of them have enough experience on the field , have promised fair play and have accepted the authority of the coach and all of them realise that it will be an important match . partita
that is what the supporters want too ; above all , they also want the match to begin at last . partita
what counts is what is on the scoreboard and the points that are awarded during the match . partita
there are areas where the commission is still failing to match policy priorities with an adequate level of resources . coincidere
it is not a football match . partita
i am sure we shall in due course see an improvement as the political situation in china matches the economic one . pari
that is , however , the most normal thing in the world in a team sport such as this ; now the match is over , what matters now is the acquisition of capacity to act . partita
i have this morning written to president borrell , drawing his attention to the disgraceful incidents that took place last night and on tuesday night in football matches between england and spain , where there was racist abuse of black english players . partite
i am sure that the close attention and hope with which the belarus nation is observing the development of events in ukraine is matched by attention and fear in the gaze of mr lukashenko . pari
hopefully we will not work as two separate organisations and there will be some work in tandem , so that we can share our ideas and make sure that the building-block approach of the council matches our own approach as set out in mr böge ’ s working documents . sintonia
mr president , on 17 november many members of this house will have seen the appalling abuse of international football players at an international match between spain and england , held in spain . partita
that appalling abuse was not just an isolated incident ; we have seen it at international football matches and in football matches across the european union . partite
the free movement of people is nothing more than an empty phrase if it is not accompanied by matching health cover provision . corrispondenti
we see the new neighbourhood policy , in its current set-up , is an inadequate match for what is developing over there . verificatisi
the resources must match the ambition . altezza
a great many legislative changes have occurred in turkey , but it has to be realised that these are not matched by the reality on the ground and by changes in practice . corrispondenza
good intentions are not enough : these must be matched by progress on the ground , in particular in the implementation of commitments . tradursi
then there is the selection of regions and countries and matching them with each of the four campaigns . abbinati
it will have to provide the financial means necessary to match its political choices . seguito
the fact is that the european union could add between two and six per cent to its productivity if its regulatory framework was matched by the best in the world . corrispondesse
people across the world opened their hearts and opened their purses , shaming governments into matching the monies their peoples had given . costringendoli
the european union , mr president , must be a match for this disaster and for the mobilisation demonstrated by our societies . altezza
mr president , i believe that the first thing we have to do – as i said in the joint meeting of the committees on foreign affairs , development and budgets – is to express our recognition of the reaction of the european institutions , and in particular the commission , which we so often criticise and which on this occasion i believe has been a match for the serious circumstances and the example offered by civil society . altezza
moreover , in terms of combating terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction , the european union is really no match for the united states . competere
all future trade , however , must be closely matched by careful monitoring of the true social situation in the country and must be made conditional upon the establishment of the required reforms and their effective and unequivocal application . correlati
in that context i want to say that we agree that the world economic forum was a tremendous success , as global representatives from governments , businesses and civil society managed to agree on a coherent set of principles for action : matching global trade with sustainable development . associare
the draft decision excludes small public services from the notification burden , thereby matching the thresholds set for small- and medium-sized enterprises . conforma
as mr javier solana stressed in june 2004 , this partnership is strategic for europe , always assuming that europe gives itself the resources to match its ambitions . soddisfare
but it is also the case , unfortunately , that the reality in many fields is still a long way from matching what is laid down in our laws and what we have stated in our declarations . corrispondere
at the same time , we are pursuing our discussions with parliament and the council on the european neighbourhood and partnership instrument , which , with effect from 2007 , will enable us to match our political ambitions with the necessary financial resources . bilanciare
if it wants to succeed , it will also have to mobilise resources to match its ambitions . altezza
now , however , the substance of its policies does not match up to its citizens ’ expectations . altezza
we know that in terms of conventional competitiveness our companies are no longer a match for countries like china or india . competere
however , we also have what is sometimes the cause of all the european union ’ s failings : great ambitions but not the resources to match the targets we set ourselves . conseguire
i think that the action we have in part taken against hooligans must also be extended to all expressions of racism , which are now tending to become more frequent on the margins of sporting events , particularly of football matches . calcio
the positive economic development is in no way matched by correspondingly positive democratic development . uguagliato
one final point to bear in mind is that even the most reformist of the saudis are asking us in the west not to impose our model of society and democracy and to give them the necessary time to take action , even if this does not always match our expectations . corrispondono
this is truly worthy of condemnation since the rest conditions often far from match those we might consider necessary for maintaining a reasonable quality of life : remaining confined and isolated in the rest area of a motorway , without accommodation or appropriate sanitary conditions , in a faraway country and , furthermore , with no possibility of leaving the vehicle out of fear of robbery . combaciano
it is regrettable , though , that western europe is devoting so little attention to the historical fact that 60 years ago , the official go-ahead was given for handing over the eastern european peoples to soviet occupation , to dictatorial communist regimes that were certainly a match for the nazis in terms of horror and crime . nazisti
that involves adapting messages and matching national and local concerns – instead of taking a ‘ one-size-fits-all ’ approach – and conveying them as close to the citizen as possible . farli
the eu is also setting an example for other countries in the world to follow and match . facciano
in this way countries with predominantly hilly landscapes cannot match the yield per hectare of those that have much more favourable conditions for farming . collinosi
mr president , i fear that this very important debate on the financial perspective will breed frustration , because the council is proposing something of a shoestring budget which does not match europe ’ s ambitions . altezza
on the subject of the cohesion policy , it would appear to make perfect sense to discuss an aspect that , being fresh in our minds , should help to formulate a cohesion policy that matches our new reality . corrisponda
between now and the meeting of the european council , there will be a series of staging posts which , we hope , will lead us to a council position to match that of parliament and then to the adoption of the interinstitutional agreement . confrontare
yet if we do , however , want this second solution to prevail , as i do , we have to be able to innovate and change , and denounce the fact that we are paying for the hold-ups of recent years : we are paying for the hold-ups of nice and of lisbon , and the lack of resources to match our ambitions . adeguate
in the face of an ageing european population , matched by a continuously low birth rate and a forecasted decline in the active population of around 20 million between 2005 and 2030 , the rapporteur , as a right-wing member but also as the leader of an ‘ anti-racist ’ organisation , plans to introduce additional immigration , which will penalise our economy and weaken our national cohesion . riscontro
we have seen once again that the european leaders have not been a match for the circumstances : they have been unable to go beyond their exercise in national accounting , and at a crucial moment of crisis , they have been unable to show any positive sign of a forward-looking political vision . altezza
our brave words about achieving the goals of the lisbon strategy , about facing up to the challenges of globalisation , about increased competitiveness and economic reform are never matched by brave deeds . corrisposte
the goals and priorities he has outlined for the uk presidency over the next six months closely match those of the european commission and he can count on our support and advice in working towards them . a
we want his rhetoric of recent days to be matched by real leadership and real action . corrispondenza
indeed , i just read a report in newspaper this morning that sets out details of the first round of imports of 4x4 vehicles from china , at a price that i cannot see any current suppliers ever being able to match in the eu . 4x4
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the europe that we are building is first and foremost an area of solidarity ; and that solidarity must be translated into action , even if the strict letter of the law does not quite match up to the hard reality that we are enduring . adatti
the commission 's monitoring and information centre provides a real-time service matching resources with requirements . idonee
a comprehensive database of visa applications with biometrics matched to each applicant will mean that genuine travellers are able to prove their identity easily and travel more freely . corrispondenti
freedom from fear must be matched by the freedom to eat and to work . pari
i hope that the debate that is about to get underway will match the quality of their contributions and the efforts that all of them put in . altezza
i wholly agree with others , that we shall have a discreet budget line for the baltic sea strategy to match and balance the very successful work that we do through the euromed policy , which – obviously – historically predates the work in the baltic . controbilanciare
the international basel ii proposals , which this directive implements , are designed to achieve a better match between capital and risk than the simple 8 % capital asset ratio of basel i. however , no amount of bank capital , short of 100 % of risk assets , can safeguard against failure . combinazione
people are reproducing wines left , right and centre throughout the world , quoting denominations on the labels that allude to the vine and the region in which the wines were produced – champagne , bordeaux , porto , etc . – and they are trying to make consumers believe that , in the bottle they are buying , they have a wine whose origin and quality matches what the labelling would suggest . corrispondono
instead , we need to match china 's exports to europe with our own to china . cina
sponsoring undertakings have realised the need to achieve improved cost control and more stable earnings in order to match their pension promises . promotrici
the compromise on registration , signed by the socialist group , by our group and by the liberals , demonstrates that the european parliament can be a match for the circumstances and take responsible decisions with regard to our citizens and our industry . altezza
we have to find ways to implement and enforce the directive which match the needs of all labour markets . risponda
in light of the issues raised by the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , there is a danger that this may become one of those cases in which vehement remarks are not matched by practical policy , especially – and very significantly – at diplomatic level . accompagna
all of these proposals must be matched by european determination to modernise , to become more competitive and to invest in technological development , which is an important lever in economic development . NULL
the time has come for others to match the effort we have made . compiano
after all , that country has made a tremendous offer : it has put the offer on the table ; it has said it is prepared to make big cuts in agricultural subsidies ; it has said it is prepared to make major tariff reductions on agricultural goods and it has challenged the european union to match the offer . eguagliare
recently , italian television played some of its matches in black and white rather than in colour to make the point to italian society and to all of european society that we must not tolerate racism in football . partite
in consequence , hundreds of exceptionally qualified young protestant applicants have been refused admission to the police , not on merit , but because there is not a matching quantity of applicants from the catholic community . arruolamento
i urge the presidency , with its special responsibility , and the member states to show the courage and determination to reach a deal which matches our ambitions . altezza
matching transfers of 4 % of gni was a legitimate expectation based on political promise . corrispondenti
that is just not the case , the reality on the ground often does not match the aims of the legislative framework , and further urgent action is very necessary to ensure that all our citizens have access to travel . corrisponde
however , given the number of things you have mentioned and registered , which we will carry on in our discussion tomorrow morning , if i can match a part of the same rate of progress i will not be doing badly .  
i am pleased to see that the priorities of the austrian presidency in the area of freedom , justice and security match those of the commission . corrispondano
in the implementation of the lisbon strategy now is the last chance to match the intensity of day-to-day activities with the deadlines for its completion . coniugare
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as somebody brilliantly put it , for fifty years the european project has been a football match played behind closed doors . partita
if , as the lisbon objectives state , we want europe to become a dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy , then science , technology and innovation must play a fundamental role in it , yet the participation of women in these fields , at all levels , still far from matches that of men . uguagliare
the long-term objective of facilitating a resolution of the transnistria conflict matches that of the eu ’ s special representative . coincide
the eu must match that shift and demonstrate the crucial equality and equity required to the creation of a palestinian state , living in peace with israel . NULL
i must say , madam president , that the commission ’ s lack of political judgment was only matched by that of the french governmental authorities , which unexpectedly revealed themselves to be party to this series of blunders . uguagliata
it is a pity that the declarations of the lisbon goals still fail to be matched with real actions . riscontro
i obviously did so , and minister schäuble , whom i approached , replied to me a few days ago formally assuring me that not only will the federal law in force be rigorously applied , but that it will also be specifically accompanied by prevention initiatives on the ground in all of the german cities involved in staging the football matches . partite
the customs credit would thus become a matching credit of the kind already in existence in international tax law . diventerebbe
in particular , i would call upon the commission and the council to ensure that their presence in that euro-mediterranean parliamentary assembly is a match for the circumstances , because at previous meetings they have perhaps not been as present as we would have liked or as we requested . altezza
as you will have appreciated , i deplore the lack of a budget to match the ambitions of the lisbon strategy and hope that we shall manage to improve the financial perspective with a view to remedying this situation . altezza
to the prime minister ’ s cry of ‘ they shall not pass ’ , the minister for industry deployed all of his ‘ weapons of mass obstruction ’ to the point of changing the rules of the game in the middle of the match − which incidentally had to be rectified during the stage between the cabinet and the official state bulletin − turning spain into a kind of banana republic in which legal certainty is trampled upon . partita
as horst köhler , president of the federal republic of germany , said yesterday , the eu ’ s higher prices must be matched by superiority in quality . accompagnati
if we are serious about the priorities we are setting with this programme , we will of course need the resources to match . corrispondenti
we are paying into the round with proposed real reductions in agricultural tariffs , as well as trade-distorting subsidies , if these are matched by real cuts in industrial tariffs and genuine additional services liberalisation by those who can contribute . perturbano
as has been mentioned , we have proposed real cuts in agricultural tariffs , but they must be matched by real cuts in industrial tariffs and services liberalisation . operate
the outcome is strong and effective legislation , which , once again , demonstrates the european union ’ s capacity to match its words with concrete deeds in its climate policy . tradurre
it is good news for europe because it means we now have the funds to match our ambitions for the development of the union over the next seven years . realizzare
there is not exactly a serious spokesperson on the palestinian side to match , under these circumstances , mr olmert , who has won a victory at the israeli ballot box . misurarsi
i should also like to emphasise here , however , that , if the countries concerned are in agreement and the commission gives them maximum support – as vice-president barrot , who has also been enquiring about the situation on site , has just done – there will be progress to match . registreranno
it is the experience of many charities working in the field that they remain hampered by the failure to enact and implement envisaged legislation which would allow the government and the charities to enter into contractual relations , thereby permitting the charities to receive matching funds . adeguati
unfortunately , we are aware that the results have not matched our expectations . altezza
given that problems of mis-selling , to use a nice french expression , have come to light in several eu countries , damaging investor confidence , we must at some point , here or elsewhere , match the more complex nature of investment products with greater protection for investors , whoever they may be . corrispondere
when we met yesterday , i expressed my concern about what is known as the matching clause . allineamento
i do not think that that should be automatically the case , because if there is a matching clause for state aid , then i would also like to see this introduced for all those other areas of policy that i have just mentioned and that are far more important as factors in competition . allineamento
as you are aware , personally i am not a fan of a matching clause . allineamento
i am alarmed to note that while there has been progress in terms of democracy and freedom in latin america , this has generally not been matched by progress in combating poverty and social inequality . riscontro
i can do even better than that : i could invite you to the oval to watch a test match . invitarla
this needs to be matched by increased funding . corrispondere
for the prosperity and security project that the eu represents for its citizens to be a reality , it requires a financial framework to match that ambition and its new size . altezza
you have indeed said that each country would be assessed on its merits , but there is still the risk that , as before , there will be a matching of speeds that is completely inappropriate in view of the subject and of the size of the countries . combaciare
in this respect , we must also ensure that fund ’ s financial resources match its geographically and thematically enlarged scope of application . corrispondano
finally , it should complete the revision of the financial system of the eu , to produce a fair , transparent and buoyant budget that will permit us to match financial resources to our policy objectives . altezza
the report calls on other developed countries and advanced developing countries to implement duty-free , quota-free schemes for ldcs , matching our own ‘ everything but arms ’ . scorta
to conclude , this text provides the opportunity to match words with actions in supporting european research ; that is what we shall do tomorrow . passare
we need specific performance tables ; we need the opportunity to name and shame , to point the finger at those member states that pay lip service to the idea of sustainable development , but do not match their fine words with deeds . riepilogative
mr president , i believe it is important that we all use this opportunity to highlight the unfortunate rise in racism at football matches in europe . partite
racist incidents that have taken place at european football matches include the following acts : monkey-like chanting , derisive singing , the hanging of banners that reflect neo-fascist beliefs and the tossing of banana skins on to football pitches . partite
i welcome the fact that fifa is going to use that tournament as an opportunity to crack down on racist acts at football matches in europe . partite
by way of comparison – and on this evening it might well be an appropriate one – let me point out that my own country , when football matches are being staged , has hundreds of police officers on duty before , during and after the match , and not one spectator is required to pay even a cent for them . partite
if , then , the cost of protecting people against danger at football matches is borne generally , then the same ought , even if only to some degree , to apply at airports . partite
. – mr president , mr vice-president , i hope that the introduction of the single train system will be quicker and more punctual than the way we are going about things , for we are already – again – running twenty minutes behind time , and i am sure you will not mind if i go pretty soon , as i want to watch another match somewhere . partita
secondly , only some countries would take up the match funding opportunities which might arise in return for eu regulation and competence . corrispondenti
in addition , we have seen , again at global level and particularly from the new vineyards in the new world , the appearance of new flavours that match the consumers ' requirements . rispondono
– mr president , i should like to denounce before the european parliament today 's unacceptable decision by fifa to suspend the hellenic football federation and to ban the staging of international matches in greece , the country which organised such spectacular olympic games and in which the sporting ideal was born . partite
it is , however , regrettable that the sums devoted to this major eu policy do not match our ambitions . altezza
the lamassoure report is basically about the eu bringing about a situation in which it has comprehensible own resources that match its aspirations and that do not depend on contributions by the member states and its doing so , of course , between now and 2008 and without waiting for the multiannual programming of the budget to come to an end . collimano
as mr lamassoure said in his report , i am in favour of a community budget funding system that is transparent , fair and equitable , one that provides the eu with a financial framework that matches its current priorities and its legitimate ambitions . doti
the longstanding monopoly of bskyb concerning the broadcasting of live premier league matches has ended as a result of this auction . partite
the commission also notes that english football fans who last season wished to watch more than the 88 live matches offered by bskyb in its basic sports package also had to sign up for a second subscription channel from bskyb , prem plus . partite
one of our principal objectives was to end bskyb ’ s longstanding monopoly concerning the broadcasting of live premier league matches and i think that this objective has been achieved . partite
does the commission appreciate that buying a random collection of football matches is not what 90 % of people want ? calcio
it should be cut up so that i can choose to watch my team ’ s matches , not get a couple of them and twenty matches i do not want to watch . partite
consumer welfare cannot be measured solely by considering the position of a person who wants to watch all the matches of one specific team . partite
british sports fans will now have the opportunity to view a significant number of the live premier league matches and other sports through setanta , which offers seven channels at the moment , including , for example , live scottish football , live european football and live rugby . partite
it is also worth noting that , according to press reports , setanta is considering showing matches via a pay television service on the digital terrestrial platform freeview , which would make premier league matches available on digital terrestrial tv for the first time , so that is really something to offer . partite
i hope you all have a good break and , to those who will have the chance to watch an exciting football match this evening , i would ask you not to get too excited about it , as there can be only one winner . partita
. – mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , everyone has gone to watch the football , and i wish i were with them , since the match is being played in my electoral district in the beautiful ruhr , but it must not be forgotten that there is something venerable about the directive that we are considering and it is to that that we must give our undivided attention , for the work of this house must not be allowed to take second place to football , even to a footballing event like this one . incontro
any step we take to improve our cooperation in security and justice matters must be matched with an extended protection of the individual citizen ’ s human and civic rights . accompagnata
mr barroso , from one small country to another : have a good match tonight and may the best team win ! partita
the council has been unable to give itself a budget that matches the ambitions publicised by the european union . altezza
this matches the position of the subsequent german presidency , which means that there should be constructive cooperation on drawing up the declaration to be made by germany at the end of its presidency . NULL
our words about justice are never matched by our deeds . seguite
for all those reasons , because consumers are becoming increasingly aware and want to make an informed choice , that translates into pressure on mainstream operators , producers and traders to raise their game in order to match higher public expectations and standards . accresciute
we pushed hard to establish a clear correspondence between the effort that we would make in agricultural market access and the effort that the united states in turn would have to make in the reduction of domestic subsidies close to the g20 levels of average cut by us , to be matched by close to g20 reductions of trade-distorting subsidies by the us . g20
press agencies report that the islamic military police shot two people and wounded four others during the germany-italy match . partita
the cinema owner and a young woman were killed when the cinema where the match was being shown came under fire . partita
of course , you must not think that you beat us greeks ; we let you win the match because we have connections with your royal family . finale
football matches are also suspended as a result of bad weather , but they are eventually played when the fog lifts or the storm passes . partite
when i was younger i played rugby and i recall a match that was not going well . partita
the theory is good , but the practice has been awful and has not matched the theory at all . coincisa
the idea was that at the end of each year the amount of carbon dioxide actually emitted had to match the amount of emission permits a company surrendered to its government . coincidere
i always welcome criticism , but this criticism would be easier to bear if the speed of the decision-making by the council and parliament on the simplification proposals the commission has already presented to the other institutions matched the speed at which the commission presented them . pari
at a time when patients are increasingly seen as consumers , are better informed and are more involved in decision-making , the attitude towards mental health should change to match this trend . adeguarsi
we have become a giant with ambitions to match our size and we cannot afford to neglect any part of the territory ; together , we must meet the objectives that we have set ourselves . ambizioni
india must match our resolve and bolster its promises for helsinki . dimostrare
such permitted assistance as there is in that response , is for many regions , particularly in the united kingdom , likely to be more theoretical than real because of national governments ’ resistance to match funding or any form of state aid . integrare
indeed , it is important for the eu to ensure that its political ambitions match its financial status as the largest global donor . innalzi
i must admit that we are somewhat flummoxed by the position of the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats today , which does not match up in any way at all with the debate we conducted in the committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs . corrisponde
where his report is concerned , mr ehler has gone about things the right way : by demanding that more structure be injected into the debate , so that clear questions can be matched by clear replies that are imbued with legal certainty . permeate
in addition , to match the higher weights involved , we have adjusted the quality classes eligible for intervention ; we cannot use intervention for all qualities , since we have no interest in holding only meat in intervention which no one else wishes to buy . innalzamento
i would like to adhere to the french version , even though austria lost the football match against france yesterday ! partita
on the one hand we are saying to governments that they must reduce their deficits and taxation , on the other they must increase spending in order to match european money . adeguarsi
the fishing sector will not emerge from its current crisis unless , on the basis of realistic calculations , the european union fleets are finally adjusted to match the food resources available in eu waters and beyond . commisurate
the standards for noise should match the actual situation . adeguate
as a result , the union 's financial instruments must be well defined and match the realities . adeguati
as you know , we have unfair competition from a football match - so i greet even more warmly the president-in-office of the council - and we also have a provençal party , but we also have some very serious work to do here . provenzale
it is tendentious and does not match up to the real threat posed by illicit traffic in nuclear materials in the european union . tendenzioso
for example , a company which sells bolts and wishes to sell in france needs to be matched up with a company in france that wants to buy bolts . bulloni
it is this matching process which may only take hours but in some cases can take months . abbinamento
at the moment the centres tend to pick up most of their inquiries through telephone calls and use fairly basic new technological methods such as electronic mail in order to pass messages around the community and to match up companies . contatto
at the present time , where millions of pounds can change hands in a micro-second and with the sort of activities that go on the stock exchange and new methods of electronic commerce , it is clear that the matching of two companies - one which wants to buy and one which wants to sell - can be done quite automatically . abbinamento
the pressure equipment sector in europe always has been and will continue to be a major market , ensuring jobs and , with its stringent safety standards , successfully matching up to competition on the world market . successo
in short , the time has come to acquire the resources to match up to our ambitions ! proporzionati
we should like to see increasing attention , matched by appropriate resources , being paid to these four sectors - commerce , tourism , services and the crafts sector . settori
first of all i should like to stress that the extravagant optimism , assessments and declarations about the role of the structural funds in greece , both generally and specifically , cannot conceal the fact that the measures in question do not match up to the words and cannot reverse , or even begin to rectify , the damage done by community policy overall . ottimistici
it is also of great importance that the matching of european standards with international standards leads to the breaking down of technical trade barriers worldwide , with new barriers being avoided . barriere
i do not doubt the good will of the former prime minister of luxembourg , but after more than two years as president , we unfortunately have to say that mr santer does not have the power to match his intentions . propositi
whilst it is the foremost commercial power in the world , europe has so far failed to acquire the political weight to match its economic importance . tratto
the soviet healthcare disaster was matched by equal incompetence on the economic front . stoltizia
it would be better to allow an extra few weeks or months and to ensure that the result matches the target , which i remind you is to allow the union to get closer to its citizens and to face up to enlargement . altezza
our question today is justified , since in the last eight months imports from norway have increased by 22 % , with a matching 21 % further fall in prices as a result . vendita
as chairman of the committee on development and cooperation i am therefore standing in for her at the last minute , although i cannot claim to match her charm , or indeed her knowledge . sostituirla
regarding the debate on quotas , we would comment that the debate in denmark is quite different from that in other countries where the primary concern is to promote national production in order to match cheap soaps , etc . , from elsewhere . competere
and the european union has not only undertaken to provide aid but has effectively paid over 80 % of this contribution , something that other financial and political partners in the peace process cannot match . sborsato
so how do we match the needs to decommission and get rid of the nuclear programme with the need for sustainable development ? combinare
the same applies to the european social fund which deploys around 30 % of the total structural fund appropriations in the endeavour to match supply to demand in the employment market . conciliare
but , at the same time , it is also clear that words must be matched by deeds . seguite
under this plan the mnf 's role will evolve to match the changing circumstances in eastern zaire and its deployment will proceed on a step-by-step basis in the context of the overall objective of facilitating the delivery of humanitarian assistance and the orderly , voluntary repatriation of refugees and displaced persons . adeguarsi
secondly and unusually , because it is the third time i have been to eastern europe to observe elections , we were not permitted to witness the opening of the ballot boxes and the all-important process whereby a check takes place to see whether the number of ballot papers in the box matches the number of people who have voted . estratte
i have no option , however , but to agree with the rapporteur 's view that the solutions proposed in the white paper do not match the brilliance of the commission 's analysis . altezza
we want it to work but at each stage it must keep pace with levels of consumer protection that match the sophistication of those who might prey upon the consumer . sofisticazione
but rights and powers , of course , bring matching responsibilities . comportano
we need only look at some of the television broadcasts produced by public broadcasters to see that they do not always match up to the high cultural standards these organizations require of themselves . adeguate
what we are not convinced about is whether it adequately matches the requirements of the internal market and the protection of the artists ' living and working conditions . coniugate
i do not believe these proposals match that requirement and therefore it is important , as commissioner kinnock has indicated , that elections for a new legislative council are held as soon as possible . soddisfino
the economic liberalization that china has undergone has not been matched by any liberalization on human rights and democracy .  
when it comes to integration among developing countries , the role of international donors - and in particular , as far as we are concerned , the european union - is of fundamental importance in helping to shape a system that matches up to international standards , providing for access to resources and transfer of know-how , without which many projects are bound to fail . fallire
may i therefore make one comment to the commissioner : we were unanimous in the report in regretting that the commission 's strategy contains timetable for its implementation and that too few of the specific proposals match up to their tasks . atte
we still have problems with additionality , added to which we have the problem that the british government has removed from local government every scrap of finance that can be used for matching funding . integrare
in future , however , i ask you to match your speeches to the time available , because otherwise you will put the bureau in a difficult position . adeguare
labelling only makes sense if strict controls are provided for , so that consumers can be sure that the contents match the label . corrispondenza
as far as i can see , paragraph 4 of mr collins ' report does in fact match the commission 's statement on page 19 regarding the annual reports . statement
furthermore , as the commissioner knows , once we enter stage three of emu , the requisite not to exceed 3 % deficits vis-à-vis gdp will oblige all states and all taxation administrations to match spending and revenue . adeguare
in the spanish case , however , the government is proposing a law making football a more important general interest than education or health , banning the cable television broadcast of the regular club championship matches at weekends . partite
this excessive rule was particularly unnecessary since spain is one of the countries where it is easiest to see matches broadcast live on free television channels every weekend . partite
current noise standards do not match the physiological reality . corrispondono
vigorous and purposeful implementation of the delors white paper would have provided the kind of growth and impetus which would have matched the drive towards debt prudence . affiancando
when are they going to match their rhetoric with their actions within the commission itself ? abbineranno
we have spoken of an economic government , but most of those in favour of it are not at all ready to transfer the matching powers . passaggi
we have also heard of enlargement , but the matching measures , the necessary institutional reforms have not been forthcoming with the necessary vigour and , in particular , n the commission problem remains intact . realizzano
mr president , i greatly appreciated the report by mr mcmillan-scott , but i share mr colajanni 's view that this parliament is not demonstrating a serious attitude in holding the debate on such an important issue before a half-empty chamber , in competition with football matches and so much else . partite
this report , mrs aelvoet 's , comes at just the right time for us to match our actions with our words . pi
that is why it is so important to consider new ideas for a support programme worthy of the accession strategy , directed far more to the structural funds than to phare , because phare does not match up to an accession strategy in terms of funding available , range of support measures or procedures , which is why it cannot fund the aims in question . adeguato
by doing so , we shall achieve a better match between local needs and the utilization of the structural funds . adeguare
at a time when we are cutting our budgets for development , for work on protection of international forests and for urban environment networking and pilot projects , it is sometimes unclear whether our deeds match our rhetoric . collimino
the rio agenda , the convention on climate and various others have yet to match up to what was promised . dimostrare
the building of new supermarkets on the outskirts of small towns has often meant that the creation of new jobs on the edge of town has been matched by a loss of jobs in the centre . periferie
of course , some of these conclusions will be controversial , there is no avoiding that , but what we want is for the adjusted rules , on the basis of article 85 - and mrs thyssen has just emphasized that once again , because we must act within the framework of the treaty - to match the reality on the market . corrispondano
it is time to match action to the many words and do something about the problems . seguite
i think that that is a very important point , and - although i risk the reproach that in the final analysis the council has made a declaration which does not match its willingness and determination to achieve zero growth in the 1998 budget - i would say that the council is sufficiently realistic and reasonable to share parliament 's view of all the legal obligations of the european union . corrisponde
mr president , i appreciate your being present in madrid on 12 october for our anti-racism match , although of course that is not my point . incontro
as jean-claude juncker has just outlined , that means not just singing the same old song , but actually beginning a new refrain with new lyrics to match . lirismo
this criticism , which is aimed at some parts of the report , should not detract from the excellent qualitative proposals contained therein , namely training as a means of matching the unemployed to the needs of the job market , more flexibility in the organization of working hours , lower vat rates for highlabour service industries , greater consideration of employment policy objectives when introducing structural aid , general reduction in the tax burden and a lowering of the various burdens imposed on smes . adattamento
this is described in sweden as subsidizing " servant 's jobs ' and is not regarded as providing any increase in employment to match the negative effects caused by the tax reduction . colf
we are particularly pleased to have seen the support we have received on socrates - the education programme - and hope that the substantial increase that we have found within the budget of the european parliament is now matched by a commitment from the european council . affiancato
mr president , the full record states , but i would like it to be noted , i mean in the minutes , that cantona , president of the association internationale des footballeurs professionels , appreciates that you yourself were present at the anti-racism match in madrid . professionnels
there were three matches , and it has to be said that they were quite entertaining . partite
we are therefore calling for the aid provided to match the losses incurred in these terribly impoverished areas , for this is the only way to ensure that quality of life is not further reduced in the region . proporzionali
it is indispensable : self-regulation , yes , but matched by evaluation . unita
freedom of access to markets will therefore be matched by freedom of access to resources . accompagnato
the exercise would not match up to the objective of solidarity that characterizes our community , a solidarity which was furthermore underlined by the european council of florence in its conclusions . altezza
but while the european parliament may have controlled the european match , we are by no means through yet . battaglia
subject : policing at international football matches calcio
in the light of the events of saturday 11 october in the olympic stadium rome during the football match between england and italy is the commission intending to conduct its own enquiry into the organization and policing of the event ? partita
constituents that attended the match , or who were simply shocked by the appalling scenes on television , have asked me to raise this issue at a european level . partita
in this context , the council adopted in 1996 a recommendation on guidelines for preventing and restraining disorder connected with football matches . partite
will she , in her answer , perhaps add just one or two sentences , particularly in praise of the football authorities of member states who sought to coordinate the many complaints of genuine football supporters who were caused a great deal of inconvenience during that particular match and managed to communicate those complaints with great clarity to the italian football authorities ? partita
we should all try our best to have good football matches that we can enjoy . partite
finally , we have to have the means to match our ambitions for our cohesion policies as jacques santer said . soddisfare
i approve of that orientation , as this partnership would promote a better matching of proposed actions to the reality of the lives of local actors . adeguamento
it is also appropriate to reduce the burden of the administrative system , provide the indispensable matching funding for implementing certain projects and ensure a better framework system , by appointing a project coordinator . contropartite
here , action and information are closely interrelated , since the extent and intensity of the behavioural change needed has to match the accuracy of the available scientific data . corrispondere
finally , a remark about paragraph 11 , in which a better matching of acquired skills through training and skills wanted in the workplace is urged for . corrispondenza
the next item is the statement by the commission on uefa 's decision not to allow the winners of the coca-cola cup to take part in european cup matches . coppa
equally , lesser clubs in the football league , for example bury football club in my constituency , depend on having matches played against the glamour clubs as well as on the prospect of themselves getting through to the final . partite
if the glamour clubs do not participate , as is a possibility , or send out deliberately weakened teams , clearly they are not going to get the revenue for those matches which they depend on for their survival . partite
if we are to catch the criminals who carry out that trade , then we need to match their cross-border work and their international cooperation . uguagliare
we need to match it with teamwork and international cooperation of our own . squadra
this is not going to be an international match , but a combined attempt to work towards the same objective as friends from across the water . braccio
since this is an urgent matter , i agree with the rapporteur that only a directive is capable of making sure that animals in captivity in the european union 's zoos get the protection they deserve , if the commission also matches deeds with words and thereby fulfils the treaty of amsterdam . zoologici
the french authorities have proposed a ticket allocation system for the 1998 football world cup which limits worldwide sales for matches to just 40 % of total tickets , while 60 % of tickets will be restricted to the french market . partite
a ticket , for example , for the brazil v scotland match which would cost £ 50 in france , has been on sale on the black market in britain for nearly £ 800 . scozia
we will have a chance to do that when we discuss mrs randzio-plath 's report and when we debate the outcome of the cardiff summit , which will once again be considering how to match the single currency with an effective and coordinated european employment policy . occorrer
following the request made to the french world cup organizing authorities by the european commission to recast its ticket allocation for world cup football matches , will the commission make a statement on the steps taken by the cfo ? incontri
that , i think , could be the best possible message we could send to the presidency-inoffice : that those elected in the eu countries support a text which , as you will have seen , mr president , is a very specific text , that is in line with and matches the position of the so-called like-minded countries in a prudent version , an open version to be able to bring everyone together on this strong position but , at the same time , including the reasons why some countries continue to obstruct , not the establishment of the coincide
it is common ground for the council , the commission and parliament that in today 's global economic environment we must not only improve european industrial competitiveness to match that of the best in the world but also continuously maintain that position once achieved . altezza
the actions being developed by the commission largely match the recommendations in the titley report . coincidono
identifying projects and matching them with volunteers is a major task in itself . selezione
globalization itself , which has produced significant changes in the market making it easier to match supply to demand and which has established new economic frontiers with the use of new computer technology , risks favouring economic interests and suppressing civil and social rights even more in the developing countries . incontro
this man was hoping that , because the world cup was in europe , surely to goodness he would be able to go to the first match . partita
as you know , the opening match is scotland versus brazil and you would have thought that the people who above all would be there would be the scots and the brazilians . brasile
anybody round here can pick up a ticket for a world cup match just like that . coppa
in any case , in conclusion i would ask you first of all to do everything you can to prevent a black market from forming . for the french will sell their tickets for matches such as the belgium / netherlands game at twenty times the price at which they bought them , which is unacceptable . partite
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , we started the 1998 budget procedure during or around the time of the ajax amsterdam football match . ajax
this evening there is also a football match , between real madrid and borussia dortmund . partita
mr fabre-aubrespy mentioned the first of april . we would surely rather have seen the football match , but the seriousness of the situation , namely the 1999 budget discussion , keeps us fixed in the house at this hour . partita
to come back to the football match : today in spain , in madrid , the match was delayed by an hour because the goalposts fell down . partita
let us see whether the commission and the member states will match the generosity of parliament , which is proposing a reference amount of ecu 2 million . accompagneranno
the issues are expressed well in the document and it is clearly only the budget which does not match up . altezza
madam president , i think the people of kosovo are as worthy as the people of montenegro . they should therefore be given a charter which matches this , but obviously within the confines of the new federal republic of yugoslavia . secondi
speaking time must also be adapted to match the importance of the issues in question . adeguati
i do not have to remind you that event of course will be watched by the whole of europe , millions of viewers , when scotland takes on brazil in the opening match of the world cup . partita
if we seek to promote an educational and vocational training system that matches up to the challenges before us , as expressed in the treaty , quality assessment systems are essential tools , they make a positive contribution to policies favouring employment , growth and competitiveness . altezza
i would nonetheless like to recall here that when the italian police were put on the alert for a match in italy , given the fact that the bravado of these fans was no secret and that prevention is the best thing - it is better to prevent problems than to try and solve them afterwards - the british press unfortunately severely attacked italy and the italian government . partita
enlargement will surely offer opportunities to our regions but we will want to ensure that the proposals presented by the commission match our objectives and priorities as socialists , namely to continue the delors legacy of promoting jobs , sustainable growth and the competitiveness of our regions and the central objective of economic and social cohesion of the treaty to enable all citizens , regions and member states to participate on an equal footing . compatibili
mr president , i agree with the proposal but i would add this : i hope that the italians -i do not know if you are a football fan , commissioner - i hope that the italians will be just as successful tonight in their match against cameroon as you have been tonight in the match in this parliament . match
in trying to appraise the record of the uk presidency we have to match the rhetoric and the achievement and ask ourselves what we will remember the uk presidency for . spogliare
for denmark in particular there is an historical dependence which was encouraged by the danish government , and any measures to change the balance - with which i agree - should be matched by compensatory measures . controbilanciata
the idea of maximum hours at sea has to be matched against the fact that some countries impose maximum days at sea and that constrains the working hours of a fisherman where that is done , for example , by the uk . rapportata
for large numbers of animals , we must demand loading ramps that exactly match the height of the lorries . altezza
my country and poland were also affected by the misfortune . however , the seriousness of the situation was matched only by the solidarity shown to the victims in the form of active and financial assistance . fattivi
it is strange that its priorities , as set out in cardiff , match those of the european parliament , yet the same council states with regard to the leonardo programme that - and i quote the exact english text - ' while bearing in mind the considerable success achieved by these programmes ' , it is cutting ecu 100 million . coincidano
on behalf of the committee on civil liberties in particular , i would like to express my pleasure at finding two requests in this report which match our priorities and which have already been pointed out by other speakers : the enlargement of the socrates , leonardo and youth for europe programmes and the need for the turkish government to cooperate fully and actively with the european union in the fight against organised crime and drug trafficking . corrispondono
although the us proposals do not match up to the palestinian wishes , mr arafat accepted them . inferiori
why has europe been unable to match this ? tenere
for 1999 it will be to develop the actions to match the objectives and to show action on the ground as against all of the guidelines . intraprese
by now we in europe should be familiar with the disappointment people feel if the chain of democracy , the rule of law and prosperity does not match up to their expectations . corrisponde
they are not prepared to put up the matching funding that is required to get the measures started . corrispondenti
a better match between the declared objectives and the methods to be used to achieve them , and a more precise definition of the tasks required of the commission , would both help to make socrates ii even more successful . adeguamento
mr president , even if - contrary to all expectations - the price of gold were to match the face value , it would still be easy to counterfeit such a coin . coniata
but , in practical terms and to sum up , far off are the times when economic and social cohesion was presented as a point of honour and when we held heated debates about the resources to be earmarked to match our ambitions . discutevano
in this case , the proposed percentage rate would require an annual maximum amount of eur 150 million to match up to the present level of lending to non-member countries , which comes to a maximum of about eur 2.5 billion . pari
having said that , i must add that , if the headings are compared with the descriptions , it emerges that not every heading matches the small print underneath . corrispondono
we are in fact hearing at the highest level in a growing number of union countries , including the more powerful ones , that a country 's contribution to the union budget should match the financial benefits it gains from it ; this means the general application of the ' fair returns ' principle for which mrs thatcher became famous in her day . proporzionato
i hope this was only the gentleness of the first wave , because i am absolutely convinced that the commission , and probably also the council , must take a firmer approach to those member states which are in fact not matching up to their plans , ideas and objectives . clemenza
we hope that the process of accession for the bulgarian government and people will be dynamic and rapid , and we very much hope that in vienna the council will match the pace set by the commission , so that enlargement is not delayed but moves forward swiftly . segua
reality does not always match their dreams , however , and many find themselves struggling to survive under very difficult conditions . vedono
as far as the current tempus iii programme is concerned , i believe it is especially important that the greatest of care should be taken to match the various priorities very closely with the national needs of the target countries . corrispondano
we are therefore glad to see the commission making the point that the liberalisation of world trade is not altogether being matched by the recognition of labour standards . considerarsi
you are not happy with the studies that were carried out because the results do not match your particular vision , but there is not much i can do about that . corrispondono
you have forfeited the chance to produce long-overdue proposals on enhancing the quality of the eu 's postal services . with proper competition , costs could be brought down and the system made capable of matching alternatives such as fax or e-mail . successo
he has got things the wrong way round if he thinks that the commission should always make proposals which match parliament 's vision . immagina
you are not prepared to take any account of the fact that china , that great country , that great nation , emerged only 50 years ago from foreign wars , from a status of prolonged colonialism , from civil wars , and within 50 years it is striving to create its own model , one which matches its history , its culture , which goes back 5 000 years before our debate today . origini
however , the institutional establishment of economic and monetary union has been unbalanced , in that the power to centrally manage monetary policy is not matched by any real powers for the union to effectively coordinate economic policies by means of broad guidelines or any binding multilateral surveillance . accompagnati
we must establish cooperation and pre-accession structures that match up to these countries ' european vocation . adeguate
the european union takes the view that there are already far too many weapons in cyprus , producing a real risk that each new build-up of weapons on one side will immediately be matched by the other side , which will lead to less rather than more security . reazione
we need clear rules that match up to the risk . commisurate
finally , we cannot and will not tolerate further damage to our industries by a regime whose ambition is matched only by its arrogance . pari
they are asking for matching funds and it is going to be administered by highlands and islands enterprise and the industry itself . highlands
as mr mcmahon said , the government has promised gbp 9m over three years , but this being on a matched funding basis with the industry , it is now under negotiation . cofinanziamento
it may not be possible for the small farms to meet the matched funding and so what sounds generous may , in fact , for some small enterprises be meaningless . generoso
that is why clear and decisive prioritisation of future programmes will be essential , matched by a clear and certain simplified budgetary procedure . unitamente
the financing structure we have at present no longer matches up to the increased demands made on it . adeguata
programmes will not start on 1 january 2000 , but we need to minimise delays in order not to fall into the problems and traps of the previous round of funding where late starts led to problems of underspends , delays in projects , project cancellations and difficulties in sustaining matched funding . cofinanziamenti
the commitment appropriations must be matched to the commission 's capacity for implementing them . commisurati
rigour indicates a desire to match resources to objectives . corrispondenza
mr president , like mr sainjon i believe both that this directive is long overdue and that its content does not match the hopes of employees in this sector . altezza
if the time limit is not changed an efficient , modern power plant will have to be closed down temporarily virtually whenever there is a problem , and replaced with plant that cannot match it in terms of its ability to protect air quality . atmosferica
secondly , regarding the structural and cohesion funds , i noted that we did not match up to some of your expectations . insolute
however , 232 members decided to match their words with actions by supporting the motion of censure against the commission . 232
ones which support and match what you actually want ? favoriscono
supply and demand can be matched here . sintonia
how can we avoid the kind of mistakes that arise when generosity is not matched by experience ? poca
the last twelve months have seen the establishment of the euro and we deserve a foreign policy that matches the expectations in the rest of the world raised by our new monetary union . altezza
as you know , however , situations of crisis can also release forces and produce their own dynamism ; the german presidency remains confident that it can match up to its responsibility to develop the european union into a pan-european and at the same time global community that has the ability to act . sprigionano
the response of the majority in this house today does not match up to its commitments to its own voters or to the expectations of public opinion . altezza
we must carry on demanding that the indonesian authorities match this diplomatic decision with consistent practical measures . indonesiane
but the performance you give here , mr poettering , cannot , nor will it ever match the real-life drama facing our foreign minister . eguagliare
that decision followed the organisation 's use of discriminatory sales arrangements for tickets for matches . partite
if they bought their allocation of four tickets each for a major match and sold them on the black market , they had enough money for two of them to take a two-week holiday in australia . partita
if it does not achieve these two objectives in a coherent and integrated way , it will find it very difficult to make the borders showing europe ' s politics and well-being match europe ' s geographical borders . coincideranno
i take that to be your perestroika , to match the glasnost which you refer to , but not an everlasting reform , not a constant state of flux . accoppiata
i hope that the european parliament can match up to its responsibilities and is able to condemn what has happened in east timor and to come to the rapid and efficient aid of its people . altezza
what is the attitude of the finnish presidency towards law-making in secret , because at the moment the council of ministers is only matched by beijing and north korea in passing laws over citizens in secret ? competere
without matching the huge sums spent on the buildings in brussels , the european parliament has , henceforth , a worthy seat which is bound to encourage all those who visit it and work there to act with dignity and with a sense of duty . una
it is right that we should match their renewed political commitment to move forward with practical support from the european union . appoggiare
just to wave taxes as a threat , without matching them with grants for retrofitting older plants so that they can comply with acceptable emission standards , and without generally increasing investment in monitoring emissions , will not work . associarle
that is why the european union must make its actions match its words and must uphold its commitments to employment and to the right to live in dignity . fatti
we even think that europe could acquire an external political dimension which matches its economic importance , and that this can be done whilst respecting the national interests of each member state . corrisponda
i would like to ask the council how , when these paths are sketched out , it intends to link , as it were , parliament with the definition of this new financial instrument , because there is no doubt that a new financial instrument will be needed because what exists at the moment is no longer suitable for the situation of the overseas countries and territories and does not match up to these countries ' requirements . oltremare
we can also accept the principle of amendment no 6 which makes it clear that there is only a match if fingerprints are identical and not if they are just similar , and we accept also the principle of amendment no 12 which is intended to make it clear that data must never be sent to an asylum applicant 's country of origin or used within a member state for an unrelated purpose . concordanza
finally , mr president , our intention is for the commission and the council to match the condemnations and political speeches with an appropriate expression of financial and technical support for the process of independence and the reconstruction of east timor . corrispondere
while the tour de france and the giro d ' italia are as long as they are , and there are three matches per week for professional football teams , drugs will be used . partite
i should like to call on all those who have the opportunity to take advantage of the socrates programme , who are able to use educational opportunities , who are going to be able to continue their education in the future , who contribute to europe growing together , also to recognise in the course of their education that we are setting a fast pace at the moment in our process of development and in all our programmes , that there are those who cannot match this pace , and that we should take them by the hand and take riescono
in fact , and in the way this proposal for a solution was adopted , it can already be deduced from it that it is dropping the idea of a revision of the financial perspectives relating to heading 4 as well as the principle of new objectives being matched with new means . corrispondere
the european parliament wants the assumption of new responsibilities by the european union to be matched by new financial resources . corrispondano
this is an important step that matches the regulatory regime with the realities of a global car industry . avvicinamento
