the proposed system will improve the protection of competition , primarily because it will allow the commission to concentrate its action on the most serious restrictions , also because it will involve national and competition authorities to a greater degree in stamping out infringements , and lastly in that it will allow victims of infringements to have direct recourse to national judges , whose mission is to protect the rights of individuals . missione
no indications of contamination were found in kosovo during the btf fact-finding mission . missione
from a desk assessment coupled with a fact-finding mission the report concludes that the risks , if any , are limited to an area around the target . missione
we make our judgements from reports like this and the missions we send to check on things like this . missioni
can i first of all emphasise how sorry my colleague , mr nielson , was that he could not be here but the honourable members who are concerned about these development questions will know how important his mission is , trying to ensure that our agreement with south africa survives . missione
we have fully supported the efforts of the united nations mission and the international security forces in kosovo to prevent further outbreaks of violence against minorities and to protect the populations under threat . missione
this mission is being conducted under the auspices of the united nations and we cannot have a situation where the european union is the only one to fulfil its obligations . missione
consequently , i consider that support for environmental action under the life financial instrument will help to further community policy in the environmental sector and can contribute substantially to fulfilling the community ' s mission of achieving a high level of environmental protection and improvement . missione
the following spring to mind in this respect : the systematic collation of documentation and information , professional forms of observation , the development of information campaigns , the use of cash to support democratic forces in the country concerned , a more creative deployment of the resources which are available through multilateral diplomacy , such as organised dialogue and fact finding missions and such like . missions
it is my impression that this mission from the european parliament was the final push which convinced our cuban friends that the time had come to move forward on mechanisms of cooperation with the european union . missione
in this regard we strongly support the high representative ' s recent appeal to member states to provide more police officers for the un civil police mission in kosovo . missione
the universal service will be able to fulfil its social mission only if it retains an area of monopoly enabling it to balance its budget . funzione
the sustained independence and strength of the commission are , of course , basic to that mission as this house has repeatedly recognised . compito
the first question concerns the training of this rapid intervention force of 60 000 men , which , as you have said , is likely to be deployed to perform peace-keeping and peace-building missions and be capable of maintaining them on a long-term basis , if necessary . missioni
however , the responsible authorities of the western countries need to make it clear that , once the mission of the united nations committee has been successfully completed , the embargo will be lifted and normal trade relations will be able to be resumed . missione
i hope that the mission by commissioner nielson and the portuguese state secretary will provide the information that this house needs in order to understand the current situation , and what the most urgent needs are , so that we can help the people of mozambique , who genuinely deserve our help , in their struggle for development . NULL
this is an extremely complicated undertaking , but we will succeed because our mission is very clear , we are a relatively small institution and we have a very high level of culture . missione
to sum up , this overall balance , this sense of mission , this feeling of compatibility which guides the actions of every parliament and every government , must preside over enlargement , the budget , and governability . missione
for this precise purpose , and in all cases where a citizen of a member state is threatened with the death penalty in a third country , there is now a coordination mechanism allowing combined approaches to be made to the governments of third countries by the european union missions in those countries . missioni
this cooperation between the missions of member states will also cover information sharing on citizens who may be threatened with the death penalty . missioni
the eligible voters were identified thanks to the effective un mission , minurso . missione
it must be made clear that , at the end of the united nations mission , the embargo will be lifted - not just suspended , but lifted once and for all . missione
dennis halliday , who resigned from his position as director of the un humanitarian mission in iraq in protest at the sanctions , confirms the unicef statistics - five to six thousand children die every month as a direct result of the sanctions . missione
a consultation took place between the commission and the member states , concluding that the situation does not justify the organisation and deployment of a full eu observation mission . missione
they are also supporting the mission of observers of the organisation of american states , led by the former minister for foreign affairs of guatemala , mr eduardo stein . missione
the commission also reiterated this message through foreign minister ivanov during the ministerial troika on 2 march , where we submitted to him a number of concrete proposals including echo assessment missions to chechnya , ngo access and basic requests , visits of eu diplomats to the region before presidential elections to report on civil conditions , the humanitarian situation , alleged human rights abuses and investigations . missioni
naturally , we must finance the kosovo mission as a fundamental political objective , in order to erase the effects of the war and to prove the existence of a political objective , but we cannot always do so at the expense of agriculture . missione
this new method also entails the european council rediscovering its fundamental strategic guidance mission , while allowing the various councils of ministers to take the practical decisions and the commission to prepare and execute policy . missione
however , in the light of new information , the commission undertakes to take up the case again and to arrange for a zootechnical inspection mission , should this be required . missione
as i have indicated , in the light of new information , the commission undertakes to take up this case again and , if necessary , to arrange for a zootechnical inspection mission , should this be required . missione
we have also heard that there is the possibility of a joint parliamentary delegation undertaking a fact-finding mission on an ad hoc basis under the best possible conditions with a view to looking around the territory of chechnya wherever it sees fit to do so . ricognizione
a mission of this kind must take place soon and i believe it is important that in the resolution tabled on the basis of the liberal text , an amendment is included to this effect . NULL
we support the proposal from mr lukin , the co-president of the interparliamentary delegation of the european parliament and russian duma to send a fact-finding mission to chechnya to gather information on the ground . mission
in this context , the activities of the jrcs are intended , in conformance with its mission , to increase protection and nuclear safety , and in particular , provide scientific and technical assistance to the competent directorates-general . missione
to this end , the european union is prepared to send a mission of election observers , but must , of course , warn the zimbabwean authorities of the need for satisfactory guarantees that the observers will be safe and that they will have freedom of access to all relevant premises . delegazione
the troika of european union heads of mission in harare will personally convey this message to the zimbabwean authorities . recatasi
the commission representatives will travel there on friday 19 may to prepare for the mission of election observers in order to verify that the appropriate conditions have been met . arrivo
following the eu member states ' agreement in the azores on 6 and 7 may , the commission this week has a mission in zimbabwe to look at necessary arrangements for an eu observer team and to coordinate with other election observation initiatives by sadc , the commonwealth and the us . missione
the commission electoral assessment mission now in zimbabwe is discussing with member states arrangements to deal with the logistical and operational aspects of this exercise , in particular , funding , freedom of movement and security of service . inviati
i hope we can solve the problems of funding of the observer mission . missione
subject : eu agriculture budget paying for the un mission in kosovo will the eu use appropriations from the agriculture budget to pay for the un mission to kosovo ? missione
subject : burma what further measures will the council consider taking if existing measures appear to be inadequate and if the second eu troika mission meets with no greater success than the first , when the common position on burma comes up for another renewal in october ? missione
to this end , the european union plans to send a second eu troika mission to rangoon . missione
- ( de ) i voted for mr ferber ' s report on our budget for 2001 , but i cannot let this opportunity pass without protesting in the strongest terms against what can only be described as the blackmail practised against certain categories of officials , particular more junior ones , so that they find themselves ' voluntarily compelled ' to transfer from luxembourg to brussels , on the pretext that they are in brussels or strasbourg ' en mission ' , i.e. on business , for more than 50 working days per year . missione
we believe that it is right that the directive does not apply to public broadcasting organisations , in view of their specific nature , which cannot be divorced from the democratic , social and cultural needs of the various member states , and the negative impact that this would have on their ability to fulfil their public service mission . missione
the impunity enjoyed by the rebels in sierra leone and the weakness of the peace-keeping forces , who can neither leave the country , for political and humanitarian reasons , nor effectively confront the armed rebels , are a threat to any future united nations peace mission . missione
the mandate of the united nations mission in sierra leone is , by any reckoning , insufficient to achieve its objectives . missione
the united states and great britain have only sent forces to the united nations mission in order to guarantee the safety of the evacuation . missioni
the only solution to the difficulties of the united nations mission , in terms of achieving compliance with the peace agreement , is to entrust the political negotiation to the leaders of liberia and libya , whose record in seeking peace is very doubtful and also very worrying . missione
human rights issues are frequently discussed , as the speakers have noted , within the political dialogue which the council is conducting with tunisia within the association council and through the heads of mission of the member states in tunis who have regular meetings with the relevant tunisian government officials in this area . missione
the council fears that this conflict may spread to georgia and welcomes the extension of the osce ' s monitoring mission along the respective borders . missione
at the request of president shevardnadze , the european union is now studying possible ways of helping to reinforce and ensure the efficacy of this monitoring mission . missione
in this context , in june of last year , a mission to morocco took place before the action plan was finalised in order to establish a dialogue with the moroccan authorities . missione
another mission of this type is now planned for the end of this month , specifically intended for holding discussions with the moroccan intermediaries . del
but we are also doing so , mr president , by remaining faithful to the letter and the spirit of the treaties , and especially to one article in the treaty which i have good reason to remember , the article guaranteeing the specific nature of public service missions . missioni
the feira council is being called upon to promote the interests of big business even more resolutely and to promote the speedy militarization of the european union by creating a european army whose main mission will be to intervene militarily in third countries and lend support to capitalist forces within the member states of the eu itself , at the expense of the grass roots movement . missioni
i can also testify to the incredibly efficient work being done by kfor , the un mission ( unmik ) and the unmik police . missione
against this background , the commission welcomes the conclusions of the most recent european parliament mission to kosovo . missione
however , i am pleased to inform you that consideration is currently being given within the commission to reorganising our foreign missions , and that this involves a shift of emphasis , so that this point will be taken into account . rappresentanze
since the deficiencies and irregularities noted by different independent organisations , both peruvian and international , had not been put right , and after the withdrawal of mr toledo , one of the two candidates for the presidency of the republic , the delegation from the european parliament decided not to carry out its mission in those circumstances . missione
the meeting of chancellors of the organisation of american states in ottawa , having heard the report of the electoral mission headed by eduardo stein , has decided to send a new mission , which will include the canadian minister of foreign affairs and the secretary-general of the organisation of american states , in order to ensure that the government of peru is adopting the necessary measures to re-establish democratic legality . missione
in this regard , and before making any decisions - and this is one of the key points of our resolution - , we should , commissioner , send a high level european union mission which could , after meeting with all the political forces and with representatives of civil society , make an assessment of the situation on the ground in the light of the democratic clause , which is an essential element of the agreement between the european union and peru . missione
this mission seems to me to be particularly appropriate since the european union is the main provider of development aid and economic cooperation , and it is also the main investor in peru . NULL
in its statement of 9 june , the european union stressed that it would support the oas mission to peru . missione
we expect this mission to express its findings in the clearest terms and to come up with unequivocal results . NULL
it seems to me to be obvious that we should await the outcome of your mission . missione
i wish at this point to pay tribute to mr schori , who led this mission , and to the remarkable work accomplished by his team . missione
this and the professionalism of the observation mission enabled them to surmount numerous political hurdles . missione
it is widely acknowledged that the european union mission contributed to reducing the levels of violence , and i think it is also recognised that it helped to build up the confidence of civil society during the elections . missione
once again may i stress that the reputation of mr schori and the role that he played were key factors in our judgment for the success of the mission . missione
what is more the european union mission being by far the largest observer mission deployed in the country and operational right across the nation , also contributed significantly to the coordination of the overall electoral monitoring effort in zimbabwe . missione
according to the report by the heads of mission there is scope for positive development in zimbabwe in the political , economic and social fields . missione
as noted by the heads of mission in harare , it is premature to jump to conclusions on the election and its consequences . missione
mr president and commissioners , i am speaking english not out of distaste for two languages that i like very much - french and swedish - but because it was the working language of the mission . missione
it is my pleasure to give the first presentation of the final report of the eu election observation mission to zimbabwe here in the european parliament , an institution that has taught me so much and been such a joy to work in . missione
indeed , in the view of our 190 election observers with experience of seven observation missions as an average , the pre-election period was one of the worst they had ever been in , while the actual election days , the polling , voting and count were among the best they had been . spoglio
our mission had , therefore from the beginning stressed that we were not only there for the election process , but that our final report would also attach great attention to the post-election phase . la
add to that our 14 heads of mission who will be on red alert . missione
let me use this opportunity to pay tribute to the election unit , to the eu observers including friends from norway and kenya who were integrated into our mission , as well as five members of the european parliament . missione
let me end by saying that the eu mission was a high-profile one , very well received among the people in general to a point that would be the envy of several member states , including mine , mr patten . missione
the mission can also be seen as an efficient conflict-prevention exercise . missione
our mission was an act of commitment to the people in africa and to democracy worldwide . missione
i see the mission to zimbabwe as a natural consequence of our support for the struggle for african independence and of our wish to build a strong partnership with a peaceful and democratic zimbabwe . alla
mr president , the fact that the eu observer mission has garnered great international acclaim reflects the fact that mr schori has done an excellent job in raising the profile of what we were doing there . missione
the report drawn up by the mission led by mr schori , the thoroughness of whose work i must emphasis once again , as did commissioners patten and nielsen , provides us with a perfectly clear and impartial analysis of the way in which zimbabwe ' s legislative elections were held . missione
i am convinced that the union was right , profoundly right , to send this mission , a long time in advance , in order to bring an element of calm to this campaign . missione
the benefit of this mission in this regard , as in many others , is undeniable . missione
the mission must continue its work on the ground , as mr schori requested . missione
the council presidency is delighted at the generally smooth running of these elections , even if , here and there , the voting conditions might have left us rather perplexed and the mission ' s conclusions on this matter are extremely enlightening . missione
second - and this is the second major contribution to the issue - we have introduced extra resources , which total some eur 11 million . five million are to go to the high representative in bosnia and herzegovina , and six million to the united nations interim mission in kosovo to fund the interim civil administrations . missione
personally , when i think in terms of ' energy ' i think of security of supply in the long term , the guarantee of public service missions and the contribution to sustainable and environmentally friendly development . missioni
in order to facilitate programming , echo carried out a technical assessment mission in chechnya in may . missione
mr president , i would just like to say that the radical members abstained from the vote on the virrankoski report because the council was trying to secure for its own budget the costs arising from missions conducted by military advisers or others within the framework of the cfsp . missioni
our parliamentarians and commission officials should go on fact-finding missions to iraq to meet members of the iraqi parliament , eu diplomats , international agencies and ngos . missioni
secondly , we propose that our parliament should take the initiative in sending a fact-finding mission on the ground . mission
mr president , as mr sánchez garcía has just reminded us , this resolution comes within the scope of the decision taken by the conference of presidents to send an ad hoc mission to venezuela to assess the tragic consequences of december ' s floods in that country . missione
it is urgent , mr president , because the european parliament ' s mission took place last february and so far we have not been able to reach any final conclusions . missione
to this end we propose various mechanisms and , amongst other things , we envisage the possibility of joining together the missions of those member states that agree to do so with the current commission delegations , at the appropriate time . rappresentanze
there have been some very embarrassing discrepancies between the possibilities open to the european missions , and those of the united states , for example . missioni
mr president , last week , i was in indonesia on a fact-finding mission and all i can say is that the eu delegation out there provided me with outstanding support . mission
joint reports are produced , either at the request of headquarters , or on the initiative of heads of missions . missione
at the same time , the lebanese government went ahead on 9 august and deployed a mixed force of 1 000 men , 500 soldiers and 500 policemen in the former occupied zone whose mission is to maintain public order within lebanon itself , but not to engage in any kind of border surveillance , despite its responsibility to do so . compito
we will outline our strategies as soon as these conditions are met and , as many members know , we have had an assessment mission in the area to see exactly what we can do on the ground as soon as possible . missione
i have to give credit to commissioner patten , for his presence in the area and also in syria - we were able to go to syria when his mission was finished - had a lasting influence on the development of the situation in syria . missione
it is in keeping with our historical approach and the way in which we intend to conduct the mission incumbent upon us today . missione
this impression is powerfully reinforced by paragraphs p , 13 and 15 , in which the talk is precisely of eu embassies , of coordinated eu representation in , for example , the un and of member states which so desire arranging for their diplomatic missions to be combined with the eu ' s delegations . impressone
what would be the point of having more than 40 000 officials in more than 1 500 diplomatic missions between the commission and the member states - twice the number the united states has - if our activity really is not sufficiently efficient , coherent or visible ? rappresentanze
in any case i hope it gives you a good foundation for starting your work on the budget and that it will contribute to the establishment of a budget for 2001 which respects the priorities of each of the institutions , one which is satisfactory in terms of our joint mission , fulfilling our responsibilities towards europe and its peoples . compito
it must be organised so as to fulfil its missions , and in our opinion that means a light , flexible structure . compiti
the multinational advisory police element in albania , formed under the authority of the weu council and deployed in albania since 1997 , has widened and developed the scope of its mission following the adoption , in march 1998 , of a joint action on the european union ' s contribution to re-establishing a viable police force in albania . missione
transparency implies that the member states should define a clear public service mission , that financial transparency should be guaranteed and that , if public service operators carry on purely commercial activities , separate accounts should be kept . missione
while member states are responsible for the day-to-day enforcement of community legislation , the food and veterinary office of my directorate-general undertakes specific control and inspection missions to check that member states apply community legislation in an effective and a uniform manner . effettua
moreover , we need to ensure that the statutes of national and international sporting federations lay down mission statements and contain clear , precise rules . missioni
not for nothing did the dutch chef de mission , andre bolhuis , nickname the olympic games in atlanta the olympic war , probably because these games involved thousands of police and because of the hostile atmosphere which the american public and their media created with regard to overseas sportspeople . mission
our troops should have been given a clear and finite mission with a realistic exit strategy from the start . missione
the present unacceptable situation is a clear consequence of mission creep and political indecision and provides a clear lesson for the future . missione
further input will be provided by the report of an acp ministerial fact-finding mission to fiji which took place in mid-august and which was led by the foreign minister of papua new guinea . missione
in that case , it will , in my view , have failed in its mission and purpose . missione
while member states are responsible for the day-to-day enforcement of community legislation , the food and veterinary office of my directorate-general undertakes specific control and inspection missions to check that member states apply community legislation in an effective and uniform manner . missioni
during the mission referred to , carried out in france in november 1999 , it was found that the route plans stamped by the competent authorities of the place of departure were not properly implemented and that travelling time limits were often exceeded . missione
the fvo mission report mentioned refers specifically to transporters whose journeys originated in ireland . missione
concerning france , the commission is waiting to be informed about the actions taken by the competent authorities regarding some of the recommendations of the fvo mission report , especially of the action taken to ensure that route plans are properly used and signed . missione
in those circumstances it may well be that a mission would be justifiable . missione
mr president , the commission fully supports the decision of the un secretary general 's special representative for kosovo , bernard kouchner , to hold the kosovo municipal elections on 28 october and the efforts of the un mission in kosovo , unmik , to organise these elections . missione
within the un mission , osce pillar iii of unmik has lead responsibility for the elections . missione
we should therefore take this opportunity to make the code more efficient and to ensure that our young soldiers engaged in peace missions do not have to confront , as they occasionally do , arms exported by the european union . missione
with its common position on afghanistan , the european union is supporting the united nations ' special mission in afghanistan , and the efforts to achieve peace undertaken by the general secretary ' s special representatives . missione
biarritz did not manage to dispel all the storm clouds attending our mission to promote the democratisation of the european union . scacciate
unfortunately i had no prior notice that it was coming up because i have been in sri lanka for the last month heading an eu mission to observe the elections . missione
mission by commissioner patten to serbia missione
the next item is the commission communication on the mission by commissioner patten to serbia . missione
following these initial missions i went myself to belgrade on monday and yesterday afternoon i visited podgorica . missioni
i briefed european union heads of mission before my departure to montenegro where i had meetings yesterday evening with president djukanovic and prime minister vujanovic . missioni
thus it is that documents have been circulating from one body to the next , and the european commission , for example , refuses to make public the report concerning inter alia even the customs assistance mission ( cam ) established in albania . mission
the week before last i flew to iraq , over turkish airspace into baghdad , on a humanitarian mission . missione
for several months , mr baker ' s mission has been twofold ; he has sought both to resolve the difficulties inherent in implementing the settlement plan , which should lead to a referendum on self-determination for the sahrawi people , and to reach a political agreement . missione
in the case of iraq , which i visited as a member of a mission to contest the embargo in practice , women would not , under any circumstances , have put political or military objectives above human life and would not have sacrificed 6,000 innocent children a month in the name of any form of political , economic or strategic interest in the area . missione
let us open a new book on a modern european public service that fulfils its constitutional role in the proper manner , is ready for the forthcoming enlargement and lastly , which embraces service provision for the european public as its new mission statement . mission
in the hands of the european court of justice - ' one jurisdiction and one mission ' as one of its judges said some years ago - the charter may become the most undemocratic instrument to which european integration has given birth . missione
equally serious is the intention that any state that does not wish to take part in a mission should be required to pay a financial contribution to be divided up among the states participating in that war . missione
the rest is packed with remarks about rape , the sexual misdemeanours of european soldiers on peacekeeping missions - the serb troops are not mentioned - the positioning and lighting of latrines in refugee camps , demands relating to asylum and immigration policy , abortion , adoption , statistical analyses differentiated by sex , the creation of ministries for women 's affairs in the member states and much more besides . latrine
today i can tell you that our mission was a failure . missione
we have also been completely clear , ladies and gentlemen , about the need for parliament and the commission to work together to build the new europe , for this arduous task is our responsibility , but ours is also this great mission and this great potential . missione
the council has expressed its concern at many meetings with russia at all levels , particularly seeking to induce russia to avoid the excessive use of force and to avoid any extension of the conflict , to carry out independent and efficient inquiries into human rights violations , to support the osce assistance group in fulfilling its mission and , finally , to ensure that humanitarian aid is distributed properly . missione
the option of deploying a rapid reaction force exists for the whole range of crisis management missions , the petersberg missions as defined in article 17 ( 2 ) of the treaty on european union , humanitarian and evacuation missions , peacekeeping missions and combat troop missions for crisis management , including peacemaking missions . missioni
therefore , i would call upon all the members of this parliament to support the european mission and i conclude by saying that the time to act is now . missione
it should therefore have access to civil victims and its teams on the ground should be able to work in complete safety and with all the resources needed to carry out their mission . missione
i recall that in the european parliament mission to argentina , former president alfonsín said to us that sometimes democracies only remember other democracies post mortem , that is , when there is no longer democracy . missione
we understand that the european union heads of mission have been following the political situation in the country closely . missione
world mission germany is carrying out this programme . mission
given the requests that the government and the opposition have already made we would also like the commission to tell us how it intends to support the forthcoming electoral process and whether it will be sending a mission to observe the elections that have already been scheduled for this year .  
the eu countries which take part in these missions do so on the basis of national decisions . partecipano
when that confirmation was given , unep carried out a mission to collect , for example , soil , water and vegetation samples in autumn last year . missione
also , because it is unacceptable that there should still be controversy over the degree of information that nato claims to have given the governments and military authorities of the countries participating in missions in good time and the conditions under which their armed forces and the security forces took part in military and police operations . missioni
lastly , because it would be incomprehensible and even paradoxical for our countries to have participated in missions for peace and to promote human rights in the balkan region and to possibly left there an unsolved public health and environmental problem that affects precisely the populations that they seeking to protect . missioni
mr president , we have a responsibility towards two parties : on the one hand , the young people who took part - commendably - in the military operations in bosnia and kosovo and , of course , their families , and , on the other , the beneficiaries of those peace-keeping missions , the balkan peoples . missioni
a fact-finding expert mission will be sent shortly to assess needs and identify areas in which pilot technical assistance projects could be pursued . missione
at the same time , the council agreed to send another troika mission to rangoon . missione
it seems now as if the mission will be undertaken later this month . missione
echo also arranged this monday for a mission to be sent to make an initial assessment of the needs as regards cooperation with other donors and the local authorities . missione
the conclusions of these experts ' mission should be available by the end of february . missione
that too is our mission . compito
everyone in this chamber knows that europe 's main mission since 1993 has been to operate as a large market without frontiers , a market where anything can be bought and sold , even infected meat and bone meal . contaminata
within the means at its disposal the commission is working with the united nations mission in kosovo - unmik - through the european agency for reconstruction , to eliminate these threats according to priorities for intervention . missione
the only issue to consider is their immediate release from serbian prisons and their transfer to the un mission in kosovo . missione
we all ought to read the report of the human rights mission from 26 december until new year 's eve . missione
the european investment bank is a non-profit-making body because that is what the member states ' governments decided , since its mission was not to obtain economic benefits but rather to contribute to the balanced development of the european community through granting medium and long-term credits and guarantees for investment projects in the poorest regions , thus fostering economic and social cohesion . primario
alongside this , the eu has reformed and concentrated the work of its monitoring missions and placed it under the control of the secretary-general . missioni
moreover , the monitoring mission recently showed its value when it was deployed in presevo valley . missione
the european union is increasing the number of monitoring missions in the presevo valley and the commission is considering ways of increasing the already substantial aid devoted to the area . missioni
a mission from brussels is discussing , in nigeria , how the future programme for that country is to be implemented . missione
in a situation where violence is used on a routine basis , our delegations , observer missions and resolutions may be able to ease the problem , but i am convinced that they will not solve it . missioni
we urge that the way should now be opened for missions from the un high commission , the osce and the red cross to be permitted to evaluate the atrocities and come to the rescue of the population . commissariato
it is therefore vital to deal with all aid opportunities together and , in order to fill the gap between emergency and long-term aid , the commission will lose no time at all in sending a study mission to assess reconstruction and renovation needs in situ . missione
this mission will work in close conjunction with the member states , and its results will enable us to decide better how to carry out future initiatives in cooperation with other international institutions as well . NULL
on the other hand , the international agreement in the form of an agreed minute between the european community and the government of the korean republic has not persuaded korea to fulfil its commitments , since the mission of antidumping experts sent by the commission has failed . missione
our legitimacy and our function are political in nature and our presence in the union ' s observation missions - our proper political role - can represent added value for the european union . missioni
so it is useful for the european parliament to be present at every stage , including the stages preceding election observation in the strict sense , and it is desirable - where the right conditions exist - to have the european union mission led by a member of parliament . missione
what is more , our record is excellent : our former colleague , mr schori , led the mission in zimbabwe . missione
i think that paragraph 9 of the motion for a resolution contained in mr fava ' s report very rightly emphasises the fact that , ideally , these missions should be chaired by members of the european parliament . missioni
i therefore hope , mr president , that this report by mr fava on the commission communication on eu election assistance and observation missions will contribute to improving the european union ' s external actions in an effective , visible and coherent way . missioni
mr president , commissioner , i was honoured to be asked by commissioner patten to lead the eu electoral observation mission to sri lanka . missione
i would also like to acknowledge the great cooperation and support i received from the head of the eu mission , mr ilkka uusitalo , all the heads of the eu diplomatic mission as well as the government and opposition parties in sri lanka and particularly the elections commissioner . missione
the credibility of an eu observation mission 's final report will depend to a significant degree on the perceived and actual independence of its work . missione
the mission must , at all times , act independently and be seen to do so . missione
furthermore , while it is important that the observation team should consult local eu diplomatic missions , it must be independent of them and eu missions must not interfere with fellow nationals or the mission as a whole . missioni
if the final report of the observation mission concludes that there were serious flaws in the conduct of the election and makes recommendations as to how they can be prevented in the future , the council and the commission must act and both must be prepared to use sanctions in the fields of eu trade policy and donor aid to achieve this . NULL
before we decide on how and whether to observe a particular election , exploratory needs assessment missions are now the rule . missioni
such missions will determine the nature of our observation . missioni
the core mission must be experienced and have appropriate technical expertise . missione
the involvement of members of this house in electoral observation missions plainly makes considerable sense . missione
the commission wants to cooperate fully with the parliament in this respect and to integrate any parliamentary delegation , if it so wishes , into the european union election observation mission . missioni
when participating in missions observers are , of course , bound by the european union code of conduct for electoral observation and the general principle that the european union must speak with one voice . missioni
so the chief observer must be the only spokesman for the eu election observation mission . missione
the commission believes that the recommendations of our missions must be built into development strategies and also into our political dialogue with the country concerned . NULL
madam president , it is not because i represent the pensioners ' party that i am knowledgeable about the issue of the election observance by our missions in the other states , but because i established the pensioners ' party in italy and , for almost 20 years , i have been surrounded by papers , regulations and elections : indeed , not a year passes without me being involved in some election or other . commissioni
well then , i would like to stress that i voted for the motion , but , in particular , i would call not just for missions to be sent to the various states holding elections to check that the right voting procedures are being followed , but for the voting rules themselves to be controlled as well . operazioni
besides , the report itself recognises that the aim of these parliamentary missions is really to ensure ' the best possible visibility ' of the aeu . missioni
finally , as the parliamentary missions plough their way through the world , ' illuminating ' it with the light of europe ' s example , they would do well to stop off in france , and investigate the rumours of the hidden funding of certain parties . NULL
with a view to this the union welcomes the high representative mr solana ' s decision to station further significant numbers of observers - up to 30 - from the union ' s observation mission in southern serbia , this since at the council ' s conference ( general affairs ) on 19 march , following contact with nato and following the signing of a cease-fire agreement between the parties , he assessed that the safety of the observers was carefully guaranteed . missione
i understand that madame garaud cannot for the time being undertake that mission for personal reasons , which are fully understandable and have my deepest sympathy . missione
do you intend to ensure that the mission to spain takes place as soon as possible , if necessary with a different envoy ? missione
i simply asked for a deadline to be set for the mission which our parliament has agreed to send to the spanish authorities . missione
if madame garaud is not in a position , for perfectly understandable reasons , to undertake the mission that you have conferred on her , it could be advisable to see if , in such circumstances , an alternative may be found , if only because it is important for the presidency of this house to be able to assure members , as i believe we were assured at a prolonged debate of the conference of presidents , that you have acted with concern for due process and with propriety at all times . missione
but if this sense of mission leads to the tobacco industry relocating its manufacturing plants to the countries for which its cigarettes are intended , all we shall have achieved will be the loss of european jobs . missionario
madam president , when i was in washington on an ep mission last week , i was greatly shocked by the exceptionally cruel and vile murder of two israeli schoolboys . missione
although the situation in this 25-year-old conflict is currently deadlocked , largely as a result of morocco blocking the validation of the electoral lists established by minurso ( united nations mission for the referendum in western sahara ) , there is a risk of armed hostilities flaring up overnight . minurso
we have a moral and ethical duty to ensure we are prepared for such missions in future with the likes of the rapid reaction force . missioni
council and commission mission to korea missione
the next item is the statements by the council and commission on the results of the council and commission mission to korea . missione
mr president , the european union strongly supports president kim dae-jung 's sunshine policy and it was on this basis that the mission led by göran persson , in which my colleague chris patten participated , took place . missione
contrary to some press speculation , this mission was not intended as an attempt to supplant the american role : the us was briefed in advance and fully supported the initiative . missione
secondly , preparations to launch our technical assistance are moving ahead and a project identification mission to north korea is expected shortly in order to agree the design of two pilot projects with the north korean authorities : these will each be close to eur 1 million and will aim particularly at training officials in key ministries and at basic institution building . missione
insofar as equality between men and women is an objective and also a mission for the european union , we need to adapt , update and also think up new strategies , new legislative texts that will enable us to complete this task effectively . missione
its main mission is above all to serve as a coordinator for the national agencies , so as to ensure that they all recognise the same references and so that their role in providing scientific evaluation and preventing risks is sufficiently well publicised . missione
to make that concrete , the european food authority ' s operations and mission must cover real detailed knowledge of all the farms scattered across the european union . mission
there are two essential principles that should guide the actions of the food authority : it is essential to give it a clear mission , and to make a distinction between what can be classified as scientific responsibility on the one hand , and what can be classified as political responsibility on the other . missione
only with clear principles and a specific mission will the efsa win the confidence of eu consumers and the entire eu food industry . e
i welcome the reference to resolving the conflict in sri lanka given my recent involvement in this area as head of the eu electoral observation mission . missione
conspicuous by its absence is any reference whatsoever to the fact that peace in the area is in jeopardy now that the united states has stepped up its aggression towards china , as seen in the nmd , the new us defence philosophy , flights on spying missions , the visits by the dalai lama and the president of taiwan . spionaggio
of course , all this needs resources and a great deal of money , which will obviously need to be provided transparently and by carefully weighting requirements and the expediency and usefulness of each item of expenditure , accompanied by a real desire to strengthen the external service so as to ensure that it has the means to fulfil its mission productively . compito
finally , special attention must be paid , as the report notes , to arrangements governing relations between the external service and delegations and the european parliament , both as regards having systemised contacts , with reports and appearances by the heads of the delegations in parliament and its competent committees , and as regards some of the delegations taking on the job of providing assistance in connection with visits and missions by members of the european parliament to third countries . rappresentanze
other points the house makes concerning , for example , mission statements , redeployment , new delegations , monitoring and evaluation will be tackled in the communication on the development of the external service , which we will be bringing forward shortly . missione
a statement from the observation mission reported that opposition candidates listed certain instances of irregularities and fraud which they said had marred the vote . osservatori
the situation is being closely monitored by the eu heads of mission on the ground . capimissione
commission representatives regularly take part in field visits and assessment missions inside afghanistan in order to see conditions at first hand and to ensure that aid can be directed towards the areas of greatest need . missioni
the honourable member will recall that at the faro meeting of the european council in june last year , member states signed up to an ambitious target of 5 000 police officers for international missions to be available by 2003 . missioni
in that context , the commission will take over the weu police mission in albania . missione
the provision , deployment and management of eu police officers for external crisis management missions is a competence of the member states and the council secretariat . missioni
his mandate also requires mr léotard to offer advice and support from the european union for the current dialogue , to closely liaise with the representative of the presidency and the commission in macedonia , with the heads of the member states ' missions and also with european observers . missione
nato must be deployed in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia with a very specific mission , namely disarmament . mandato
our mission was cut short because today , in the churches , in the vietnamese pagodas , there are more police officers than monks . e
in view of the influence on developments that moscow can exert on developments in minsk , participation of russian monitors in an osce mission to observe the presidential elections of 9 september would be advisable . missione
in the meantime , the commission delegation participates with the member states represented in hanoi in all eu démarches to the government of vietnam on human rights issues , as well as in the regular discussions on human rights which the eu missions pursue with the vietnamese authorities . missioni
the presidential elections on 9 september will be the next test of the democratic credentials of the country and we are in close touch with the osce-odihr discussions over the desirability of an international election monitoring mission . missione
european union heads of mission in belarus have recently undertaken a study into the impact of chernobyl on public health . delegazione
the european union observation mission for the elections was extremely positive . missione
last july , this parliament adopted a very articulate , precise resolution , in which parliament specifically requested mr nassauer , the chairman of the delegation for relations with south-east asia , to organise a mission to vietnam as soon as possible in order to meet , first and foremost , the religious leaders who are currently imprisoned , and to assess the situation with regard to religious freedom in vietnam . missione
therefore , madam president , i am asking for your support and the support of the house so that mr nassauer can organise this mission in the coming days . missione
as you know , there are regular contacts between commission departments about specific problems with the application of community law through package meetings and so-called directives missions . missioni
in conclusion , commission action on monitoring community law is crucial to fulfilling our essential mission of preserving the community legal order , fairly , firmly , consistently , and with public understanding . missione
unfortunately , his mission had to be diverted very quickly from its original objective when fresh violence and tension erupted following israel ' s assassination of mr abdul ali mustafa , the leader of the palestinian liberation front , on 27 august . del
secondly , we must clearly insist on the mission of impartial observers from the european union . missione
and secondly , are you planning a mission to chechnya and does the commission plan to set up a permanent representation there ? viaggio
on the chechnya situation proper , i am not currently planning any mission there . missione
in our mission to the united states , we were well received by congress but met with the hostility of the administration . visita
fourthly , it gives the united states its blessing to continue its spying missions within the european union , subject to what are , of course , wholly inadequate conditions . spionistica
this organisational task has in fact been given to the osce , to the council of europe and to the third pillar of the united nations mission in kosovo , better known by the abbreviation unmik . missione
mr president , i was part of the observer mission that went to zimbabwe , as was mr gahler and others here . missione
this review process must be undertaken in tandem with a mission whose work is open to the whole of europe and which has the task of carrying out an assessment of european safety . missione
the eu should encourage the full application in that country of respect for human rights and fundamental liberties , which the taliban regime refuses to acknowledge , as proposed by the mission led by commissioner patten and the troika . missione
on 11 september i was on my way to a mission to afghanistan and to pakistan . missione
as regards the transfers of prisoners from detention in serbia to the united nations ' mission 's facilities in kosovo , this matter is being discussed by the appropriate authorities . missioni
i should like to thank the european parliament and the mission for their extremely important contribution to the conference and for the important part which they played throughout the negotiations and to say that the commission is satisfied with its contribution and its efforts to support the presidency . delegazione
they too do not watch with a light heart as members of the population embark on such perilous missions . operazioni
i am particularly honoured to be able to speak about east timor today as i was the chief observer of the european union election observation mission in the country between 23 august and 11 september , and was able to see for myself just how important these elections were for the people of east timor . missione
the july 2001 un assessment mission to western uzbekistan has attributed the absence of water to fundamental structural problems ( such as irrigation and crop policies ) . missione
terrorists are now willing to engage in suicide missions . missioni
we have heard today that there is still uncertainty about the mission from the united states congress . delegazione
i feel it is right to raise the issues of wto reforms , legitimacy and transparency of decisions so that we do not lose sight of the wto ' s primary , unique mission which is to extend international trade . missione
the latest commission report , together with numerous mission reports , has highlighted that there is a serious disregard of animal welfare in some countries . missione
as in the case of procedures for public procurement contracts , which the zappala report tackled , and as in the case of a particular sector such as public transport , which the meijer report dealt with , we are required to adopt a framework for the policy on european competition , to develop a policy on regulated competition , to enable national , regional or local public authorities , in line with the principle of subsidiarity , to determine the missions of general interest services , the management contract that is to be fulfilled by the operators and the missioni
i am pleased with the new mission of the jrc . missione
it is also in this spirit that an exploratory mission by the european union ' s troika , led by the deputy prime minister and minister for foreign affairs , louis michel , visited havana on 23 and 24 august 2001 . missione
however , we must remember that it was the cuban authorities who broke off dialogue between the european union and cuba , when they cancelled the eu ' s troika mission at director-general level , virtually the day before it was due to take place , on 27 and 28 april 2000 . missione
the government has failed in its primary mission of serving the general interests of the people . missione
in addition , an attempt at ' internationalisation ' is being made by forcing ' anti-democratic measures ' on all countries , which will be subject to inspection by ' inspectors ' whose mission has deliberately been left vague rather than being clearly defined . compito
the last inspection mission on fresh meat carried out in greece by the commission 's food and veterinary office was in september 2000 in relation to porcine meat . missione
this mission identified serious wide-ranging deficiencies in the operation of official controls and production standards in this sector . individuato
the message to the greek authorities is consistent : much greater effort and resources must be invested in correcting the deficiencies consistently found in the missions of the fvo . missioni
the international forum on globalisation observes , for example , that the results from qatar signify ' the ultimate triumph for the world trade body whose very mission is to exclude civil society from shaping economic systems ' . missione
eu members responded to my appeals and supported our efforts to overcome the difficulties by sending , among other things , an investment mission to korea . missione
do we want the next european mission to be turned away from israel , just as the mission headed by the belgian presidency was ? missione
the auguries for an eu presence are not too good , but we will be able to mount an eu mission should this be feasible . missione
a key requirement will be that no international observation mission - whether multilateral or bilateral - is manipulated by mugabe into sending short-term observers only for polling day . missione
we have therefore taken the following actions : the commission has currently a mission on the ground to assess humanitarian needs and food security issues . missione
the commission has also participated in the undp land mission . missione
a report by a local humanitarian fact-finding mission , which visited the area ( including poso and tentena ) last week , suggests that the situation is now relatively calm , but that it remains very tense . tentena
the commission ' s delegation in jakarta , together with the diplomatic missions of the eu member states , will continue to make every effort to monitor developments in these areas and to draw our concerns to the attention of the indonesian authorities in eu démarches and other contacts . missioni
this is why the joint parliamentary assembly should send a mission to togo to report on respect for human rights and the smooth running of the electoral process . missione
moreover , the renewed missions are being placed in the hands of three pensioners of an age that makes chinese statesmanship look like a youth rebellion . missioni
what are its great missions , within its borders , for its inhabitants , but also in the world ? missioni
they are already used a few times in the text itself , and it seems as if the people who tabled these amendments are , in fact , on a mission to restrict the scope of the proposal . mirino
if i have any criticism of your speech , it was not in terms of the content - there was hardly a word i disagreed with - but that i perhaps detected an element of " mission creep " in your speech . rampantismo
the member states of the union and the european commission - in coordination - have decisively supported international efforts in favour of safia husaini , in accordance with the meeting organised by the european union ' s heads of mission in abuja on 23 january . missione
the mission confirmed that urgent needs were being met and that effective coordination was in place . missione
i must say that i was especially pleased that carlos costa neves headed the mission , as this shows that parliament and the commission are now working even more closely together on election observer missions . missione
i believe that we should work together on this , affirming that we also want part of this mission , being a joint action , to be jointly financed , and that is something we have to make clear . intervento
i feel that we must convince american society , and american politicians too , that this line will not get them anywhere : that is europe 's mission . missione
as i said in brussels in 1993 , the primary mission of nato is to intervene in european territory and on the fringes of europe , particularly in the mediterranean and the middle east , in order to guarantee and develop peace and stability throughout these areas . svilupparvi
the union has periodically dealt with the problem of security with the russian authorities and recently a commission official travelled to chechnya to assess the current situation on the ground and the union 's troika is planning another visit to the region on a head of mission level . missione
which is why i am asking if you would consider sending an eu mission to chechnya . missione
we notice how a country which , to a large extent , relies on aid from the eu , treats all appeals from the same eu for fair and democratic elections with contempt , and even forces us to withdraw our observation mission . missione
it will be up to the irish parliament to decide what defence missions our forces become engaged in . missioni
to start with the precedents , i must point out that our real mandate , following the saint-malo meeting , started in december 1999 in helsinki when it was decided to create a european rapid reaction force , which would consist of at least 60 000 troops deployable within two months and for at least one year and including logistical support and air , sea and land resources for carrying out the missions we have christened ' petersberg tasks ' , in a reference to the famous palace near bonn where they were analysed , and which are basically the missioni
the second principle is that of mission speciality . missione
ladies and gentlemen , i believe that this principle of speciality must be understood as a principle of evaluation , and i therefore repeat that we are talking exclusively about military missions for the carrying out of petersberg tasks , humanitarian peace enforcement or peacekeeping missions , or rescue missions . missioni
hence one of the difficulties , mr president , in including the contribution of european military capabilities to defending against external terrorism , when necessary , which is connected to the main priority of the spanish presidency , which is the fight against terrorism and which , nevertheless , in the current state of development of our missions as a result of the principle of evaluation , we cannot undertake without a prior council declaration which i will refer to later if there is time . missioni
it is undoubtedly also subsidiary to collective defence , which for the majority of the countries of the union is attributed to the atlantic alliance , so that our missions , in turn , are in this respect subsidiary to the collective defence which falls to the atlantic alliance , but are no less autonomous for that . compiti
mr president , i will leave , in case there is greater interest on the part of the honourable members , the examination of the assumption by the european union of the leadership of certain missions , both in relation to the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , the continuation of the amber fox operation , and the assumption of certain responsibilities in bosnia and herzegovina , and it remains for me in this field to mention the importance of the cme 02 exercise , which will test our capacity for organisation by means of crisis management procedures in may missioni
i am referring to our capabilities to tackle arms of mass destruction , nbc - nuclear , bacteriological or chemical - and also to our intelligence capabilities , the ability of our forces to protect themselves during missions and , finally , our capability to protect what has come to be known as the common space or european single sky . missioni
in this very week just past , the european mission in the middle east has shown us how little political influence we have . missione
we are managing a key part of the un mission in kosovo . missione
we have agreed arrangements for the eu policing mission in bosnia , for example , which tread a careful path between the competing concerns . missione
its own inability leads to frustration and even to open humiliation , as we have seen in the recent mission to israel , for example . missione
i still have some questions , however , that i would like to put to the council . does the council envisage taking any particular measures to protect troops and humanitarian missions on the ground in afghanistan ? missioni
we believe it is essential , and no less urgent , that amongst all of us - and with the completely indispensable cooperation of this parliament of course - we start creating this law for petersberg tasks , which can be applied from the start of any mission . missioni
as mr duff pointed out in his speech , we have a vision which is complementary to the atlantic alliance , which does not prevent us - quite the opposite - from having to make progress on this european security and defence policy by increasing missions , integration , arms policy and institutions . missioni
we must obviously support initiatives such as the proposed mission by the un high commissioner for human rights , mary robinson , to look into the human rights situation and to recommend any appropriate action which may be necessary to protect human rights according to international standards . missione
within this framework , we wish to express our disapproval of the israeli government 's refusal to accept the mediation of a mission from the european union on 4 april and we believe that , under these circumstances , the association agreement must be suspended in accordance with its article 2 until we see a clear and unequivocal sign that the israeli government is willing to resolve this crisis . missione
the best way forward , in the view of liberal democrats in this house , is to establish an immediate embargo on arms exports to israel and palestine , and to persuade the united nations to mount an international mission to send troops to the region to enforce peace . missione
furthermore , at the beginning of march , the troika of union heads of mission in moscow made a representation to the russian federation 's deputy foreign minister , mr gusarov , to express the union 's concern at the human rights situation in the region . missione
we must add to all these actions , which have served to communicate the union 's position on the development of the caucasus republic to the russian authorities , the request for , and subsequent support from russia for , the trip which the troika of heads of mission intends to make to the region during april , which will allow us to obtain information on the development of events . missione
for this same purpose of compiling information , the troika of heads of mission maintains frequent contacts with representatives of ngos and competent authorities such as mr kalamanov , the kremlin 's special representative for human rights in chechnya , or mr yastrzhembsky , the presidential spokesman . missione
i therefore wholeheartedly welcome lord judd 's mission ; i wholeheartedly welcome the proposal to set up troikas , or quintuples i should say , with the russian opposition party and the working group on chechnya , to monitor the situation and investigate the violations of human rights ; it would appear appropriate , in addition , to set up an ad hoc delegation for the northern caucasus to discuss all the current issues with the russians and chechen representatives . missione
the first mission i went on after taking office was the humanitarian mission to east timor in the autumn of 1999 , the second one was to the region we are talking about today . missione
commissioner , i hope that the commission will soon set up its office in taipei , so that the commission , too , may support dialogue between the two states by means of its missions in beijing and in taipei . rappresentanze
an ilo mission in february was denied access to aung san suu kyi , and the un special envoy strongly criticised the slow progress of dialogue . missione
it also reaffirmed the union 's support for the mission by the special envoy of the secretary-general of the united nations , mr razali ismail . missione
as is well known , that mission met with many difficulties , and it was impossible for us to visit president arafat given the opposition of the israeli prime minister , mr sharon . NULL
as you know , we issued a public declaration establishing a common position on the conflict and supporting secretary of state powell 's mission to the region . missione
we have lent all our political weight to diplomatic efforts , which range from presidency declarations and contacts with all the parties involved , to supporting general zinni 's mission a few weeks ago and of course supporting the mission to the region by the american secretary of state , mr powell , and also our visits on the ground , such as the one that is taking place today . missione
last week , at the last general affairs council , it was considered appropriate to await the results of the mission by secretary of state powell , which i will mention in a moment , and at the moment what i can say is that all options remain open . missione
i shall conclude by saying that i support a un-led international fact-finding mission to investigate events in jenin , and i ask all those who , today , are in favour of this , bearing in mind that the state of israel is a democratic country , why then did they refuse an international fact-finding mission being sent to algeria , when algeria is not nearly as democratic as israel is today . jenin
when a mission that seems as clear as the one secretary-general kofi annan sent president martti ahtisaari on to investigate the devastation at jenin and the number of human casualties there meets with suspicion on the part of the other party , we really are at ground zero point . missione
it is a moderate approach which can be stepped up or cancelled when progress is made by israel in withdrawing her troops from the palestinian area , giving free access to humanitarian aid and free access to the united nations mission in jenin and elsewhere . missione
i also agree that our mission to the middle east is a success , particularly because it is repairing the damage suffered by the previous mission but , i repeat , we will have to explain to our voters what we are going to do , how we are going to do it and when we are going to do it , as long as it is soon . missione
yes , i say to the state of israel that i am not entirely convinced that the action which it has taken these past few weeks will succeed in the object which it sets itself , because i fear it may have created more people who want to engage in suicide missions . suicidi
i would also like to stress that the high-level group on immigration and asylum has agreed to send a mission of experts to morocco to assess a border control programme . missione
it is within the competence of the member states to draw up and revise treaties , and this is a contractual mechanism totally different from the mechanisms relating to constitutions , which are based on the existence of a sovereign people , a people governed by a sovereign body , and that is totally different from our mission in the european union . compiti
we are asking that iraq should open its doors , without any restrictions , to the un inspection missions , but that they should then serve as an example to israel . missioni
we voted against the lamassoure report for the reasons given in our replies to the convention questionnaire on the union 's missions . missioni
in the same spirit , it calls on the commission and the council to do whatever they can to ensure that negotiations resume including , if necessary , sending a field mission of mediators and negotiators . emissari
together with the eu diplomatic missions in jakarta , we have been monitoring the situation in the moluccas since early1999 and we have participated in two fact-finding missions in late 2000 and early 2001 . missioni
eu heads of mission visited the region in october 2001 . capimissione
eu heads of mission in jakarta also visited papua in february this year . missione
following discussions between commissioner patten and the indonesian foreign minister , mr wirajuda , last november , and in the context of the commission 's rapid reaction mechanism , an independent mission on conflict prevention in indonesia visited the moluccas , sulawesi and papua in february 2002 . missione
the expert mission met a wide range of central and local government representatives , as well as ngos operating in these areas . missione
on the basis of the mission 's report , a package of projects is now in preparation for the moluccas and papua . missione
like the diplomatic missions of several member states , the commission delegation in new delhi sent a fact-finding mission to gujarat to assess the situation on the ground . missioni
the mission i am talking about was different and more problematical because of its background , but it was necessary to send a mission to gujarat to assess whether the riots had implications for the principles on which our cooperation is based , including respect for human rights and democracy and the rule of law . missione
the mission also heard accusations from the indian media and the indian human rights commission that the gujarat state authorities had been complacent in their handling of the hindu rioters . NULL
we talk on the phone , we also meet informally , and i see this troika mission , because of its timing and visibility , as a way of clarifying the seriousness of the moment . missione
we also believe the madrid summit 's conclusions in relation to the international criminal court and the fight against terrorism and organised crime to be particularly noteworthy and , in this respect , i would like to remind the house that i have just returned from an electoral mission with other members of this parliament to colombia , where there is no question that the citizens of that country have offered a wonderful example of democratic maturity and civic courage , ensuring that the peaceful will of the citizens has prevailed over threats , violence , extortion , intimidation and missione
this is clearly a much broader concept which we could also relate to recital c of the report , which says that within companies and among investors a consensus is developing that they have a broader mission than simply making profits , and that the challenge for success lies in combining profitability with sustainability and responsibility . missione
a mission of the food and veterinary office will take place shortly to assist in this process . missione
b5-0340 / 2002 , by mrs schroedter and mrs isler béguin , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the osce amg mission in belarus ; missione
b5-0354 / 2002 , by mr wiersma , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the osce amg mission in belarus ; missione
after he abrogated the democratic constitution in 1996 , the osce sent a mission of observers to the country with the aim of re-establishing dialogue and helping to restore the foundations of a democratic order . missione
parliament , the commission and the council worked closely together with the osce mission , and the experience increased our regard for its achievements , as repeated attempts were made , in a situation with few - if any - prospects , to set up dialogue , even if only a tenuous one , to at least work towards the minimum criteria we had established , and to find a way to restore normal relations . missione
yet even that was too much for mr lukashenko , who made it unmistakably clear , in a major speech last month , that he wants no more osce missions in the country once the presidential elections are over . missione
i believe that we must protest vigorously about this , and it is clear that normal relations with the european union will not be possible if dialogue on the basis of the osce mission is not begun . missione
mr president , over the course of the past four years , the osce mission in belarus has done impressive work under impossible circumstances . missione
the present joint draft resolution is right to express its deep respect for this mission . impegno
its former head of mission and great driving force , mr hans-georg wieck , has given a thumbnail description of this commitment : observation of the human rights situation and administration of justice in belarus , legal assistance for the affected families , reporting of processes and interventions in cases of violations of the law , humanitarian aid to victims of state persecution on political grounds and by administrative and criminal penalties , development of the range of action and cooperation of political parties , the forming of a coalition of parties and social forces , observation of elections , missione
it is therefore hardly surprising that the belarussian head of state is now trying to force the osce mission in minsk to resign by refusing the necessary visa to be issued . missione
as has already been said , what happened with the osce mission is unacceptable . missione
the work done by the former head of the mission , ambassador hans-georg wieck , and by the subsequent heads , has been commendable , and we should therefore continue to exert considerable pressure so that work continues along those lines . missione
it is also vital that the european parliament send a mission to malaysia in order to investigate the conditions under which the political prisoners are being detained and the violations of their basic rights . missione
irish troops have a proud record of serving in peace-keeping and humanitarian missions abroad under the auspices of united nations mandates and the irish people want this to continue to be the case in the future . missioni
i call on the turkish government to withdraw its objections to the armed forces of the european union and nato carrying out joint missions . compiti
the obstinacy with which this united left has pursued its goal here , regardless of the adverse consequences it might have , for example in connection with the second referendum on the ratification of the nice treaty in ireland or with the referenda in the accession countries , and without considering the fact that the eu has absolutely no competence in this field , thanks to the principle of subsidiarity , points , in my mind , to a regrettable confusion about its sense of mission . missione
the us move to oppose the renewal of the un 's mission to bosnia-herzegovina threatens to undo years of work by the international community to rebuild that fractured community . missione
is it necessary to jeopardise international peacekeeping missions just to make the point that superpowers do not have to play by the rules ? missioni
the us actions in the security council will not in themselves threaten the mission in bosnia , but indicate the seriousness of america 's concerns , the most important of which is the possible prosecution of its civilian and military leaders for serious crimes committed abroad by its military personnel . missione
mr president , mr president-in-office , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the united states ' decision to distance itself from the international criminal court and its announcement last sunday in the security council that it will henceforth only participate in un missions if its military personnel are granted immunity reinforces the impression that , in some areas , the united states has adopted a more critical stance towards the institutionalisation of international politics than has the european union . missioni
during the troika 's mission , our partners in the sadc insisted that european union sanctions had had the opposite effect . missione
in addition , each member state is free to select its air navigation providers , and the regulation must provide for cases where public or private businesses concern missions of general interest . funzioni
above and beyond the policing mission in bosnia-herzegovina , the council foresees , for example , measures involving specialist assistance to third countries in the fight against terrorism . NULL
in my judgement , the un assistance mission in afghanistan - unama - is best placed to handle this delicate issue , supporting the key role of the afghan human rights commission in taking future steps . missione
the european union sends diplomatic missions to southern africa but they come back empty handed and leave behind no impression that action against zimbabwe is a high priority and a determining factor in the overall approach to southern africa . missioni
this is possibly a sign of a certain amount of nervousness on our part , even while there is hope of peace , in not sending an ad hoc mission to iraq , and particularly in not setting ourselves up as a neutral arbiter . missione
as i mentioned to begin with , an important priority in this connection is the eu 's assumption of responsibility for the un 's policing mission in bosnia-herzegovina . missione
the rules say that members cannot be on mission during parliament 's plenary session . missione
the first , and perhaps most important , is the official announcement in laeken last year that the european union is now ready to carry out certain operations and is gradually moving towards full operational capability which will allow it to take on even the most demanding of petersburg-type missions . missioni
what this means in practice is that we have given the go-ahead for specific operations to be undertaken in the balkans , such as the policing mission in bosnia and task force fox in the fyrom . missione
with this , a horrible dilemma is being created for parliament and for anyone who is kindly disposed towards the international criminal court , for the choices are : either no compromise , and this translates into a divided europe and continuous opposition by the united states , or opting for damage limitation , for example , by restricting the exception to soldiers with peace missions . missioni
we need to address this in the convention and consolidate our positions , but you will acknowledge that in the case of the commission 's mission to rio de janeiro , commissioner patten was not in the same situation as commissioner lamy . missione
in this regard , we must of course exhaust all political , diplomatic and commercial avenues ; but we must also , mr president , guarantee free access , unrestricted and unconditional , for the united nations inspectors , so that they can fulfil their mission of verifying whether or not there are weapons of mass destruction . missione
that would amount to denying the remarkably efficient work carried out by inspectors from the united nations and the iaea between 1991 and 1998 and to renouncing any future disarmament control missions . missione
you ought to focus equally on the maghreb dimension of the partnership , for , as we all know , the borders are closed between morocco and algeria , and if europe does not help to increase cooperation between neighbours i do not know what its mission is . missione
the socialist group also supports the idea of sending a parliamentary mission - i am addressing my fellow members here - to give our support to the democratically elected institutions and to go and meet with the various political forces in côte d 'ivoire . missione
we must therefore , as part of an active diplomatic effort , send a parliamentary mission , and this is what we shall begin working on , madam president , as of tomorrow . missione
as commissioner barnier wished , quite rightly and quite appropriately , this parliamentary mission must be able to arrive within three days in abidjan and it must strive , on the basis of the resolution that we shall vote upon tomorrow , to play a role and provide parliament with a role to play . missione
on the contrary , he must listen and put in place ceasefire agreements called for by the regional ecowas mission . missione
to sum up , mr president , although pharmaceutical companies have , by and large , been backed up in the commission 's initial proposals , we have a duty - and this must be the mission of the european parliament - to protect the interests of citizens , patients and consumers . missione
a new feature of the 2003 budget is the addition of appropriations for joint police missions to bosnia . missioni
this is an offer to the council and only if the outcome is satisfactory will we authorise the funds for the policing mission in bosnia at second reading . missione
we have made available to members of this house the report by heads of mission in jerusalem , which again exposes the extent to which this is a simple , straightforward fabrication . missione
we hope to send missions to some of these countries very soon to work up concrete projects , notably in the area of terrorist financing . missioni
to the russians and who knows who else on peacekeeping missions ? missioni
it decided therefore to embark upon such a dialogue on the basis of the conditions , timetable , subjects , benchmark points - that is to say , objectives - and choice of interlocutors discussed in the course of the eu 's fact-finding mission to iran . missione
its defence of the militarisation of the ' fight against terrorism ' , examples of which are changing the current concept of defence to what is being called a ' broader concept of security ' , which includes ' pre-emptive strikes ' , such as we are seeing now , at the hands of george w. bush , confusing member states ' internal security missions with defence policy ; compiti
its support for the reform of nato ( its political and military structures ) in order to change its defence alliance missions into an offensive alliance ; offesa
let us therefore make use of iran 's readiness to discuss all human rights issues , including individual cases , without preliminary conditions , as expressed in talks with the eu-iran human rights exploratory experts mission at the beginning of the month . missione
we are planning a fact-finding mission with our opposite numbers and representatives of civil society and we shall lobby for the final text of the agreement , if it comes to that , to include a clear , express clause on women 's rights . missione
meanwhile , the commission confirms that the funding foreseen for the planned eu election observer mission will remain committed until december 2003 . missione
it is quite simply not acceptable for aid missions financed by the eu to be turned back or prevented from doing their work . missioni
the eu peer review , conducted under the auspices of the council , should make this decision , taking account of the results of the iaea mission in june and an objective analysis of the economic consequences of closure . missione
in this context i would ask council and commission to offer political backing to the osce mission in chechnya . missione
the commission would like to congratulate the eu election observation mission , led by mr cushnahan , on the excellent work achieved under very difficult circumstances , notably a particularly challenging security environment . missione
the commission appreciates that the mission was able to carry out its task in full compliance with internationally accepted criteria used for election observation . missione
the commission believes that the presence of the eu election observation mission has served to enhance the democratic process in pakistan . missione
the commission agrees with the eu election observation mission that a general election does not in itself guarantee the establishment of democracy and that those who support the restoration of democracy should work together to achieve that objective . missione
the criticism made in pakistan that the mission was exceeding its mandate because it arrived too early and interfered with the internal affairs of the country by analysing the overall election framework is therefore groundless . missione
mr president , first of all i would like to pay tribute to all who served on the recent eu election observation mission to pakistan , particularly the members of my core team and also the european parliament delegation led by miss grönfeldt bergman . missione
how can the presidency commend the pakistan authorities for their cooperation with the mission when it was fully aware that we never received a formal invitation from the authorities and that they also refused to sign a memorandum of understanding , including an agreement to provide security cover . missione
the presidency should also have been aware of the public attacks on the eom by several government ministers , using such inflammatory language as ' these western whites have no interest in peace in pakistan ; these people come from unfriendly nations and have hostile objectives ; this mission is interfering in the internal affairs of pakistan ' . missione
security cover was indeed finally provided for the second half of our mission , but it came from the provincial governors and not from the federal authorities . missione
i would like to remind the council that the mission i led was not a parliament mission , it was an eu mission consisting of 88 dedicated people , who discharged their task professionally in line with internationally accepted criteria for election observation . missione
i and members of my core team also briefed heads of mission in islamabad on a weekly basis . missione
and even at the final debriefing of heads of mission in islamabad , little or no opposition to our analysis was expressed . missione
ironically , by comparison , the presidency strongly criticised the elections in togo on 27 october , where there was no eu observation mission , yet you chose to ignore the conclusion of the pakistan mission that had been operating for two and a half months . missione
and because your statement is being used by pakistan 's embassies worldwide to undermine our report , you betrayed the eu mission you sent into the field and i say on their behalf , shame on you . missione
i took part in the election mission to pakistan led by mr cushnahan , to whom we must all be grateful - i am , at least - for the rigorous and thorough nature of his work . missione
mr haarder , you know what affection and respect i have had for you since we worked together in the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , but i would like to ask you what the point is in sending a mission of european union electoral observers , the members of which behave in an exemplary manner at great risk to themselves , to carry out an assessment of the situation which furthermore is shared with other international missions , such as that of the commonwealth and that of anfrel , if then missione
in recent years , the commission has fulfilled its mission to hunt down state aid with a somewhat blind zeal , seeing aid to be criticised practically everywhere . compito
i would therefore call upon the council and the commission to proceed extremely cautiously during the eu troika mission to sudan , planned for 9 and 10 december . troika
the committee on budgets nonetheless considers that parliament should be able to examine closely the detailed proposals presented by the commission on each one of these actions , taking account of their repercussions , in particular on human resources , administrative spending and missions and comitology meetings . missioni
this mission has not been able to take place , however , due to the fact that neither of parliament 's two main groups , the ppe-de group and the pse group , was able to provide two meps . missione
in my view , it is a matter of regret , and particularly damaging , that parliament , which is in fact contributing to the development policy , is unable to intervene in a country at war , and is therefore content with observation missions or investigations into the massacres and does not take part in the prevention and the management of a conflict with such important implications as that affecting côte d 'ivoire , one of the most strategic countries in the whole of west africa . missioni
i therefore call on you , mr president , as i know that you are concerned by this matter , to enable a european parliament mission to visit côte d 'ivoire before the end of the year , since this is what president gbagbo , france and the west african development community countries have requested . missione
mr president , in order to add to the information you have provided on the possible mission to the ivory coast , there is firstly the issue of security and then , as well , that of carrying out the mission in relation to the acp assembly , because , in this type of case - and i had expressed this to mr scarbonchi , and i do not therefore understand the accusation directed at my group , bearing in mind that the president of the ivory coast is a vice-president of the socialist international - we must take special missione
the eu budget will , in the coming year , bear the joint costs of the police mission in bosnia . missione
during the mission , which took place in july 2002 , experts from the member states and the commission had an opportunity to visit the main border posts and the frontier areas most affected by illegal immigration , particularly from sub-saharan countries . missione
for example , imports from china of all products derived from farmed animals , including aquaculture , have been banned on the basis of the conclusions of an fvo mission , underpinned by discoveries of contaminated food . missione
some concerns have been raised - and the issue has been raised and the question sent to the commission by parliament - about the cancellation of fvo inspection missions to the third countries from which contaminated products have been identified . missioni
it is not necessary to send a mission team to establish what is already known . missione
it is premature to carry out a mission now , as the commission is not convinced that the necessary preparatory measures have been put in place . missione
however , in the coming months , fvo missions could be deemed necessary to assess the implementation of actions and the changes introduced by the third countries concerned in the area of residue monitoring . missioni
the fvo programme of inspection for 2003 mentions such missions . missioni
we have no alternative but to acknowledge the problem and therefore we regret the fact that the inspection mission did not go ahead , since we are convinced that you did not have sufficient reason . missione
i have also heard that you have announced inspection missions to those countries for next year . missioni
what reason do you now have to assume that those missions will be worthwhile ? missioni
he has just told us that the fvo missions to brazil and thailand , and probably elsewhere , were cancelled because 100 % testing is now in place within the member states . missioni
why are these missions being postponed ? missioni
finally , how soon will these proposed missions take place ? missioni
if the money is not available and that is why these fvo missions have been postponed - tell us so . missioni
this may pave the way for more ambitious missions in the future , including peace-enforcement operations in accordance with the un charter . missioni
i would also like to commend the courage of civilian and international missions , which with no power to intervene but the right to report and observe , are playing a moderating and protective role . missioni
the european union fully supports the policy of standards before status pursued by the un interim administration mission in kosovo to which i have just referred , endorsed by the un security council at its meeting of 24 april last year . missione
the programming document which governs the selection of projects sets out eligible themes for support , including freedom of expression for the independent media , which were then refined in the context of programming identification missions to 29 focus countries of the european initiative for democracy and human rights . missioni
the council has already expressed its appreciation for the role turkey assumed as lead nation for the international peacekeeping force and we would like to commend germany and the netherlands for agreeing to take over the command of ? saf for the next six months and wish them every success with this difficult mission . missione
unama , the united nations assistance mission to afghanistan , must stop funding these offending warlords immediately . missione
your mission is to drive industry onward , support it and , in tandem with it , to ensure that alternatives are developed quickly and equally quickly accepted . NULL
mr president , i have the pleasure of having a nephew , silvio nardini , my sister 's son - he does not know that i am mentioning him in the european parliament - whom i am very proud of because he is part of the european force involved in a peace mission in afghanistan : he is a ' top gun ' , as they say in films , but has his feet firmly on the ground . topgun
i would draw your attention in particular to the statements made by successive presidencies of the european union on 12 april and 10 october 2002 , by mission leaders on 8 december and by the high representative on 19 december . missione
with regard to paragraph 7 of your resolution , i would like to point out that in october the commission proposed to the government of equatorial guinea that a mission should be conducted to evaluate the overall application of activities associated with consolidating the rule of law and promoting and respecting human rights , as laid down in the cooperation programme . missione
the osce mission must be allowed to stay as an aid to that process , just as the russians are in kosovo . missione
the third attempt to construct a wall of silence around chechnya was the ending of the osce mission and the ejection of an international organisation which had made a major contribution to ending the previous chechen war through a negotiated settlement . missione
as you know , we hold meetings and telephone conversations practically every day with the most closely involved countries in the region : south korea , japan , china , russia , the united states , and in the general affairs council on monday the decision was taken , if necessary , to send a european union mission to north korea to present our position and also to cooperate in finding a solution to this dramatic problem which , if things carry on as they are , could lead to the existence of nuclear weapons of mass destruction in part missione
i have always believed that the terms of the un resolution obliged us to face two realities : first , we must make a serious effort to disarm through inspection ; second , if the inspectors make it clear that this is a case of mission impossible , we cannot avoid facing up to the consequences . missione
on the one hand , the security council has given the inspectors the green light they wanted to continue their mission in the short term ; on the other , the us-british armada in the gulf is increasing in size by the day , much like the pressure to launch a military attack . missione
mr brok , the chairman of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , mentioned our mission to iran , during which we talked to a few of the tragic people who had suffered the consequences of that misuse of weapons of mass destruction , with kuwaiti prisoners of war still being hidden and property still not returned . missione
saddam hussein would use their mission to claim that europe is divided and that he has some supporters in our continent . userebbe
our aim is to resolve the problem as quickly as possible , which is why yesterday 's general affairs council discussed recent developments in north korea and international efforts to alleviate the situation and find a solution , and what preconditions would attach to its sending a high-level union mission to pyongyang . delegazione
yesterday 's meeting agreed in principle that a mission was a good idea , with almost everyone emphasising the importance of involving north korea in the whole procedure at the highest possible level , including ? im jong-il personally . missione
it was decided that the preconditions , timing and composition of the mission would be determined in the immediate future and that , in the meantime , close contacts would be maintained with the main protagonists and our main counterparts . missione
finally , i welcome the european parliament 's intention to send a delegation to the 59th commission on human rights following last year 's successful visit , which provided the opportunity for productive exchanges between the eu heads of mission and the commission 's delegation in geneva . missioni
at the march conference , we must take tangible decisions such as sending a peace-keeping force to protect the civilian population in the occupied territories and refusing to allow israel to obstruct or even fire on humanitarian missions . missioni
mr president , as part of the mission of the unofficial delegation in iraq , i was able , along with three other members , to go to makhmour in the northern part of iraq , which is under iraqi sovereignty , close to the autonomous kurdish zone . a
at porto alegre , the movements confirmed their mission to become a kind of outpost for an attentive , active world public opinion , and this was quite clear , not least to the 700 members of parliament who were present and agreed on an agenda which i feel is worthy of mention here . vocazione
if liberalisation - a synonym for abandoning public service missions , combined with social regression for workers and serious violations of environmental and safety standards - is to fail , workers and users of port services must be rallied on a large scale . accompagnato
in addition , the government has invited the vice-chairperson of the council of europe parliamentary assembly 's committee on health to the slovak republic on a fact-finding mission . mission
here lies europe 's great mission . compito
the next item is the statement by the council and the commission on the military mission of the union in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia . missione
here i would like to address some of the concerns which may have emerged regarding the scope and the objective of the european union military mission . missione
as rightly pointed out in the motion for a resolution , the planned european union takeover of the nato military mission will be a further demonstration of the european union 's commitment to peace and stability in the country and in the region . missione
right now , the european union is planning a substantially larger operation for 2004 , which will involve taking over nato 's sfor missions in bosnia-herzegovina . subentro
military operations by the european union , such as are currently planned for the balkans , differ in one very important respect from missions undertaken by nato . missioni
petersberg missions by the european union will always be mounted in tandem with the eu 's involvement in the region affected by a crisis , whether such involvement be political and diplomatic , or economic and financial . NULL
cooperation between civilians and the armed forces under the flag of the european union will always be an important dimension of the overall mission . missioni
item 6 of our resolution lists the questions that we could discuss at an early stage of such missions , such as , for example , with what mandate and with what objectives the mission is being undertaken ; what relationship exists between the troops in the regions under eu and nato command respectively ; how they cooperate with other organisations active in the region , such as the un and the osce ; how these missions in macedonia and , next year , in bosnia and herzegovina fit into the overall framework of the stability and association process in operazioni
in the future , eu missions will always have the marked character of being both civil and military , and they will operate in crisis-hit regions in which the european union has already made political or humanitarian commitments , or in which , once a crisis operation is over , it will be involving itself in reconstruction and development . operazioni
this first mission in macedonia sees us - even parliament - breaking new ground . operazione
it is for that reason that the committee on foreign affairs ' resolution proposes that we should , in the coming months , send a fact-finding delegation to the theatre of operations , in order to enable us meps to get our own picture of how the european union 's first military mission works . missione
even if the council has not officially consulted us , we in the european parliament will not divest ourselves of our responsibility for giving the soldiers from our member states the parliamentary support that is their due and , in so far as we are able to do so , supporting the mission as a whole . operazione
the military mission must of course help make these positive developments permanent . missione
it has taken a while to conclude the mandate of the mission because the european union cannot of course undertake this mission without the support of nato and cooperation with it . missione
i hope that a successful mission will also provide a stimulus to maintaining the necessary tempo in setting up the rapid reaction force and in the development and implementation of a more coordinated arms procurement policy . NULL
a military presence is still necessary to deliver a secure atmosphere and the eu mission can and should carry out tasks such as weapons collection and training . missione
in the whole debate about the possibility and desirability of a european foreign policy the mission in macedonia is often dismissed as insignificant , a mission that means nothing and from which we must not draw undue conclusions . missione
all of us present here know that it is impossible either for national parliaments or for this parliament to influence the mandate and the progress of this mission , or of future missions . missione
it is a mission involving , if we have rightly understood , 500 men , including those in command . missione
finally , and most importantly , there is no real clear goal for the presence of our forces and we have not been told under what circumstances the mission would come to an end , because the causes of conflict are always there , in particular the gradual albanianisation of an area that was previously largely populated by slavs . missione
in short , contrary to what the committee on foreign affairs purports , the mission is not really taking over from nato . missione
apart from that , mr gollnisch , i take the view that our taking over from nato responsibility for the mission in macedonia is an historic event . operazione
thirdly , i turn to costs , on which i have questions about both the civilian and military sides of this mission . operazione
it is my view that both the convention and the new constitutional treaty will , in future , have to make it possible for the military costs of the mission , as well as the civilian ones , to be borne by the budget of the european union . operazione
that is why this joint response force has to be built up by 2003 , and the fact that we will then be making a start , albeit with a small mission , is , i believe , an important step in terms of european integration policy , whilst underlining at the same time the fact that it is being taken in cooperation with the americans and with nato , rather than in opposition to them . missione
building on this and , in the event of future missions , such as the taking over of the sfor mandate , informing this parliament in due time , is an important step , and what mr von wogau said about giving this its own firm place in the european constitution is something i can unreservedly endorse . operazioni
mr president , commissioner , the first military mission of the european union coincides with an historic moment and , i regret to say , possible further destabilisation in the balkans , which shows just how fragile the fabric is . missione
i think the two-month period requested for the european community for initial monitoring of the results of the mission is too short . missione
now , and without adequate consultation with the united states , the european union is preparing to take over the nato mission in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia and apparently plans to assume the military responsibilities in bosnia . missione
a preparatory mission , led by the commission and consisting of experts on elections and representatives of the member states , was in cambodia from 27 january to 4 february . missione
it is on the basis of the information they brought back with them that a decision will be taken on whether , and if so how , to support the electoral process , and , above all , on whether sending an eu mission to observe the elections on 27 july makes sense , is advisable or , indeed , feasible . elettorali
all those in cambodia with whom we have entered into dialogue have spoken in favour of the eu being involved in the electoral process and have expressed the view that the observers ' mission at the time of last year 's local elections had done a great deal to further a climate of confidence and transparency during the election process . missione
the outcome of the preparatory mission , which drew attention both to positive and objectionable aspects of the preparations for the elections , led the eu member states to endorse the commission 's recommendation that a mission be sent to observe the forthcoming elections . missione
since january this year , echo has carried out three missions to iraq itself to assess the situation and prepare for possible operations . missioni
it has also conducted several missions to neighbouring countries . missioni
this week i communicated precisely the concerns you mentioned on the last occasion to the ambassador of the mission of the republic of cuba . missione
they said , or rather mr elbaradei said , that there were no nuclear weapons , and that they had found none , and mr blix said that his mission had been successful and that we could , given a couple more months , disarm iraq peacefully . aggiungeva
so i urge you to get into gear and get a move on once and for all , so that we can come to a speedy decision on this matter and do justice to our historic mission ! compito
a survey by the assistants ' association concluded that a number of years ago 53 % of assistants had no medical cover , 46 % were not insured against accidents in the workplace and 53 % had no travel insurance while on mission . missioni
that study is now available , and it reveals that having three places of work costs eur 169 million per year : eur 120 million for the infrastructure , eur 40 million for extra staff and missions and eur 9 million for miscellaneous costs . missione
three missions from headquarters and the field have visited iraq since january this year . missioni
echo will restart needs assessment and monitoring missions as soon as security conditions allow . missioni
in addition , europol 's structure , working methods , fields of activity and missions would be defined in a codecision procedure by the european parliament and the council . missioni
what is questionable , however , is the way in which the european union is proceeding , whether it is proving equal to the historic mission with which it has now been entrusted in fulfilment of europe 's historical destiny and whether it is taking a sufficiently balanced approach to that mission . missione
the commission , for example , may be bankrolling police support in post-conflict situations as in bosnia and herzegovina , where on 1 january the european union took over the police mission from the united nations ; or we may be arranging for the training of border services where uncontrolled mass migration is generating conflict ; or we may be helping to re-establish administrative structures in countries that are emerging from crises , as we have seen in the balkans and as we can see in afghanistan today . missione
that is why this report expresses our support for all those in the convention who favour updating the petersberg tasks , who are in favour of a vanguard of member states being able to undertake military crisis missions , who support a european armaments agency in some form , who advocate a european support and solidarity clause and who , in particular , seek the introduction of majority decisions in foreign policy and enhanced cooperation in defence policy - both of which are of crucial importance . missioni
in bosnia , we are now represented by a police mission . missione
next year , we may well be taking over the sfor mission from nato . missione
the substance of this report warrants our support , because it is based on fundamental points on which there is consensus in the european parliament and amongst the union 's citizens , specifically respect for the principles of the united nations charter and international law , a framework of common external policy guidelines encompassing security and defence policy , the need to accept joint european responsibilities in the field of security and defence policy , starting with military support for humanitarian aid missions , conflict prevention and resolution and maintaining both transatlantic relations and a multilateral approach . missioni
where do the famous petersberg-type force and missions stand ? missioni
these bonds alone would be enough to prove the real nature and mission of the famous esdp . missione
the european commission has already dispatched a needs-assessment mission to iraq . missione
unmovic and the international atomic energy agency should return to iraq at the earliest opportunity and complete their mission . missione
when negotiations started , it was agreed by both the negotiating missions that the agreement would not have any repercussions whatsoever on the relative positions of the member states and of the united states of america with regard to requests by the international criminal court for a person to be handed over . incaricate
we heartily support the efforts by holland which , in its capacity as chairmanship-in-office of the osce , is holding discussions with the russian government in connection with the modus operandi of a new osce mission in chechnya . missione
the ? u will continue to exert pressure within the framework of political dialogue and at various levels , especially through the head of missions in abuja , stressing that nigeria must ensure that the constitution remains the supreme law in its country . missioni
it is one of the few areas in which i have noticed that all political groups in this house had very little difference at the end of the day , and certainly our mission was exactly the same . obiettivo
it sends a handful of lightly-armed un soldiers , described by uganda 's president , mr museveni , as constituting a worthless mission . missione
the attitude adopted by this united nations body borders on the absurd , because this mission , which took place at the beginning of may , was only undertaken as a result of immense pressure by taiwan . missione
a preparatory mission of experts is currently in the field . missione
without this universal service , however , which is an essential prerequisite , there should never have been an attempt to challenge , at european level , the public service missions defined in the member states . missioni
these missions follow definitions and methods of funding decided and guaranteed according to specific territorial , legal or constitutional requirements . missioni
under the principle of subsidiarity , according to which measures are to be taken at the most effective level , only the member states are capable of carrying out these missions to meet the demands of their citizens . missioni
hence the need to specify the ecb 's mission as follows : ' the main objective of the european system of central banks is to maintain price stability . missione
this clarification of the mission of monetary policy is vital if europe does not want to suffocate in formal stability , which , ultimately , is unproductive . NULL
at the same time we deployed an election observation mission . missione
the mission has concluded its operation in nigeria and i am delighted that mr van den berg will be able to present his findings to parliament here today . missione
the head of the mission and his team did an extremely professional job . missione
the election observation mission dealt formidably with the challenges of a long deployment , the challenges of working in a large and complex country , and the challenge as well of dealing with three difficult election days . missione
what the european union election observation mission saw was , as parliament will know , disappointing . missione
instead of verifying and addressing shortcomings , they criticised our election observation mission . missione
they did not question reported facts , but rather said they were questioning the mission 's cultural understanding of those facts . missione
it is important to note that the findings of domestic observer groups , which had deployed almost 50 000 observers covering one third of all polling stations , were very similar to those of the european union 's election observation mission . missione
i decline to take the view that we should hedge the conclusions of our election observation missions around with political considerations . missioni
however convenient it may seem to some to bowdlerise the conclusions of missions , however inconvenient it may seem to some to tell the truth about what experienced observers have seen on the ground , we have to be absolutely clear on every occasion that our election observation missions have the job of telling it as it is . missioni
they have done an outstanding job and i hope that the house will continue to provide equally effective heads for these missions in the years ahead . missioni
madam president , i have the honour today of presenting the eu observation mission 's final report on the elections in nigeria , which is being handed out as i speak . missione
secondly , the mission , invited by the nigerian government , was the longest and most extensive mission which the eu has ever accomplished . missione
the findings of our mission have been widely discussed , both worldwide and within nigeria . missione
i would like to point out that , immediately after responding to the secretary-general that the european union was prepared to carry out this task , the security council approved resolution 1484 which defines the limits of this mission both in terms of space and in terms of time . missione
and in this regard , at a time when ambassador moratinos is on the point of finishing his mission , i believe it should be noted in the minutes that this group thanks him , as does the whole of parliament i hope , for the tireless work he has done over all these years . incarico
finally , my colleague , mr erkki liikanen , and myself are planning to present a communication on commercial and industrial policy in the textiles and clothing sector after 2005 to the members of the commission next autumn and then to parliament and the council in order to provide - as is our mission - all the parties concerned with a clear , predictable and coherent framework that will enable them , for their part , to plan their strategies , investments and activities . compito
despite the crisis , there has been a feeling of unity , a feeling of cohesion , a feeling of a common mission . missione
as a result , a european union force is now in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , there is a policing mission in bosnia-herzegovina and we are also discussing the military mission to bosnia-herzegovina to take over the current activities of the ? ? ? ? force there . missione
it should be stressed , however , that the commission 's food and veterinary office has carried out missions in spain in order to verify the correct implementation of the community provisions with regard to the control and eradication of bse in 2001 and 2002 . missioni
secondly , the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy is also seeking special attention for the eu police mission in bosnia and herzegovina . missione
although the mission is being conducted more than adequately , we are receiving various signals that necessary materiel is sometimes being supplied too late or not at all . missione
the european union 's continuing attention was made clear through the recent visit in april to chechnya itself of the troika of heads of mission in moscow as well as through support for the resumption of the osce 's activities in the region , which i mentioned earlier . missione
during this meeting , all the members of the security council were asked to strive to find a solution which would preserve both the integrity of the rome statute and the smooth operation of peace missions : two factors which are clearly not incompatible . operazioni
recently , it has become clear from the lra 's order to attack catholic missions that the sudanese government has renewed its support for the lra , providing sophisticated heavy armaments . missioni
the crazy orders were given over the frequency used by the network of two-way radios belonging to the catholic missions of northern uganda . missioni
i underline , along with my colleagues in parliament and the commission , the importance we attach to this mission . missione
the union 's heads of mission will continue to monitor the situation of political prisoners and conditions in which they are being held in havana . capimissione
in actual fact , as has already been pointed out , the union 's activity in this field covers a very wide range of different initiatives , from the measures contained in the reports of the heads of mission to public statements . capimissione
that is why we must remind ourselves of the appalling attack in baghdad on the un mission , express our deep condolences to the families of those who have been killed and injured and note the appalling , tragic and untimely death of mr sergio vieira de mello , an outstanding human rights defender . bagdad
very selective use of mission work in developing countries can bring substantial benefit to the very poorest in these countries for very low sums of money . NULL
it is also very important to me that the eu can become more social , although this presupposes that we stick to the goals and values set out in part i. what that means is that , if we are to have the social mission , as incorporated in the convention 's draft , the intergovernmental conference must resist the european central bank 's insistence that this provision be revised . mandato
we cannot afford to wait and see , for the us is on a unilateral mission . missione
is it not paradoxical that the wto puts up fences to keep its critics out , while its alleged mission is to tear down trade barriers for the good of the world 's population ? innalzi
we have also carried out a mission in italy - the country currently holding the council presidency - calling for strengthening of this body , not least as part of the overall programme of the european presidency . missione
i am disappointed by the way that three council presidencies have told us that this resolution would , at last , be activated if we were to give eur 10 million for the police mission . missione
i would also like to point out that our group has always called for funding for this police mission . missione
concerning the specific question of certain public works studies , the commission can confirm that , in the course of a regularly scheduled on-the-spot control mission concerning the egnatia project , which is co-financed by the eu , in particular through the trans-european network – ten-t – and the structural funds , some issues have been identified which show that the practices in greece for the award of study contracts may not be compatible with public procurement rules and thus require further clarification . egnatia
this need is highlighted by the success of this week 's common mission to iran , and is underlined by the desperate need for europe to maintain pressure through the quartet dealing with the middle east peace process . missione
the proposed multilateralism remains , therefore , a facade . the old imperialist vision of a civilising mission on the part of europe , shared with the united states and including military options , has just been readjusted . missione
the resolution does allude to aid , in particular for the economic reconstruction of the country , but it gives much more attention to the financing of african forces working to restore and maintain peace and the despatch of a mission of european senior military officials to meet their counterparts in the burundi regular army . missione
decentralised community bodies have specific missions according to their respective founding regulations . missioni
it is important that the president of parliament expresses our sympathy for the victims and our condolences to their families tomorrow , but i feel that it is also appropriate to thank all the armed forces of all the european countries who are currently on peace missions throughout the world . missioni
those young men and women , dedicated , were enthusiastic and committed to their mission , which was to assure peace and relieve the suffering of the population in that war-torn region . missione
at this moment , your and my thoughts are with those mourning in italy , to whom we extend the sympathy of all the people of europe at the death of the 19 young men on a peace mission . missione
be patient : minus the beautiful baroque art of bernini , this is the europe of the counter-reformation , of the era when the undiluted perversion of the policies of the pope-king made dante alighieri call a ‘ shameless whore ’ the see which exploited the story and mission of christ in the interests of the most abasing worldly affairs – in the vatican at that time but i say it is happening today too . missione
mr president , on behalf of my group , i would like once again to express our sympathy for the victims of the massacres of nasiriya , for their families and for all the european armed forces engaged throughout the world in peace missions combating terrorism missione
we sustained constant diplomatic activity , which took the form , not least , of a series of numerous eu ministerial troika missions to africa . missioni
mr president , since that mission to the côte d 'ivoire by acp and european parliament parliamentarians in may 2003 it has become increasingly clear that the linas-marcoussis agreement is a rather imperfect instrument . missione
it should be our mission to encourage the taking of still greater steps , but the committee ’ s report is a disappointment as far as that is concerned . compito
however , in order to avoid privatisation having a negative character , the basic rules governing the mission of services of general interest , including their basic operating and funding principles , need to be respected . missione
our resolution will be a balanced resolution if we accept the compatibility of the rule of competition with the mission of the social state . missione
following a first assessment mission which took place between 29 and 31 december , echo dispatched a second experts ’ mission to bam between 5 and 8 january to review the situation , assess further needs and coordinate with the other agencies present on the ground . missione
i would like to underline that the food and veterinary office of the commission has carried out a series of audit missions in the member states in recent years in order to clearly assess the situation of potato production in the community . missioni
we call on the un security council to consider the rapid constitution and deployment of a un peacekeeping operation to support the peace process at this crucial moment and to strengthen and complement the african union 's peacekeeping mission , which has already been deployed . missione
i would like to tell the house that on learning of his appointment he told me and some parliamentary colleagues that he had a premonition about going there , but he brushed that aside and set about fulfilling his mission there . missione
it is typical of the man that he died trying to fulfil his mission of peace . missione
he then , in peril of his own life , spent five years participating in the peace process , drawing on the wide experience he had gained from his missions in trouble spots on four continents . missioni
the commission did not wait for the establishment of the peace support facility to prepare an emergency programme to support african union peace-keeping in burundi and to make available eur 25 million for the african mission in burundi , keeping the peace on the ground . missione
what would be best – and what we demand – is that this should be done through the mediation of the united nations , and that the un mission must be re-established to work together with the haitian police . missione
in the meantime , we ask for the restoration of the united nations mission working with the haitian police , the disbandment of the so-called special brigades – as suggested by the un special envoy – and the disarming of the militias . missione
– mr president , commissioner , we have just heard the usa declare that they want to make a massive commitment to space and again invest a great deal of money in it : settlements on the moon , a mission to mars – pictures of which we see almost daily ; this , i believe , is where galileo is a very important and good sign for europe ’ s economic and technological future . missione
the un peace missions in east timor , sierra leone and liberia , together with the reconstruction of afghanistan , as well as the humanitarian work for children and the fight against hunger and diseases all indicate that the un continues to play an essential role in establishing peace and security . missioni
one year ago , secretary-general , almost to the day , the european parliament adopted a resolution in support of the mission of the united nations inspectors in iraq . missione
it was possible to organise and carry out four joint missions in 2003 . missioni
for funding , commissioner , it is vital that the centre have its own line in the budget and appropriations which will allow it to respond to its difficult mission . missione
in summing up this morning 's debate , i would like to focus on three central issues in the proposal which have been key areas of concern : the mission and the tasks of the centre ; the possible extension of its sphere of operation ; and the composition of the management board . missione
i was very interested to go back and re-read the report of the european union 's election observation mission to the cambodian national elections in july last year . riletto
in passing , let me say once again what an exceptionally important role these election observations missions play in the development of democracy around the world . missioni
heads of our european union missions in islamabad have discussed the issue on several occasions with the pakistani authorities , including mr kasuri . missioni
we welcome the agreement of the parties to resume the negotiation process for a comprehensive settlement of the cyprus problem within the framework of the secretary-general 's mission of good offices . missione
in a recent joint report requested by the council of the european union , heads of mission in tel aviv , jerusalem and ramallah confirmed these restrictions , which have been progressively identified and which have a considerable impact on the freedom of movement of european union citizens , representatives of churches , journalists , ngos and even european union officials and diplomatic staff . missioni
the european commission has granted financial assistance to the mission of the organisation of american states in haiti in the sum of eur 1.25 million . missione
the european union strongly supports the special representative of the united nations secretary-general in kosovo , harri holkeri , the united nations mission in kosovo and kfor in their determined efforts to stabilise the situation and to ensure the full implementation of security council resolution 1244 . missione
to this end , political leaders in kosovo must now work more closely with the united nations mission in kosovo and with kfor for the protection of the rights of all sections of the population , including members of minority communities . missione
the european union ’ s progressive approach to sustainable development is well known , and we also anticipate a response from the world bank that will be consistent with its overall mission , in particular in poverty reduction and the promotion of sustainable development . missione
secondly , i think that the united nations transitional administration has discredited itself so much that it should be replaced there by a european civilian administration , which could be better controlled and which would – if it avoids the mistakes that unmik ( united nations interim administration mission in kosovo ) made – enjoy more respect . transitoria
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i was part of the mission which my party sent to galicia immediately after the accident and i remember how shocked we were by the sight of the beaches and by the despair of the residents of the area . missione
my mission for the last five years has been to try to reform the institutions to make them more legitimate and credible in the eyes of our citizens . missione
what sort of state is it that will operate as an umbrella for two practically independent states , which will even be able to send representatives to european councils and diplomatic missions , two states which will need special agreements in order to regulate their relations , while being at the mercy of the guarantor powers and foreign courts ? missioni
i believe that the setting up of the esdp mission in bosnia and herzegovina and the setting up of peace-keeping operations elsewhere in the world are signs of the european union ’ s growing foreign policy agenda and of the attempts of member states to speak with a single voice in the international arena . missione
decisions have been taken on greater cooperation between the εu and the usa in order to intervene and crush nations , on disgraceful cooperation with the occupying government in iraq , on a european army mission to bosnia-herzegovina , the scope of action of which is to be extended as far as armenia , azerbaijan and georgia , and on the application of the american / nato plan on the middle east . missione
– mr president , i should like us to take this opportunity in plenary to express our deepest regret and mourning at the loss of petros , patriarch of alexandria and all africa who , together with the seventeen members of his mission and the crew , died in a tragic aviation accident last saturday , the accident which you too referred to , for which i thank you . missione
i must point out that , from the outset , the spanish authorities have considered that assistance to be necessary , that there is now a technical assistance mission heading for turkey and that , in relation to this case , we will once again have to consider whether the players operating in this tangle of legislation and maritime traffic have or have not met their obligations : the company , the authorities , the captain , etc . missione
the office for democratic institutions and human rights of the osce has established a mission of electoral observers for the parliamentary elections . missione
this election and referendum are so important that our political group , the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , is calling in its resolution for an observers ’ mission to be sent to belarus and for a report to be drawn up . delegazione
we are therefore opposed to parliament sending any diplomatic missions to belarus or to it drawing up joint reports . missioni
to tell the truth , i am not particularly optimistic about the success of this mission , because as josef stalin once said , ‘ it ’ s not who votes that counts , it ’ s who counts the votes ’ , and a decision has already been taken on how the votes will be counted . missione
i repeat the commission ’ s readiness to provide funds for reconstruction and rehabilitation in the north caucasus , as soon as the security situation permits , and once a needs assessment mission to moscow and the north caucasus can be undertaken . missione
in iraq , i also instituted the eu exploratory mission , which has now returned . missione
the mission did not only have talks with the iraqi authorities , but also with representatives of the united nations , the united states , nato , the multinational force and the election committee . missione
what is of importance now is for a fact-finding mission to visit iraq and to give a more definite picture of the possibilities for eu action . missione
the council secretariat will start planning a mission of this kind in consultation with the commission and the presidency . missione
but i should be clear that , under the current circumstances , we cannot and will not propose a conventional election observation mission – that would be simply impossible , as honourable members in this chamber who themselves have taken a lead in election observation missions will know . missione
in conclusion , to all those who are in iraq , to the soldiers on peace-keeping missions , to the ngos , which with admirable perseverance have chosen to stay and carry on their work of aiding the civilian population , to the victims ’ families and , at this moment , if i may , especially to the families of the hostages – to all of them i believe the whole chamber here in strasbourg should raise its voice loud and clear in solidarity and fellow feeling . missione
finally , the european union mission should be in baghdad , not in amman , which is a long way from the iraqi capital . missione
my questions are concrete and i should say beforehand that i welcome the proposal by the president-in-office of the council to perhaps send a fact-finding mission to iraq later on this year . missione
the importance that the dutch presidency attaches to the western balkans is apparent from the various other ministerial meetings , including the very first meeting of the stability association council with the fyrom and the preparations for the first military mission , operation altea , in bosnia and herzegovina . operazione
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , parliament ’ s attention , and that of the commission and the council , ought to be directed , as others have stated here , towards the pathetic way in which the pathetic mission by the dutch vessel ended and towards the unbridled , irresponsible propaganda on illegal abortion that women can carry out themselves , by means of the illegal acquisition and use of medicines . autoprocurato
the decisions about eu peace missions in the area are the climax so far of interventionist action by the eu in vojvodina and constitute a direct threat of possible military intervention due to the presence of eu military forces in bosnia-herzegovina and the fyrom and the presence of occupying forces in kosovo . missioni
i would already like to give this fact-finding mission a number of urgent questions to take with them , questions that i would also like to address to the council and commission . missione
on 22-24 august , the eu presidency led a fact-finding mission that met with various ministers , some of the detainees and several eyewitnesses . missione
the mission led to an official eu démarche on 6 september , which was not well received by the maldives government , and to a strong public statement calling on the president to release prisoners , lift the state of emergency and continue with constitutional reforms . NULL
if i had to sum it all up in two words , i would know exactly which ones to choose : ‘ mission accomplished ’ dovessi
i would like to congratulate mr prodi on having accomplished his mission . missione
the eu ’ s commitment in this region has certainly been stepped up , as you said , in the form of the eu ’ s special representative and the rule of law mission to georgia – a first , as you emphasised . missione
the council and the commission need to allocate funds for this , in order to set up the necessary visa information system and ensure the availability of experts to carry out missions to the new member states . missioni
we will be reducing some of the appropriations for mission expenses , secretarial allowances , translation and interpretation costs , as well as expenditure on publishing and information . missioni
at this time , what we must do is decide how parliament will behave towards a commission led by a strong president with a clear mission to ensure that the european project and the balance between the member states will be safeguarded . progetto
however , the contracting , which obviously takes some time , cannot begin until the head of mission has been appointed and has engaged his own staff . missione
special missions will of course also be sent to turkey in the event that this is necessary . NULL
third countries may only export food products to the eu if stringent conditions are met and a verification mission has been carried out by the food and veterinary office . missione
these findings confirm the results of earlier fvo missions . missioni
the council will also discuss positive action , including the support the eu can offer to the recently approved extension of the african union 's mission in darfur . missione
you do not have an easy life , and you have embarked upon a difficult mission . missione
india has a long tradition of independent and non-aligned foreign policy and of participation in un international peacekeeping missions , such as in cyprus , for example . missioni
the extent and character of the irregularities observed by the osce international election observation mission raise serious doubts whether the results reflect the will of the belarussian electorate at all . missione
as pointed out in the preliminary findings of the international election observation mission of the osce office for democratic institutions and human rights , the extent and the seriousness of irregularities during the electoral period and the voting day itself raise serious doubts as to whether the results of the elections fully reflect the will of the belarussian electorate . missione
i was a member of the observation mission sent to monitor the elections , and i saw for myself the way in which they were conducted . missione
it is cause for gratitude that the european parliament , like the eu ’ s member states and the commission , is sending observers to participate in the osce ’ s international election observation mission . missione
i will act as chairman of parliament ’ s observation mission , and i can assure you that the message we are taking to ukraine is a positive one . missione
the basis for our opinion on the process will be the report of the osce election observation mission . missione
the eu provides about half of the observers for this mission . missione
the eu ’ s heads of mission in belgrade have been asked to draw up a report on the situation in the province with a general overview of the inter-ethnic relations and more information about recent incidents . missione
the report by the heads of mission , published on 15 september , states that although it appears that inter-ethnic intolerance has increased , the incidents – however disquieting – have generally been on a small scale and there does not seem to be a clear trend . missione
the next item is council and commission statements on the althea mission in bosnia herzegovina . missione
like the first eu police mission , the first military operation will take place in bosnia and herzegovina . missione
the eu military mission , together with other eu activities such as the eu police mission , the eu monitoring mission and the cards development programme , will complement that process missione
the launching of the althea mission is an important event : important because it will be the first significant military operation undertaken under the european security and defence policy . NULL
i know some will be concerned that a brand new military mission in bosnia sends a signal that the country continues to suffer from significant instability . missione
there is no question of keeping troops in bosnia unnecessarily ; as soon as conditions permit , the number of troops can be reduced and eventually the mission will come to an end . missione
in my experience , people in bosnia take a generally favourable view of this mission . missione
no date has as yet been given for the eu ’ s mission to end , but it cannot be the intention that a military force should simply remain in place until such time as bosnia is ready to join the european union . missione
so it is that normalisation is the objective , and hence it is also necessary that the european council , having resolved upon this mission , should also , and as soon as possible , devise some kind of exit strategy which might well be connected with the stabilisation and association process . missione
the eu is committed to respecting human rights , and that must be conspicuous in all action associated with the althea mission , whether it concerns the treatment of prisoners or those being detained , or any action . missione
a parliamentary delegation will inspect the work of the althea mission next year , and , in addition to all its other responsibilities , it should also be given the opportunity to make an evaluation of respect for human rights . missione
if it should turn out to be the case that this is the keystone to which you , mr nicolaï , referred , i would like us to take another step forward , politically speaking , by expressly calling on the bosnian government to invite us to undertake this mission . missione
i am still to some degree reassured by the fact that nato is still there , and still , too , involved in the european althea mission in bosnia-herzegovina . missione
if anything , the althea mission is something for europe to be modest about . missione
this is a first for the union ; apart from the symbolic fact that it will allow the 7 000 soldiers already serving under the aegis of nato now to wear the 12-star symbol on the sleeves of their uniforms , the mission does , in any event , mean a greater european presence and hence greater visibility for the union in the balkans . missione
the military peacekeeping mission under the aegis of the union from 2 december is there for this purpose . missione
the mission is part of a coordinated and coherent approach including also the stabilisation and association process , which will , i hope , make further progress in view of the disconcerting fact that 16 points are still outstanding . missione
lord ashdown will have an important role in ensuring that the althea eufor mission does not practice arbitrary arrests or ill-treatment of detainees . missione
it is a good thing that with this , its first major joint military mission with an extended mandate , the eu is taking on far greater responsibility in this part of europe , and aiming in the long term to ensure that bosnia and herzegovina can be stable , at peace , multi-ethnic , and capable of cooperating at regional and international level . missione
the first is that , as chairman of the delegation for relations with albania , bosnia and herzegovina , and serbia and montenegro ( including kosovo ) , i am delighted that the military mission – which is still necessary – is now in european hands and backing up the eu ’ s great financial and civilian commitment under the leadership of commissioner patten . missione
the success of our mission – political , economic and military – is the litmus test for our foreign and security policy . missione
fourthly , how will cooperation between the police mission and eufor be organised ? missione
moreover , eufor is the name by which the mission is already being welcomed on great big posters in sarajevo , so let us leave it at that and chuck althea out with the junk where it belongs ! missione
mr president , althea is a practical test for the european union ’ s ability to guarantee , through its foreign and security policy , stability on its own continent , and it is with a great deal of excitement that we await this mission , which can be a success only if it , once and for all , puts a face and a name to our policy on south-eastern europe . missione
i welcome the eu ’ s decision to have recourse to nato assets and capabilities for the althea mission , thereby confirming the collaboration between the two organisations and implementing the agreement of december 2002 on eu access to nato planning and command facilities ( ' berlin plus ' ) . missione
it has been written that this ‘ mission ’ will step up the ‘ preparation for bosnia and herzegovina ’ s eventual accession to the eu ’ . missione
lastly , among many other points too numerous to list here , parliament regrets that the approximately eur 71 million , officially earmarked as the cost of the ‘ mission ’ , are not covered by the community budget . missione
. – the declarations by the commission and the decision by the εu to organise a mission code-named ' althea ' to send an expeditionary force of 7 000 soldiers to bosnia-herzegovina in order to change the guard , in order to replace the occupying military forces of the usa and nato , confirm the aggressive and imperialistic character of the εu and its identification with the strategy of the usa against the people . missione
when i was there around a year ago on an acp-ep mission , there was a great deal of talk from the north and the south , the rebels and the government , about which side was responsible for the failure of the linas-marcoussis agreement . missione
to date , ethiopia refuses to accept the award of the village of badme to eritrea by the international border commission , and there is a 4 200-strong un peace mission at the border , although their work is made difficult by ethiopia 's failure to permit demarcation and eritrea 's restrictions on un actions . missione
it is clear from the osce electoral observation mission ’ s reports of grave and really systematic irregularities that the results as officially announced do not correspond to what the ukrainian electorate wanted , and it follows that the eu as a whole , and hence also the commission , cannot accept the results of the elections . missione
he then had these discussions on 25 november – as this is well-known , i will not discuss it at length – and it was on this basis that the first conciliation mission was sent , which involved poland ’ s president kwaśniewksi , lithuania ’ s president adamkus and the high representative javier solana seeking out facts and , of course , engaging in constant dialogue . missione
undoubtedly one of the most important missions of the european union is to promote democracy and the rule of law . missioni
lech wałęsa ’ s journey to ukraine on a mission of solidarity was proof of this . missione
in order to prevent such a disaster , the european parliament should adopt the motion for a resolution by acclamation and without amendment , and it should be taken to kiev by the european parliament ’ s mission . missione
it is our mission . missione
it is understandable that the size of the observation mission should also attract comment . missione
the current involvement of the organisation of american states in the ‘ mission of support for the peace process in colombia ’ and the mexican government ’ s mediation between the colombian government and the both represent very valuable contributions . missione
their mission on that occasion was to perfect a fuel airbomb with specialist equipment provided by the ira . missione
– mr president , a month has now passed since i drew parliament ’ s attention to the fact that on 16 september we adopted a resolution stating that a fact-finding mission would be sent to vojvodina to report on acts of violence against national minorities . invio
why does it take four and a half months to send a fact-finding mission ? inchiesta
the european union would be making a grave error if , after many years of promises to turkey , it were now to turn round suddenly and say no at a time when turkey is taking its mission seriously . compito
if a modern , democratic and free turkey joins , the european union will have accomplished its mission . missione
this house believes you have every intention of fulfilling the incoming commission ’ s historic mission . missione
nonetheless , if the commission ’ s actions are characterised by inertia , and if its strategic political approach fails to take these two new parameters into account , the mission will not be accomplished , mr president of the commission . missione
operation ' althea ' is working successfully and three other ongoing missions are examples of solid progress . missioni
the eu has thus played a key role in support of an au-led ceasefire monitoring mission and is now actively supporting the deployment of the expanded mission . missione
almost 60 per cent of the total cost of the expanded au mission is financed by a contribution of some eur 80 million from the peace facility , and several member states are providing additional financial and logistical support for the mission as well as planners and military observers . missione
the council has repeatedly , most recently on the occasion of its meeting on 22 november , confirmed its readiness to continue to provide support for the deployment of the mission in terms of financing , logistics and material , as well as personnel if requested . missione
the council considers that the deployment of the expanded au mission in darfur , together with the eu-led negotiations between the parties to find a political solution for darfur , offers an opportunity for a comprehensive solution to the darfur conflict . missione
your support for the democracy movement in ukraine or the forthcoming eu election observer mission to palestine , the west bank and gaza are eloquent examples , and all i can say is that i believe we will work well together here . missione
sadly , the only visibility of the eu 's democracy activities in the new neighbourhood seems to be short observation missions by members of the european parliament , such as those undertaken recently in ukraine . missioni
i believe that all significant elections in the new neighbourhood should be the subject of full eu observation missions . missioni
parliament wishes to be informed and to know the results and the progress of the application of this project and wants these programmes to provide funding , as the commissioner has pointed out , for peace missions and missions of electoral observers . missioni
i should not like us to confine ourselves to election observation missions , which very often cannot actually be taken very seriously if you consider that they only last one day . missioni
so there is a lot of development of participatory democracy , fostering informed pluralistic discourse with civil society , targeting freedom of association , freedom of expression , independent press , broadcasting , unimpeded access to the internet , and election observation missions . missioni
therefore i hope that we in parliament , and the council and the commission , will provide the maximum possible support for election-observer missions at all levels . missioni
monuc , the un peacekeeping mission in the congo , was supposed to disarm and neutralise the rebels , but has failed to do so . missione
we also regret the need but welcome the fact that the un department of peace-keeping operations has set up a special investigative team to look at the cases of sexual abuse and exploitation perpetrated by some of its own members in the un organising mission in the drc , particularly in bunia . missione
i refer in particular to the key principles of the open market economy in which competition is free ; to the fact that the european central bank can no longer have liberal statutes or a liberal mission ; to the commission ’ s discretionary powers as regards competition or indeed the blatant subordination of all european security and defence policy to the policy formed within nato . missione
i wish to thank my colleagues – there were 28 of us , the largest ever delegation of the european parliament – the vice-chairman , mrs napoletano , and the staff who accompanied us and prepared the observation mission . missione
accordingly , articles 115 to 122 of part iii , for example , state that the various policies of the eu must ensure that equality between men and women is promoted , that the environment is protected , that consumers are protected , that social rights such as employment are guaranteed and that public services or services of general economic interest have the necessary conditions to fulfil their missions . compiti
we see this as a major opportunity to revitalise our partnership and define common priorities and missions . missioni
however , i also saw the overall picture as reported by the osce election observation mission . missione
i can assure you that the ec delegation to the kingdom of cambodia , in collaboration with the member states ' missions in the country , will follow closely the progress of the government inquiry and will continue to report on developments . missioni
i urge israel to fully respect the internationally recognised rights of palestinians and call upon the council and the commission to develop another eu observatory mission in palestine as compliance with the eu-israeli association agreement needs to be enforced , notably protocol iv of the agreement . missione
a window of opportunity therefore exists in which the european union is committing itself more firmly than ever , as evidenced by this election observation mission , the largest ever delegated by the eu . missione
we want to help in the integrated mission for police training , and for training connected with justice and the rule of law in order to enhance institution-building . missione
no robust international observer mission has been invited and there are arrests of the few remaining international journalists . missione
the moldovan government invited international observers a long time in advance , and i hope that members of the european parliament will also take part in this observation mission . missione
finally , the union has appealed to the moldovan government to take into account the concerns raised by the osce ’ s fact-finding mission and to implement the joint recommendations established by the osce and the venice commission in 2004 . missione
as a result , the commission has given funding for 25 specially named commissioners for this election observation , going into the osce / odihr mission . missione
i also welcome the visit to moldova in january of the secretary-general of the council of europe , mr terry davis , and the launch of the osce 's election observation mission . missione
we are in regular contact with our mission and , as i said , we are contributing eur 50 000 . missione
thirdly , if the answer is again yes then , logically , should the european research community , companies and industry not be wondering about the means needed to complete this mission ? compito
for the time being , activities continue but new appraisals or identification missions will not be launched for the preparation of the 2005 cooperation pipeline until further notice . missioni
given the urgency of the situation , parliament should send a mission to the conference to monitor european intervention , to monitor what the member states do and to encourage action on the treaty , in line … missione
at present , we are making preparations for an exploratory technical mission to lebanon . missione
as mr michel has said , it is clear that free elections must be held in lebanon without any type of pressure , and we in our political group are pleased with the commissioner ’ s comments to the effect that a technical mission is going to be sent to lebanon with a view to preparing a european union mission of electoral observers . missione
we , too , like those demonstrators and like the united people of lebanon , are waiting for clear answers to emerge from the inquiries being held – both the fact-finding mission dispatched by kofi annan and the investigations being undertaken by the lebanese authorities – to identify precisely who was responsible for this appalling act . missione
i shall insist – as other members have done – on the issue of the mission of observers from the european parliament . missione
that is your mission if you really want an internal market for services . missione
that is the real mission of the european research council , which must be independent in its scientific evaluations , autonomous in its operation and adequately funded . indipendente
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , exactly 27 years ago today – and incidentally also during a night shift – when i was preparing to return from an orbit around the earth , following a research mission to the space station salyut 6 that lasted over a week , i would never have dreamt that all these years later i would be able to speak about the future development of science and research in europe before a house such as this one , and in the process maybe even to play an active role in this development missione
the european union , the commission and the member states have now spent a total of eur 1 billion on the office in phnom penh , observation missions during elections , financial support for mine-clearing operations , and suchlike . missioni
at the same time , i would like to assure this house that the commission will continue to follow these events closely , through its delegation in phnom penh and with the missions of eu member states in cambodia . missioni
i believe that , as president of the european parliament and with the sensitivity for which you are renowned , you should take an immediate initiative and send a mission on this question to the president of the turkish national assembly and to the political parties , in order to get this historic anachronism lifted in a country which wishes to accede to the european union and on which the european parliament passed a positive resolution in december 2004 . missione
you will not be unaware that the european parliament has decided to discuss the lampedusa situation and the camps in libya in the context of its topical and urgent resolutions on thursday , that the delegation for relations with the maghreb countries and the maghreb arab union ( including libya ) , which will be travelling to libya next week , has decided to visit a reception centre for aliens and that the committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs is thinking about undertaking a fact-finding mission . missione
i was therefore surprised to discover that an mep , as a rapporteur , cannot organise observation missions financed by the european parliament other than the official missions of the parliamentary committees , which take place only once or twice a year . missioni
i should like to emphasise , however , that the eu has serious shortcomings in terms of military means that may hinder its ability to carry out high-intensity humanitarian missions . missioni
during the mission the commission conducted in libya at the end of 2004 concerning illegal immigration , issues relating to human rights and asylum were given particular importance . missione
as someone has said , and mr michel knows this , we want successfully to conduct a peace mission across part of africa in particular , and peace will only have a chance if we can manage to break the supply lines for such weapons , since they are often the weapons of the developing countries , the weapons of the poor . missione
the european union is deeply committed because , on the one hand , it has contributed about eur 400 million in humanitarian aid and , on the other , it is directly paying part of the costs of the amis mission , which is aimed at somehow maintaining relative stability in darfur . missione
in addition , there have been strong calls for the mission ’ s mandate to be considerably expanded and its strength greatly increased . missione
it is worth remembering that darfur covers a vast area about the size of france : it is particularly difficult to imagine that a military mission can carry out the important tasks assigned to it with a little under 3 000 men until recently , and now with 7 000 to 8 000 men . missione
the commission has also earmarked eur 60 million to support the african union mission in darfur . missione
i welcome the un ’ s efforts in the sudan conflict , such as the recent creation of the 10 000-man strong un mission , umis . missione
an au evaluation mission carried out from 10 to 22 march , with the participation of the united nations and the european union , assessed the need for enhancing peace-support efforts in darfur , including exploring ways of strengthening amis 2 . missione
the mission ’ s findings acknowledged the positive role of amis in the areas where it has been deployed . missione
the democratic credentials of the republic of kyrgyzstan will improve if the interim government applies the recommendations of the final mission report of the osce ’ s office for democratic institutions and human rights , published in march of this year . missione
it is thus that this day of remembrance can give us a new mission , bidding us work together to build a better world – a world more at peace , and a freer world . missione
the european union has contributed to financing the deployment of african troops in burundi , before the african union subsequently took over , and it is lending its support to the current united nations mission in the country . missione
the european union ’ s contribution to the elections accounts for a third of the overall budget allocated to them . we are also preparing an observation mission that will be present in burundi for the legislative elections taking place on 4 july . missione
given the very tight electoral timetable , under which elections had to take place within 60 days of president eyadema ’ s death , the european union could not send an electoral observation mission that would have met our usual standards of observation . missione
admittedly , many problems arose during the preparation of the elections , and irregularities were reported by the ecowas electoral observation mission on election day . missione
the commission is ready to give its support to the holding of such elections , including the sending of a european union electoral observation mission . missione
we have deepened our cooperation in the field of community election observation missions . missioni
following the april factfinding mission by dg relex , we are now exploring ways and means of providing financial support , especially for socioeconomic recovery , in addition to our considerable humanitarian assistance . missione
on the other hand , misgivings are voiced regarding the great expanse of eastern europe and russia ’ s powerful armed forces , which are equipped with modern weapons and which have already been involved in a number of peacekeeping missions with eu troops , for example in the balkans . missioni
mr president , on september 16 the european parliament adopted a resolution condemning the offences committed against minorities in the serbian province of vojvodina and , as a consequence of this , in late 2004 , a delegation led by mrs doris pack visited the province on a fact-finding mission . missione
i would like , therefore , to continue my mission to name and shame member states that have not implemented some of the lisbon directives . missione
there is no doubt that this is a european mission and that the european dimension brings added value . missione
the mission of democracies must be to defeat terrorism , not merely to contain or to tame it . missione
as regards this important political issue , i should like to express my criticism of the ‘ delegation to private firms of missions of the european public service ’ as stated in the report . ditte
on cohesion policy , for example , substantial savings are proposed , but the overall balance remains – a balance between the compelling imperative to commit new resources in the wake of enlargement and the need to respect the fact that the mission of the cohesion policy is to work across the whole union . missione
mr president , members of the council and the commission , ladies and gentlemen , the outcome of the referendum has had such a powerful impact on the political debate and on people ’ s psychology that some commentators have been forced to even wonder whether there is still a need for the european institutions now that the remarkable peace mission carried out by europe is complete . missione
public funding must therefore only be used to achieve the public-service mission and must not exceed what is necessary in this regard : that is the rule of proportionality . missione
public-service missions must be defined clearly and precisely and there must be a separation of accounts when public-sector operators become involved in commercial activities : that is the rule of transparency . missioni
as in the case of the question that i have just answered , i would remind you that it is very important for member states to be responsible for defining the purpose of their public services and to determine how those services have to be funded so that they can fulfil their mission , as this field still comes under the subsidiarity principle in accordance with the commission communication of 2001 on state aid and with the rules of the treaty , including the amsterdam protocol . missione
in my opinion this last point is of particular significance , as it represents both the essence and the mission of the european community . missione
unless this mission is accomplished , not only will the constitutional treaty be killed off , but also the eu itself . missione
this could run counter to the ethos , beliefs and missions of such schools . missioni
this could run counter to the ethos , beliefs and missions of such schools . missioni
we in the socialist group in the european parliament see it as important that reforms should not be limited to the institutions , but should also aim to strengthen the un in the performance of its tasks and in its mission . missione
the un ’ s role in peace missions and in conflict management needs to be enhanced . missioni
i would like to emphasise that we should not expect any of our decisions or audit missions to ensure the transparency of public finances , reliability of data and the stability of finances directly . missioni
not only is it indifferent to the trials of the workers , but it also calls for even more unfavourable terms for the application of multilateral supervision and even for a community fraud squad to undertake financial auditing missions . missioni
i believe that particular sensitivity towards maintaining employment levels is a joint mission for the commission and parliament . missione
in line with standard practice in the osce region , a european union election observation mission will not be deployed for the elections in azerbaijan . missione
instead , support will be given to the osce / odihr election observation mission that is to be deployed . missione
the commission will also consider whether , in line with recent actions and in connection with the elections in ukraine , moldova and kyrgyzstan , financial support can be provided to the osce / odihr fund in order to widen participation in election observation missions , to enable more observers from central , eastern , south-eastern europe and the former soviet union to participate . missioni
madam president , mr schmit , ladies and gentlemen , the luxembourg presidency will be remembered for having coincided with external events , which , although forcing the european project to undergo a genuine crisis , will enable the european union to redefine its mission and to endow it with intelligence , institutions , organisation and resources . missione
we should be agreeing practical measures to enhance european defence capability , to be prepared to take on more peacekeeping and enforcement missions . missioni
we are already supporting the african union mission in darfur , for example . missione
so much for the lisbon mission . missione
for the purposes of workable and fruitful commercial relations , we must continue to support initiatives of this nature , which help to coordinate support for research activities , exchange programmes for young people and business missions . missioni
it agreed on a new community aid package of eur 200 million and the launch of an eu integrated rule of law and police training mission for iraq with offices in baghdad and brussels . missione
that mission began training iraqi police , judiciary and penitentiary officials yesterday and is making a valuable contribution to the iraqi government 's efforts to increase its authority and to entrench the rule of law . ieri
i welcome the committee 's endorsement of the goal and particularly their call for the commission to open its office in baghdad and for the eu to send an observer mission to the elections to be held in iraq in december . missione
once the constitution has been drafted and elections are scheduled , we also intend in principle to offer the iraqis an election observation mission to oversee them , but it depends on the security situation . missione
we cannot allow our most notable effort towards reconstructing iraq to be the announcement that a commission representation will be opened in baghdad , or the sending of an observation mission to the december elections . missione
the ‘ eujustlex ’ mission that began on 1 july will be of great importance and will hopefully make a significant contribution . missione
eu missions there and in macedonia are training police . missioni
we have two european missions in the democratic republic of the congo . missioni
thanks to financing from the european union peace facility for the african union ’ s mission there . missione
yesterday i returned from an observation mission to the parliamentary elections in albania , and it has to be said that these elections were a step in the right direction . NULL
the european union police mission aims to help the bosnian police force reach european standards . missione
his mission implementation plan closely reflects the 16 priority areas identified in the european union feasibility study published in november 2003 . missione
i also note wide support for the continuation of our prudently managed accession process , combining the historic mission of european integration for peace , democracy and progress with consideration for our citizens ’ legitimate concerns about the absorption capacity of the union . missione
moreover , the european union has started a strategic dialogue with the united states on east asia to address the security concerns of our partners , and information missions have been carried out to the us , japan , south korea , australia and new zealand to explain our position . missioni
although there have already been two ad hoc missions , this one , following on from the recent establishment of a parliamentary delegation for the korean peninsula , is the first ever to both north and south korea . missioni
mrs stenzel told us of her mission departing for the korean peninsula tomorrow and this was also referred to by mr mavrommatis . missione
i should like to pay tribute to mrs stenzel and other colleagues for this interesting mission to the dprk . missione
in a declaration issued on 3 june , the european union expressed its support for the initiatives taken by the african union through its peace and security council , in particular the appointment of a special envoy to facilitate dialogue between the togolese parties and the decision to send an observer mission to monitor the political , security , social and humanitarian situation , as well as the human rights situation in the country . missione
the commission will send an exploratory mission , which should report on the advisability of sending an election monitoring mission if a number of conditions are met : first , if a government is in place ; second , if a consensus exists among the main political parties to respect the results of the elections : and , third , there is real progress on the 22 commitments . missione
in the first instance , we would want to be clear as to the findings of such an exploratory mission in relation to further work that could potentially be done in that area . missione
the european assistance package is made up of contributions from the member states , which vary from material assistance to equipment and missions of experts and other specialists . missioni
i strongly believe that there is no need to remind you that the european parliament is the only european institution directly elected by eu citizens and in accordance with eu law has been assigned a mission in the formation and implementation of the european union budget . missione
as far as i understand , the congo police operation and the mission in sudan are being financed out of development appropriations , and the funding of militarisation activities is therefore not transparent . missione
the european union is working to build up the capacity of the iraqi security forces and the judiciary through its integrated rule of law and police training mission . missione
the next elections in egypt will be the parliamentary elections and i hope that this house will agree that we should send a mission to egypt for those elections , whether or not we are invited . missione
to prepare a thorough and comprehensive assessment of the situation by the council , european union heads of mission were asked to produce for september a considered analysis of the law and recommendations for the european union 's policy , taking into account the council conclusions of december 2004 . missione
i would respectfully suggest that if he is concerned about and desirous of a thorough answer , then that rather vindicates the point that i sought to make in terms of the need for eu heads of mission to prepare a very thorough statement in terms of what should inform the european union 's decision-making process . missione
the european union has also allocated eur 92 million from its africa peace facility to the african union mission in sudan . missione
a recent echo evaluation mission concluded that nutritional requirements are today being met to a satisfactory degree , even though there is some delay in implementing the aid . NULL
well , today we can say : mission accomplished . missione
mr president , i would like to take this opportunity of thanking commissioner hübner for the fact-finding missions that she keeps undertaking in various parts of the union . missioni
we are holding meetings at all levels and our missions are very often to greece . missioni
two missions to poland were undertaken during the harvest period . missioni
i have returned , though , from turkey , with a twofold mission . missione
ensuring respect for human rights lies at the very heart of the united nations mission . missione
the commission has been working with all the same factors , from humanitarian efforts to reconstruction efforts and institution building , to trade and all questions surrounding democracy and human rights ; from military peacekeeping missions to election observation missions . missioni
my plan was to contribute to the debate with this brief overview , which will also act as the report on the mission that i am required to make to parliament . missione
nevertheless , there are some positive developments as well : a memorandum of understanding was agreed at the un commission of human rights in april this year to launch a human rights monitoring mission and to set up four regional offices of the office of the high commissioner for human rights in the country . missione
the european commission is planning to support the mission with a contribution of eur 5 million , which is 30 % of the total mission budget , and the first results are encouraging . NULL
in its report last month , the hungarian human rights foundation reported that since an ep fact-finding mission has been based in vojvodina since the end of january , no fewer than 32 new incidents have taken place , with minorities specifically targeted . missione
the fact-finding mission led by mrs pack was very positive , but only managed to bring a temporary improvement as the situation has not actually been settled . missione
this is happening despite all the promises made as a result of official letters , parliamentary visits and ad hoc missions . missioni
– mr president , we passed a resolution exactly one year ago in respect of the problem we are discussing now , and the fact-finding mission of the european parliament to vojvodina was also implemented as a result of that resolution . missione
evaluation means downgrading rather than improving the quality of universities and makes provision for them not to fulfil their social mission , but to increase the profitability of capital through opportunistic study and research subjects tailored to the market . missione
in this sense , what this report presents us with is both an inventory analysis and a mission , a mission not only to lay down improved rules that will enjoy public support , but also , and at the same time , to ensure that they are properly enforced , while equipping one of these instruments , namely the ombudsman , with the powers and responsibilities he will need to perform his monitoring role independently , without reference to the courts , free of charge and in a citizen-friendly manner . compito
we insist that manfred nowak , the united nations special rapporteur on torture , be given free access to tenzin rinpoche ; he will be arriving in china on an inspection mission in three weeks ’ time . missione
our objective must be television programmes which will highlight in a qualitative manner the educational , cultural and informative mission of television . missione
i personally carried out a mission to monitor the registration of voters at the end of august of this year with a view to observing the conditions in which that registration was being carried out . del
with a view to guaranteeing that the elections are carried out in accordance with international standards , the commission has just decided to send a mission of electoral observers whose work will begin from the constitutional referendum of 18 december and will continue until the end of the electoral process . missione
in the event that irregularities that are sufficiently serious to jeopardise the transparency , credibility and representativeness of the process are noted by the mission of electoral observers , in accordance with the provisions of the cotonou agreement , the commission is prepared to hold an enhanced political dialogue with a view to identifying corrective measures . missione
the united nations assistance mission for iraq played a vital role in assisting the iraqi electoral commission under the most difficult of circumstances . missione
during that visit , the iraqi government stressed how much it values the eu ’ s assistance , particularly in supporting the constitutional and electoral processes and work to improve capacity in the rule of law sector , including through the eujust lex mission . missione
the eu ’ s rule of law mission for iraq , eujust lex , is due to reach the end of its mandate at the end of june 2006 . missione
many europeans are taking part in the peace mission , and we should be grateful to them for what they have done and are still doing – including risking their own lives – in order to make a fundamental contribution to the resurrection of iraq . missione
many of those who criticised the peace mission are today having second thoughts and realising how important it has been . rendendo
the iraqi government has requested that the eu provide election monitors and , whilst the full election observation mission would , as the commissioner said , not be possible at the moment , the council will look closely at what we can do to monitor and support the elections . missione
that is why i said we cannot send to iraq an election observation mission which otherwise i would have provided . missione
nor does it want things like nine separate missions around the world as part of an eu defence policy . missioni
i was told yesterday that iranian children ’ s television programmes were showing palestinian children wearing these suicide belts , so to speak , setting iranian children an example and encouraging them to volunteer for these sorts of suicide missions . missioni
the fact that there is virtual unanimity in europe makes your mission hopefully a little less impossible . missione
however , i can assure honourable members that every opportunity is taken to raise our concerns over human rights and governance issues ; for example , the eu heads of mission did so with the foreign minister of laos on 10 november . missione
such visits are very important : they enable heads of mission to see the situation of the ethnic minorities there at first hand , including those who have chosen to return to the central highlands from cambodia . missione
two fact-finding missions were sent to valencia , which gave the committee members an opportunity to meet with representatives of all those concerned and to have a first-hand experience of the situation on the ground . NULL
furthermore , i am delighted that the work carried out by the members of our mission , which visited the region in june , was so productive . missione
the conversations we held with the petitioners , both during the fact-finding mission and during our meetings , revealed to us the full extent of the tragedy facing these individuals , who had had so much of their property taken away from them . missione
petitions to the european parliament and two fact-finding missions attest to this fact . missioni
parliament had to fulfil its mission and the commitments it entered into upon being elected , and indeed it did so . missione
the conference revealed a determination to choose a different development path , focusing on alternative energies and energy savings , and to go down the road of multilateral cooperation , making all that the most important mission for a world caught up in an environmental crisis and the contradictions arising from increasingly marked inequalities . missione
europe needs a new mission , and it is our duty to find one . missione
the human rights dimension impacts increasingly on the european union ’ s external relations with a range of countries around the world : the human rights dialogue with china ; the dialogue with iran – though , regrettably , we have not had a dialogue round for more than a year , but we hope to have one again ; the human rights consultations with russia ; the local human rights dialogues at the level of the heads of missions of the european union in numerous other countries ; and , specifically , our developments under the european neighbourhood policy missione
i should like to emphasise , for example , the council conclusions of 12 december , which informed us that the council – we had no doubts about this – had , on behalf of human rights defenders , launched active lobbying campaigns under the leadership of the heads of mission in third countries . missione
we also have a very important instrument for the eu election observation missions . missioni
other missions are currently under way , such as those in venezuela , haiti , the democratic republic of congo , and again for the parliamentary elections in the west bank and gaza . NULL
when i questioned the commission and the council on my return from a mission to tunisia , i was indeed astonished at the timidity of their responses to what can only be described as a violation of the partnership agreement between the european union and tunisia , at least of the clauses relating to human rights . missione
the report will register the difference our european missions are already making on the ground , including the two latest missions : in aceh – our first in asia – and on the rafah border crossing in gaza , a practical manifestation of the union ’ s longstanding commitment to the lives and freedoms of the palestinian people . missioni
the declaration will reflect what the european union has achieved over the course of our presidency : the first ever euromed summit in november , which has set the agenda for our future relations with our southern mediterranean neighbours , support for disengagement from gaza , building palestinian institutional and security capacity , launching the european union border assistance mission to rafah and increased european union engagement with iraq . missione
in the last 24 hours , more seriously , not only – as you would expect – have i met with our prime minister , our chancellor of the exchequer and our foreign minister as we prepare our revised proposals , but i have also met with the heads of mission in london of every one of the other 24 member states of the european union . missione
i will return to nigeria with a deep sense of mission and will help redefine the future of the vulnerable and powerless . missione
the united states is not helped by the continuing guantanamo situation , by donald rumsfeld ’ s refusal to authorise a un humanitarian mission , by the doubts expressed in a recent interview by head of cia , peter goss , as to whether degrading treatment can be considered torture , or by president bush ’ s threat to block the mccain amendment , which would ban the cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment of detainees . missione
just think of the european council ’ s attempts to lift the arms embargo against china or the way in which european trade missions get in each other ’ s way in china these days . missioni
this is a highly tense situation and it is not helped by eritrea ’ s eviction of members of the un mission . missione
this morning the first secretary at the ethiopian mission to the eu told me that ethiopia wanted the situation resolved but needed channels of discussion on the process of implementing the boundary commission decision . missione
on the political front , the european union heads of mission will launch a structured political dialogue with the ethiopian government , according to article 8 of the cotonou agreement . missione
the heads of mission in addis ababa have proposed to the government a detailed structure for the dialogue and performance indicators to measure progress on the political and human rights situations . missione
therefore it is important that the commission and council press both countries to return to the troop deployment levels of 16 december 2004 , and for eritrea in particular to reverse its decision to ban helicopter flights by the un mission in ethiopia and eritrea and to ask some members of the mission to leave . missione
progress in the eu-ukraine relationship could be registered on economic integration ; granting of market economy status by the eu to ukraine ; cooperation in the key sectors of energy and transport ; a memorandum of understanding on energy cooperation ; justice and home affairs ; the opening of visa facilitation negotiations in parallel to negotiations on a readmission agreement ; as well as in the area of foreign and security policy , namely , the launching of the eu border assistance mission on the transnistrian segment of the ukraine-moldova border . ucraina
here in the front row i see mrs ferrero-waldner , the commissioner for foreign affairs , and our esteemed high representative for the common foreign and security policy , mr solana , who often have to go round cap in hand to raise money for vital peace missions , and all because we have not had the courage to discuss these matters sufficiently . missioni
consequently , the commission is devoid of resources for funding citizenship policies – for example youth , education , research and culture – the globalisation adjustment fund and the union ’ s external commitments , such as peace missions and measures to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . missioni
the extension of isaf ’ s mission into southern afghanistan , into what is more evidently a war zone , with the consequent deeper involvement in the war , will make matters worse . missione
a resumption of the permanent presence of the osce , in the form of a field mission in chechnya , would in any case be welcomed . missione
neither the osce nor the council of europe sent a fully fledged observer mission , since the conditions on the ground did not permit it , but the latter did send an eight-member fact-finding mission . missione
we therefore have no official reports , but we are aware of statements by members of the latter mission and by other organisations drawing attention , in particular , to deficiencies in the process , and we expect such allegations to be properly investigated . missione
it was the council of europe which sent an eight-member fact-finding mission ; we did not send an election observation mission . missione
at the same time , in connection with the restructuring of the united nations interim administration mission in kosovo ( unmik ) , the eu has held informal consultations with the unmik together with other international organisations and partners . missione
the eu should play a vital role in the areas related to the rule of law , including a police mission , capacity building and in the economy . missione
you all know that technical missions have been going to those countries in order to negotiate the action plans , notably because we also want to contribute to regional stability and reinforce eu support for resolving the conflicts there . missioni
i have requested , as a first stage , that a regionalised delegation mission be established in belarus , headed by a chargé d ’ affaires under the head of mission of kiev . regionalizzata
there is an important election observation mission there with your colleague , mrs de keyser ; secondly , to underline the importance of european union financial support to the palestinian people , and , thirdly , to thus raise the visibility of a number of eu projects , notably in gaza . secondo
the european union is supporting the palestinian elections with the biggest election observation mission – 240 observers , including 50 of your colleagues . missione
i visited the rafah border crossing and i must say that general pistolesi and his team at the eu border assistance mission are doing an excellent job . missione
with a eur 18.5 million contribution to support the electoral process and the deployment of a skilled observation mission , including an experienced delegation from this house , the eu is showing the palestinians the path to effective democracy . missione
finding a proper work-life balance requires us to take account of the social mission of women in improving the demographic situation in europe . missione
in this we must enhance society ’ s positive attitude to life and encourage women not to miss or renounce that most beautiful mission and joy in life that motherhood brings . missione
it was my privilege to head a mission of members of the european parliament that attended the presidential election in 2000 . delegazione
for this reason , and on the basis of a request from the competent peruvian authorities , i would ask , commissioner , that the union send a mission of electoral observers to the coming presidential elections in peru in order to demonstrate our solidarity with the cause of democratic consolidation in that country . delegazione
a fact-finding mission would doubtless be a very good idea , and i would recommend that european parliament representatives be sent to the country as soon as possible , once an agreement has been reached with the cambodian government . missione
i would like to assure this house that the commission , through its delegation in phnom penh , and together with the missions of eu member states in cambodia , will continue to monitor the situation very closely . missioni
mr president , i would like to begin by joining with you in congratulating , in particular , the person who has embodied the european parliament and the european union as a whole in the electoral observation mission to the palestinian elections , mrs de keyser , a good friend of all of us and a good friend of mine , on the great work she has done over this very difficult time , during which the mission of observers has been extremely important . missione
we are being asked to help , and today there is a fact-finding mission in kinshasa , and i hope that in a few days time , on the 7th , it will be able to give us its results , so that we can see whether , in the end , the member states of the european union can take the decision to support the united nations in response to this offer , or request . missione
the presidency ’ s report to the european council on the esdp invited the austrian presidency to continue working towards securing adequate funding for civilian esdp missions from the cfsp budget . missioni
a world bank mission will be going there and we will have to see what can be done . missione
the cfsp launched the aceh monitoring mission to monitor compliance with the peace agreement . missione
another example is the border assistance mission in moldova and ukraine , where the commission is funding the deployment of mobile teams to provide advice and on-the-job training to moldovan and ukrainian border and customs officials . missione
the border assistance mission and the eu special representative therefore work closely together . missione
our head of mission also acts as his senior political adviser , and one of his team is based at our mission ’ s premises . della
i should also like to join in congratulating the eu ’ s election observation missions in general and those who have been active in the palestinian regions in particular , for their job must have been particularly difficult . missione
i have just returned from participating in the electoral observation mission in the palestine authority areas and east jerusalem . missione
these considerations have prompted the council to ask the relevant council offices to produce for the eu a detailed analysis of the east jerusalem situation , drawing on data supplied by the eu ’ s missions in jerusalem and ramallah . missioni
the world bank is sending a mission to see what it can do and how the palestinian authority could meet the benchmarks , maybe retrenching the budget . missione
firstly , the deployment of our mission to gaza amid hazardous security conditions . missione
from the beginning , we were the only observation mission deployed in gaza . missione
i should also like to say , however , that we were the only mission to meet candidates from the ‘ change and reform ’ party and that history proves us right to have done so , since 44 % of the palestinian population voted in favour of them . missione
– madam president , first of all i too should like to take my turn in thanking véronique de keyser and eduard mcmillan-scott for the effort they made , together with the other meps , during their mission . missione
what i do believe we can say without any mistake is that the presence of the european union ’ s electoral observation mission has been a notable success for the european commission and that — as commissioner ferrero-waldner has said — it increases the union ’ s visibility and contributes to the consolidation of democracy throughout the world . missione
those were my specific impressions when , away from our mission , i met the palestinian mayors and their association , which is dominated by hamas . missione
the plane was flying from priština , kosovo , where slovak soldiers together with other troops of the international community have been participating in the nato peace mission . missione
the prevention of violence against women must be a mission for all of us . missione
‘ acknowledges that the united nations has asked the european union to contribute to the security of the upcoming elections in the democratic republic of congo by means of a military mission ; asks the council to carefully examine the existing possibilities ; ’ missione
nato , the cornerstone of european defence for over half a century and the key organisation for international crisis management missions involving military forces , barely warrants a mention in this report , with paragraph 12 misleadingly subsuming nato to a role " within europe 's foreign and security policy . " malapena
we also object to the idea of an eu military mission to the democratic republic of congo and for an eu defence budget . missione
eu heads of mission collectively draw up human rights fact sheets periodically , report on the implementation of the various eu human rights guidelines and make detailed analyses of developments in particular countries concerning human rights and democracy . missione
election monitoring missions play a vital part in protecting and supporting human rights and democracy beyond the union ’ s borders , as does the aid the union should provide to civil society in third countries . missioni
first of all , there is the proactive role given to the institute , particularly through its analysis and expertise missions and the option it is given of submitting its recommendations and guidelines to the community institutions . missioni
did yesterday ’ s and today ’ s donors meetings take into consideration the conclusions of the european union election observation mission , that the elections failed to respect the principles for genuine democratic elections , and which highlighted the reasons for such failure ? missione
both the eu presidency , which had come to an agreement beforehand with the local heads of mission in manila , and the eu troika , which was in manila from 28 february to 4 march for the asean regional forum intersessional support group meeting on confidence building measures and preventive diplomacy , verbally expressed the eu ’ s concern about the recent development at meetings in the philippines ministry of foreign affairs on 1 march . missione
they normally carry out both previously agreed and on-the-spot missions with visits to different kinds of establishments in different fields , ranging from the rule of law – i.e. the court system and prosecutors ’ offices – to the field of childcare and mental health . missioni
perhaps , madam president-in-office , i might be permitted to address another aspect of great significance in some areas , that being the issue of the european union ’ s mission to the congo . missione
this facilitated the accession of eu-10 and , by those means , we successfully combined our historic mission of reunifying the european continent and taking care of the practical considerations , which are also of concern to our citizens today . missione
this is our mission and i urge quick action to achieve it . missione
the proposal for a human rights council is an attempt to create an institution which would react more rapidly to crises throughout the world and whose activities would go beyond simply sending a symbolic un mission to the country that is the subject of criticism . missione
we in the june list are strongly opposed to the mission in the democratic republic of congo being used further to strengthen the eu ’ s common foreign and security policy . missione
there have been two eu civil missions in the congo and it is not clear what the mandate of any eu military mission would now be . missioni
as chief observer of the european union 's election observation mission in liberia , i have urged the newly elected president ellen johnson-sirleaf to insist on extradition . missione
as chief observer of the election observation mission in liberia , i warmly support the idea of the chairmen inviting her to speak here before the plenary , and i hope that in the meantime , the eu will continue to lend its strong support to the millennium objectives and democratisation in that country , for that is what the citizens over there deserve right now . NULL
however , i want to say that what we members of the mission of the committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs saw in malta were anything but reception centres . accoglienza
the european city of culture project ’ s important role and its mission are undeniable ; it contributes to preserving the diversity and richness of european cultural heritage . missione
a similar mission is being given to the reconciled leaders of trades union , so that they can conceal beneath the title ' citizens of europe ' the major and irreconcilable class differences between the capitalists and the working class . missione
i should like to thank the representatives of all the political groups who participated in the observation mission and spent time in ukraine recently . missione
we simultaneously conducted six joint missions , and allow me for the first - but not the last - time to emphasise the adjective ‘ joint ’ . missioni
at the same time , people in the developing countries do not have access to healthcare , and we spend large amounts of money on sending humanitarian missions , often to restricted areas . missioni
the united nations mission in sudan ( unmis ) has gone as far as it can and the talks in abuja are not making progress . missione
the government in khartoum respects neither the international agreements nor the authority of the united nations , regarding the most recent un peace mission as a return to colonialism . missione
the european union and the united states have expressed their support for the transfer of the mission from the african union – whose 7 000 troops are quite unequal to the task – to troops provided by the un . missione
the iraqi human rights ministry and the eu integrated rule of law mission for iraq eurojust lex should play a particularly important role in controlling this problem . missione
the european union must now decide to extend the mandate of this mission with respect to the training of iraqi forces of law and order and forensic medicine . ampliarne
they gave their lives knowing that it was a suicide mission but , for fellow mankind and for the greater good of their countrymen and countrywomen , they took that action and took that dangerous task on board . missione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , six months ago , i was a member of the european union ’ s observation mission present at the palestinian elections . missione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance in the european parliament , i too should like to stress that if we do deny parliament its discharge , as mr ferber proposes , this will send the clear political message that we want to gain another six months in which to investigate this matter thoroughly , to go on a fact-finding mission , working through the details of the two buildings in strasbourg with a fine – tooth comb . missione
if we are to send troops on difficult missions , it is very important that it should first be ascertained what is going on on the ground , and for that we need satellite-based reconnaissance systems . NULL
this house hears what the specialist committees have had to say on the subject , about development cooperation being unsatisfactory , about education , youth and research not being up to any kind of standard , about defective communications on our security missions overseas , about the dramatic reversal in rural development . missioni
all international observers who have analysed your diplomatic missions have praised your qualities , and in particular , you are a man who stands by your word , who does as he speaks and who says what he thinks . missioni
when un troops in liberia stand accused of rape and torture , how can europe launch its own esdp mission in aceh , indonesia , without any human rights monitoring ? missione
that is clearly reflected in the significant increase in the number of observation missions over the last two years , particularly in post-conflict and transition situations . missioni
i also share commissioner ferrero-waldner ’ s view that more funds need to be set aside for election observation missions , which , certainly in post-conflict situations , are crucial in strengthening democracy and human rights . missioni
the european union is an international player with a crucial mission to protect human rights , strengthen democracy and ensure that globalisation actually means the achievement of social cohesion . missione
i should like to mention in this connection that the presidency sent a troika mission to kazakhstan to meet representatives of all the central asian countries , and also sent a mission to the southern caucasus . missione
what is the european union 's role , what is its mission , in this general context ? missione
the navy attack was an open violation of the ceasefire agreement by the ltte and is made more serious by the known presence of sri lankan monitoring mission monitors . missione
– europe ’ s main mission is to comply with and promote international law and the humanitarian principles that underpin it . compito
cyprus , along with britain , takes part in the common defence and security actions of the eu , including participation in eu peace missions , eu battle group formations and the european defence agency . missioni
mr president , the treaty of amsterdam states that one of the missions of the european community is to support equal rights for men and women through the implementation of common policies and funding as defined in articles 3 and 4 . compiti
also very important are election observation missions , security sector reform , institution-building and , particularly , strengthening of civil society . missioni
for social democrats such as ourselves , then , it is for this reason that the participation of women , through gender mainstreaming , in all missions , as described in un resolution 1325 , is so enormously important . missioni
it is an unfortunate fact , commissioner , that only three eu missions around the world are headed up by women . missioni
furthermore , we are also asking for international missions , both civil and military , to take very good account of the gender approach in their actions on the ground and to impose harsh penalties on any participants in those missions who abuse their status and impunity to commit degrading acts and rapes on women and girls – something that we have unfortunately seen on several occasions . NULL
lastly , the security fence which has considerably reduced the number of terrorist suicide bombing missions into israel proper is not necessarily the final border of the two states . suicidi
at one point , the report goes so far as to encourage the eu to ‘ give greater attention to the presence , preparation , training and equipment of police forces forming part of its military missions , since police units constitute the most important means whereby the security of the civilian population , particularly women and children , may be guaranteed . ’ missioni
i cannot end this introduction without mentioning the very broad agreement on the euratom programme , which includes the important international scientific project on iter , and the joint research centre , whose mission you considered very important . missione
consequently , are you able to tell us whether this delegation will have a short- or a long-term mission regarding the elections ? missione
regarding observation of the electoral processes , the commission plans to send a team of electoral experts in early june 2006 around now to help with the constitutional referendum and , in july , a fact-finding mission to assess the advisability , usefulness and feasibility of future observation missions as well as , if necessary , electoral observation missions to observe the general and municipal elections in november 2006 and the presidential elections in march 2007 . missione
since the first niger delta crisis in november 2004 , regular visits of the eu heads of mission have been organised to various areas : the niger delta , some northern states and some middle-belt states . capimissione
the historic mission of the union is that of supporting and promoting democratic ideas and governments . missione
just a week ago , i led a troika mission to china and we had a very interesting political dialogue with the chinese . missione
i hope that you pursue your mission successfully , and i also wish you a safe journey home . missione
in view of what is happening at the moment , our first observation should probably be that the international withdrawal was rather premature , and i therefore believe that the security council ’ s decision to extend the united nations mission in that country is absolutely right . missione
the timorese authorities also demonstrated unity and convergence when two days ago they submitted to the united nations security council requests to strengthen and extend the remit of the united nations office in east timor ( unotil ) from being a police mission under un supervision to being a peace-keeping mission under the mandate and leadership of the un , should the need arise . missione
to declare ‘ mission accomplished ’ in order to save money will prove costly , and it is the people who will carry the can . missione
ian martin , head of the united nations mission in east timor ( unamet ) , who helped with the split in 1999 and who was recently the un secretary-general 's envoy in dili , explained the day before yesterday that the crux of the matter was not whether east timor was a failed state ; for him , the bottom line was that this is a country that had been in existence for four years , that was learning to deal with the weight of responsibility arising from independence and to address the challenges inherent in a democratic system NULL
parliament will remain vigilant , and is planning to send an mission next october . missione
we hope that the efforts of nobel peace prize winners president xanana gusmão and government minister ramos horta will succeed in overcoming the political crisis , in such a way that the mission can focus on european aid for development in east timor . missione
east timor must be supported by international organisations and the united nations mission must continue . missione
this mission should not be limited to 130 soldiers , but should involve as many troops as are necessary to protect east timor ’ s weary catholic population from social unrest and conflict . missione
‘ stresses that the process of gradual reduction of the un mission in east timor over the last four years must be reversed and asks for the urgent deployment of a un-led police force to help restore stability , and a un-mandated peacekeeping force as requested by the east timorese authorities on 13 june 2006 ; ’ missione
that would also have avoided the situation that some members find themselves in , of having just one minute to deal with a mission impossible . missione
basically , however , they have the same fundamental mission : to strengthen democracy in the union . missione
a prominent israeli analyst has described this eu mission as a complete failure . missione
thirdly , i wish to point out that in the hearings , there were 70 testimonies made , 50 hours of statements given , two foreign missions undertaken – one to the united states and one to the former yugoslav republic of macedonia – and thousands of documents analysed . missioni
in this regard , i believe that mr lamy is being asked , by means of travelling diplomacy — not an exploratory mission — to find a solution by means of what we in the european union institutions call the confessionary system , that is to say , to try , by means of bilateral meetings amongst the interlocutors , to talk about things that nobody dare raise at a table , either in the green room or in the general meeting . missione
parliament and the european institutions remained silent when we submitted a request for an observation mission to be dispatched during the 2003 presidential elections , even though some candidates were being held in prison . missione
i am also pleased that the union has committed itself to sending a long-term observation mission to monitor the elections taking place this november , thus ensuring that every mauritanian citizen can exercise his or her voting rights . missione
it also remains for parliament , for its part , to support a request coming from the mauritanian authorities , namely that an election observation mission be sent by the commission to mauritania for the forthcoming elections : the legislative and municipal elections in november and the presidential elections in march . missione
in that context , the deployment of electoral observation missions for the forthcoming elections is foreseen and a first evaluation mission by the commission will indeed take place next week . missioni
everyone is aware that this is the biggest military mission the european union has ever undertaken , that it represents a challenge in terms of our political credibility and that , in addition to our role of peace keepers in an area that affects us very directly , the union has the opportunity to support diplomatic action throughout the region and to relaunch the peace process between israel and palestine . missione
i should like to take this opportunity to respond to some of the comments that have been made regarding the agency ’ s missions . missioni
firstly , we mobilised the civil protection mechanisms in the european countries , coordinated the aid mission and addressed the more specific problem of transporting humanitarian aid , given that certain countries offering aid did not have any means of transportation , which is a specific problem which needs to be examined in future . missioni
it is worth pointing out , in this regard , the increased importance of development cooperation in the context of the cotonou agreement , which had been suspended for more than a decade , the common foreign and security policy , the european security and defence policy , the appointment of a special envoy and the only military operations conducted outside europe : artemis in 2003 , in order to bring peace to ituri , and now eufor , in order to directly support a united nations peacekeeping mission and an election observation mission led by your fellow member , missione
the election observation mission was able to observe first hand the objective difficulties that the country and its population are experiencing . missione
i can also confirm to you that the election observation mission , placed under the control of general morillon , will continue to monitor the progress of the electoral process , in this interim period , until its conclusion . missione
. – i took part in parliament ’ s electoral observation mission in the democratic republic of congo . missione
that will primarily depend on congolese men and women , such as the independent candidate for parliament , eve bazaiba masudi , member of the kafko ngo , which is made up of women fighting courageously for peace , democracy and human rights , in close coordination with monuc , the united nations mission in the drc . missione
. – mr president , as head of the european union election observation mission in the democratic republic of congo , i have stayed in that country on many occasions , commissioner , since the commission entrusted me with the responsibility for the mission in october . missione
i think that the planned european parliament mission will be a further step towards re-establishing order in a country which deserves to finally enjoy some peace . missione
thirdly , this is an electoral process where the eu is playing a central role , as commissioner michel has already explained : 80 % of the cost of the election is being met by the european union , the biggest ever eu electoral observation mission in africa and all of it backed up by an eu military mission assisting our un partners in providing the necessary protection to enable the election to take place in peace and stability . missione
the electoral observation mission , ably led by our colleague general morillon – whose work i commend – has made only a preliminary report and any political assessment this parliament makes must similarly be guarded before drawing our own conclusions in this house . missione
tonight , i want to simply repeat my closing statement to the commission last week and say that redoubled efforts should be made to insist on the european union ’ s neutrality in this process and that the european observation mission must be specifically tasked with monitoring the allegations of bias made in the democratic republic of the congo . missione
i invite the commissioner to join with his colleague , commissioner ferrero-waldner , to ensure that the results of this monitoring are fully evaluated , both for the second round of the elections in the congo , and for the benefit of future european electoral missions . missioni
mr president , i was part of the observation mission , too , and the first-round polling day passed surprisingly smoothly , given the enormity of the task . missione
without any sycophancy , i would to like to congratulate general morillon for the way in which he has carried out the election observation mission up to now . missione
i believe that he deserves a lot of credit : he has carried out his mission under extremely difficult conditions ; with his considerable experience he has succeeded in seeing things in context when it has been necessary not to be absolutist , in being severe when it was necessary to be severe , and , in any case , in remaining rigorous and never straying from his course . smarrire
the union is the biggest supporter of the african union ’ s african mission in sudan peacekeeping operation . missione
for the mission to succeed , it is necessary to see economic competitiveness and human security as mutually interdependent elements that jointly create the conditions for a life of human dignity . interdipendenti
a future international presence in kosovo will not take the form of a european union mission in kosovo ( eumik ) . missione
after a solution has been found and when the united nations mission in kosovo ( unmik ) has been gradually disbanded , kosovo ’ s own institutions should themselves be responsible for dealing with their affairs . missione
i fully agree with minister lehtomäki and those meps who said that unmik will not be replaced by any kind of eumik , but rather a leaner , more streamlined international presence or international civilian mission . missione
needless to say , the international mission will also play an important role in the further economic development and in creating political stability in a possibly independent kosovo . missione
for our part , this agreement falls within a broader perspective , relating above all to the launch of a euro-adriatic strategy that should include the resumption of infrastructure projects such as corridor 8 and , more generally , the pursuit of the goal and historic mission of eu enlargement . missione
having seen it for myself , i can tell the house that mr berisha ’ s government is getting stuck in by prioritising an internal security programme and making use of its cooperative arrangements with europe , for example in police projects with pameca ( police assistance mission of the eu to albania ) , in customs and justice projects at parliamentary level , and , in particular , of the support given by the stability pact for south-eastern europe under its special coordinator erhard busek . missione
in order to restore peace and security , unifil ’ s mission is to ensure the withdrawal from southern lebanon and to help the lebanese government and army to extend their authority to that area and to all of lebanon . missione
the eu is already doing that , with the approval of the parties , in the eu bam rafah mission and the eucopps mission in the territories . missione
this should start with the rapid re-opening of the gaza crossings , in particular the rafah border , supported by the eu border assistance mission . missione
everything will depend on the outcome , however , and we have to realise that the military mission and aid for reconstruction are not the finishing line but the starting point , not an end but a means and , it must be said , a means that is liable to be totally inadequate if it is not quickly and promptly backed up with a political and diplomatic initiative aimed at restarting the talks between the two sides . missione
we must also be aware that , in order to be useful in such a difficult situation , the troops deployed will have to be respected , and , in order for that to happen , they will have to be strong , that is to say , they will need to have the resources appropriate to their mission and to have the right and the duty to implement them not only in the case of self-defence , that is to say , when their own soldiers are in danger , but also when the spirit or the letter of missione
the un mission is purely and simply the right way forward . missione
as regards peace-keeping , we must also make sure that the mission is successful . missione
i believe that the time is long overdue to echo the recommendation of the heads of the eu mission in jerusalem and call for the suspension of the eu-israel association agreement on the grounds of human rights abuses , as provided for by article 2 of that agreement . missione
if the aim is to achieve a lasting peace , troops are not enough , and so i call on the european union to organise the deployment of civilian peace corps as well along the lebanese-israeli border , with their own mandate and managed separately from the military mission . missione
as chairman of the political committee of that assembly , i shall be leading that delegation from 18 september , with our mission being to examine the conditions necessary for a resumption of political dialogue . missione
we do not have a constitution in force ; a constitution that includes a minister for foreign affairs , allows decisions to be made by qualified majority and enables the council to call upon a group of countries to carry out the mission which is now going to be carried out by certain member states . missione
it was the council ’ s decision to send a seven-thousand-strong contingent of troops to lebanon that saved the unifil mission . missione
for this to be able to happen in the short term , the most important thing , in my view , is to prepare and lead the unifil mission properly . missione
until recently , this was not a difficult mission and the forces ’ mandate was restricted . missione
however , the mission now needs to be significantly extended , meaning it will become dangerous , particularly for our troops on the ground . missione
therefore , i suggest we must close and seal the lebanese-syrian border , send an eu monitoring mission such as the one sent to serbia and republika srpska in the mid-1990s . missione
first , the unifil peace-keeping / peace enforcement mission in lebanon . missione
i would therefore express the wish that the parliamentary mission that will soon visit the region should carry with it this concern for balance and be able to contribute actively to seeking a peaceful solution between people of good will in the region , so affirming our intransigence towards intolerance and messages of hatred while , at the same time , displaying what binds us together as human beings . missione
for five years , in fact , ongoing conflicts ( in gaza , lebanon , iraq and afghanistan ) and the most serious diplomatic tensions ( on terrorist attacks , the iran issue , etc . ) have all revolved around the same point , and therefore they cannot be eradicated just by means of more or less legitimate military missions created every time and always under different names . missioni
according to the chinese mission to the european union in its 31 august news bulletin , the chinese people enjoy extensive freedom of religion . bollettino
whilst in the short term there is an urgent need for an independent commission to investigate the recent disappearances , abductions and extra-judicial executions , in the long term we must repeat the call made by this house in the last resolution for a wide-ranging human rights agreement between the parties involved in the civil war and its facilitation by an effective independent international monitoring mission . missione
representatives of the un peacekeeping mission were forced to withdraw from the country on the first of september because the tamil tigers were unable to guarantee security . missione
as a result , the sri lanka monitoring mission ( slmm ) lost most of its capability . missione
i believe that it is only right that we express our solidarity with these women and men who are involved in the peace missions in afghanistan , iraq and lebanon . missioni
our mission is to make the liberian government work again and be more responsive in delivering quality services to the liberian people . missione
turkey ’ s strategic significance was once again illustrated by its decision to take part in the unifil mission in lebanon . missione
the success of that mission will drag both islam and christianity far away from the terrible certainties of the 14th century . missione
the commission must make this a mission , and the council of ministers , too , must demand the fulfilment of and enforce turkey ’ s obligation at long last . missione
to support the darfur peace process , in 2004 the african union mission in sudan ( amis ) was set up . missione
the best hope is that it will agree to the extension of the mandate for a peace mission by the african union , although those with inside knowledge describe this as not only badly equipped and under-motivated , but also – quite simply – as completely out of its depth . missione
the mandate of the african union mission in sudan has been extended so that the un now has three more months in which to reach an agreement with the sudanese government on the need for a more effective multilateral force to protect civilians . missione
the mission of the african union has reached breaking point . missione
i should like to ask the council and the commission what they are doing in order to provide immediate support for a substantial united nations mission under chapter vii ? missione
it is true that the un is insisting that a united nations mission be sent to the area , but it is also true , as has been said , that the sudanese government ’ s opposition makes that more difficult . missione
the sudanese government is still opposed to a un mission , which would have significantly more resources , troops and powers than the present african union peace mission , which is largely ineffective . missione
much as the expansion of the african peace mission to 11 000 police officers and soldiers in the western sudan is to be welcomed , the african union ’ s continuing and collective support for un troops shows that this can be seen as no more than a transitional measure . missione
should that endeavour not be successful , and should the government in khartoum continue to refuse to countenance the presence of un peacekeepers on its territory , then it would be appropriate to further increase the logistical and material support provided to the african union mission to sudan . missione
if all that fails to impact on what is happening in sudan , we should consider calling on nato forces to ensure that the african union ’ s military mission is in a position to guarantee peace and security across the territory of sudan . missione
at that time , i represented the european parliament on a mission to india to prepare for the summit , confident that india was to become a strategic partner for us . missione
i therefore hope that the commission will soon submit to us a proposal aimed at integrating europol into the eu ’ s institutional system , with the europol convention to be replaced by a council decision , whereby the structure , working methods , scope of activity and missions will be subject to codecision . missioni
this question was tabled on the basis of a report in my name which was unanimously adopted on 6 december 1993 and which dealt with the protection of journalists on dangerous missions and in which - and i shall not dwell in the realms of philosophy - we called for practical aid to be given to journalists in trouble by setting up a ' coordination centre to collect information and grant specific aid ' . missioni
i believe it is essential for the public service tasks of the postal administrations to be preserved , and for this they must be left the means to accomplish their mission . missione
to fight against racism is to fight for democracy and to assume a fundamental mission . missione
is it therefore right for parliament to be so alienated from itself and from what should rightfully be its mission that it treats 9 may exactly the same as any other day by holding a plenary sitting , one which furthermore has an agenda containing the adoption of important texts , such as the directive on the postal services ? missione
in introducing the internal market , there was a need to determine clear and unambiguous ' rules of play ' which frame and control the opening up of the single market and preserve the public service mission of the postal service . missione
a certain model of society was at stake , a model based on public intervention to guarantee public service missions . missioni
you know that unfortunately the secretary general , mr boutros ghali , has been obliged to acknowledge that the united nations mission , minurso , is not in a position to complete the process of deciding who might take part in the referendum . missione
how sad in this house to hear it regretted for example that the united nations security council has decided de facto to withdraw the minurso , yet not to hear in this house that it is the moroccan government which is basically responsible for blocking the process of self-determination for the sahrawi people because for some years it has been preventing the work of the united nations missions ! missione
can the council provide more information on the di roberto report , the response of the parties concerned , his recent contacts and activities and proposals to continue and upgrade his mission in view of the forthcoming assumption by ireland of the presidency of the council ? incarico
i want to say something else , however , and to ask about the following . as you know , the european parliament believes , and has stated in a resolution , that the european union should undertake a comprehensive initiative to find a solution to the cyprus problem ; an initiative in the form of a joint action , as opposed to a mission by a representative of the presidency simply to monitor the cyprus situation . missione
i would , however , like to ask the president-in-office whether mr di roberto 's mission brought any actual gain which can further the work of the new , irish presidency , mediator . roberto
and something else : during the period of mr di roberto 's mission , we had the statements from denktash , of which you will be aware , about the fate of the missing greek cypriots in cyprus . roberto
the former soviet system has left much behind it and now there is direct contact between the new russia , the new countries seeking membership of the eu and the new western europe , geared to the fulfilment of its historic mission . missione
part of his mission is to enhance the relationship between the community institutions and bodies and european citizens . compito
the mediation missions under mr nyerere and mr ajello have been stonewalled by the mistrust between the various factions , and especially the attitude of the extremists ; the belgian and french schools in bujumbura have been closed ; french military and civil cooperation has been suspended ; the activities of some ngos have been suspended ; the national political dialogue has reached deadlock , with violence escalating in the hinterland ; and - let us not mince words , mr president - the army has been using violence against the civilian population . NULL
missions from the troika have visited burundi , various diplomatic representations have been made and both the union and the european parliament have put forward various resolutions . missioni
the informal meeting of foreign ministers at palermo on 20 march last - in the midst of the tension following the wave of terrorist attacks in israel - led to the definition of a balanced approach by the union , broadly taken up later by the peace summit of sharm-al-sheikh and also respected in the declaration of the lyon g7 , and in the various political missions of the troika in the middle east . missioni
however , the main problem is not the note , but the fact that at the same time , the inspection missions by the office of veterinary control were suspended and the commission failed to exercise its function as the initiator of legislation . missioni
you know , too , that on previous inspection visits to great britain - on which the member states have also been invited - we have already been investigating how the export ban is being observed on the ground , and there will be another of those inspection missions next week , when our programme will again include such investigations . missione
i would prefer this renunciation not to dispel the idea that we have a common need to serve the united nations ' peace-keeping missions , and to begin , at least , to equip ourselves with the intellectual resources of common security thinking before we draw any conclusions from it about defence . missioni
this necessity applies particularly to scientific achievements in the field of biotechnology , especially in the field of genetics , which on the one hand offer vast possibilities in the area of health for the prevention and treatment of disease , but which at the same time harbour significant dangers of deviating from the true mission of medicine and science , with incalculable consequences for the future of mankind itself . scientifiche
the commission delegation and the heads of missions of member states , in close contact with the international committee of the red cross , are monitoring very closely the situation of certain prisoners , such as mr abera yemane ab . capimissione
it must exist , because its voice contributes to maintaining pluralism along with television generally , but it must exist within a system where the public service mission is clearly defined . missione
it must be financed , because it is a public service with a social mission requiring subsidy . missione
we do not think a report on public television can ignore funding methods which guarantee the existence of public television and the quality and balance of the vast televisual panorama constituted by private and public television as a whole , because only as a whole can it accomplish a real mission of public service . missione
this financing should be transparent , directed clearly to each stage of the public service mission that television must accomplish , with year-end losses no longer written off . paternalistic methods which hinder the growth of public television and the identification of inefficiencies must go . missione
however , the fundamental mission of the eu is seriously incomplete , as what peace means nowadays is partly that people should feel a sense of belonging to society , that children should not be abused and that the economy should be brought into line with the requirements of environmental protection . compito
the presidency has also instructed the troika heads of mission in ankara to request the turkish authorities to remove recent administrative changes in ngos working from turkey into northern iraq , so that the ngos can be better placed to help alleviate the humanitarian consequences of the current situation in northern iraq . missione
it is widely acknowledged that the broad parameters for a solution have been identified in the set of ideas elaborated by the good offices mission of the united nations secretary-general . legazione
madam president , our mission as observers under the leadership of mrs pack took place in surroundings of destruction and desolation , among people most of whom sadly seemed to us to be unwilling to live together any more , and in a general climate in which intolerance , violence , totalitarianism , religious prejudice and , incidentally , corruption are affecting , admittedly to different extents , each of the three major regions of bosnia . compito
the scope of these centres ' work is also being changed to increase their role in attracting investment , to give them a regional mission and to encourage the longterm sustainability . funzione
it wishes to work with everyone in order to attain real measures of revitalization of rail transport , so that the latter can fully assure its mission of providing a public service , in other words responding to the interests of staff and users , contributing to a harmonious arrangement of the territory and encouraging cooperation within the european union . missione
we were there with a small parliamentary mission and we met president castro himself - carlos lage was there too , incidentally . missione
these are duties such as peacekeeping missions , humanitarian aid and so on , which could be carried out under the leadership of the western european union . compiti
first , you tell me that the primary mission of this observatory would be to ' know ' . missione
this is the real essence of this mission , because if that force arrives in three weeks ' time it will be kept very busy burying the bodies but it will have very little else to do . missione
there is a risk that the eu 's stance will be interpreted as cowardice - it could propose weu participation in humanitarian missions , within the framework of the cfsp , but it does not do so . missioni
we have placed ourselves at his disposal and will spare no effort in enabling the special envoy 's mission to achieve the degree of success we expect it to . missione
today , the continued presence of the israeli army in hebron , the increased colonization of palestinian territory and the opening of the tunnel under the esplanade of the mosques in east jerusalem are clear symbols of the difficulties against which the peace process is having to struggle , and show how little may have been achieved by the various missions of the european ministerial troikas . missioni
while this mechanism foresees the possibility for osce participating states to decide on the constitution of an osce mission to investigate the human rights situation in another osce state , in practice the cooperation of the latter state is vital for the mission to be able to operate . missione
as i said in reply to the honourable member , in practice it is vital for the success of these missions that the state which they intend to visit should cooperate . missioni
i understand that this week the military junta in rangoon has actually turned down the european union 's proposed mission there on the grounds that there is no forced labour there . missione
i should like to say to the council that i did not wait for an official mission - neither did my colleague , mrs kinnock - i actually went to burma a couple of weeks ago on a tourist visa , under cover , and i saw forced-labour gangs working on the roads there . missione
we wish to contribute to the defence and renewal of public enterprises so that they can properly fulfil their mission of public service by responding to the interests of consumers and workers and by allowing harmonious regional development , while encouraging cooperation within the european union . funzione
a taskforce of dg viii is working out the details of this plan after an assessment mission to the region in coordination with echo and the special envoy , and taking into account regional and international peace-building efforts as well as the activities of other donors . missione
this is one of the topics which the commission assessment mission in rwanda last week had as its mandate . missione
in conclusion , the commission maintains its directive proposal as it stands because it complies fully with the mission of harmonization which was given to the commission by member states in order to remove any obstacles to the free movement of goods , services and people throughout the community . missione
secondly , the draft decision proposes the adoption of a number of characteristics that must coincide in any political union if it is to be capable of fulfilling the mission described by article 138a and thereby justify its status as a european party . raggruppamento
our group feels strongly enough to contribute , in association with trade union organisations , employees and user associations , to the failure of this draft directive , to contribute to the defence and renewal of public companies so that they can fulfil entirely their mission of public service , responding to the interests of users and employees , enabling harmonious integration into their environment and facilitating cooperation within the european union and internationally . missione
in addition all the programming missions under the tacis programme have been cancelled . missioni
with the support of the commission , the presidency-in-office - the irish presidency - has taken the initiative of sending a fact-finding mission to belarus . missione
the actual terms of reference for this mission will be defined shortly and the commission 's view is that this mission should involve both sides in high level political meetings . missione
the expert mission that visited honduras at the beginning of 1996 to study the aid options was able to assure itself of the government 's determination to take appropriate measures to separate children from adults in the prisons and to provide specialized institutions so that these children will be safe from physical abuse . missione
achieving a peaceful , democratic and prosperous european continent in the next century is no longer a vision , but a political mission to ensure that the forthcoming enlargement is a success . compito
the serbian government must obey all the recommendations of the gonzález mission , there is no question about it . missione
the presidency can help here by organizing a special troika mission to apply the necessary pressure on the spot . missione
i was a little disappointed with mr van mierlo 's statement that although he supports our resolution , he is not sure whether organizing a troika mission is the right thing to do . missione
you can never really tell exactly when such a mission should be carried out or how successful it will be . missione
part of the european union 's mission is to help these countries rid themselves of a scourge that never makes any contribution to the advance of democratic awareness . missione
from this angle , there is continuity in the council 's decision and the system employed , to the extent that it is based on the principle of relative stability , which has succeeded in fulfilling the mission of distributing resources objectively , but , as we see it , it has some important failings today . compito
the success of the longterm osce mission depends on the support it obtains from the international community and the reputation of the mediators may be high in the field but also depends on that support . missione
let us take part in the observation missions organized for this purpose , so that the result of this electoral consultation cannot be contested by anyone and democracy can finally be installed in algeria , favouring the re-establishment of peace . missioni
we are looking very carefully for suitable avenues of approach , either direct measures or perhaps in future the sending of a troika mission so that we can not only be au fait with the situation in kashmir but also talk forcefully to the indian and local authorities about matters like this hostage question raised in questions here . missione
in view of the gravity of the humanitarian situation in zaire , mrs bonino undertook a mission from 30 january to 2 february with a view to facilitating access for humanitarian aid in the east of the country . missione
in this respect , i should like , among other things , to stress the value of the mission that was sent to angola very soon after the last session of the acp joint assembly , and which enabled us to see from the inside the problems angola is facing and the tragic blocking of the peace process . missione
we see it too in the individual delegations and missions , where we find suspicion and hostility between embassies and between delegations of the european commission . missioni
the eu special envoy to the middle east peace process reports regularly on his mission to the council through the presidency and the commission , with special regard to his mandate , as outlined in the decisions of the ministers ' meetings of 28 and 29 october 1996 and the dublin declaration of 14 december 1996 . regolarmente
naturally i endorse mr patijn 's words and , as you heard , the commission was part of the missions to tirana . missioni
now that a compromise has been reached between the berisha government , between president berisha and the opposition , partly at the prompting of the council presidency of the european union , of osce missions headed by former chancellor vranitsky and missions from the council of europe , it is vital now that pressure is brought to bear to ensure that this agreement is indeed adhered to rigorously , both by president berisha and the opposition parties . missioni
the september 1995 project-appraisal mission concluded that the project , with its specific features of river stabilization , tree-planting and pasture-growing , would have a beneficial impact on the environment . missione
the general affairs council of the european union on 24 march decided to send a mission to albania to advise the albania authorities on humanitarian , economic and political issues and on questions of security . missione
this advisory mission will operate within the framework of the osce which will coordinate the efforts of the international community in albania . missione
the job of the mission was to advise on the remit and composition of the subsequent advisory mission and it reported on 4 april . missione
the results of the mission will be debated shortly both by the european union and by the osce in vienna . missione
the european union and osce will be consulting more closely and taking final decisions on the mandate and structure of the advisory mission . missione
the preparatory mission found that the albanian authorities need material support and more particularly with a view to the longer term they need advice and training . missione
to obtain a better idea of training and advice requirements it would be a good idea for the advisory mission to include a team of 20 or so police officials . missione
the preparatory mission 's report says that the police framework envisaged should be a joint effort by the european union and the western european union in cooperation with the council of europe . missione
on top of all of that are the statements by the italian government 's undersecretary for foreign affairs , who has been mandated by the united nations to command the mission and who considers it appropriate to sideline berisha , although that is outside the un mandate . missione
that is certainly no reason for accepting that it should be italy , and considering it appropriate that it should be italy , that organizes the intervention and a mission to bring humanitarian assistance to albania . missione
we have again to say that it is inappropriate that italy should be leading this mission , particularly since it is not yet clear what exactly happened to cause the sinking of the albanian vessel with the loss of 80 lives , but we cannot say that that mission - which is a humanitarian mission , a mission that should guarantee a return to civilian life in albania - should now be blocked . missione
the aim of that mission should not just be to protect the consignment of humanitarian aid but also to bring the local police forces back into operation via a process of cooperation that is designed to eliminate and disarm the criminal bands and thereby encourage the ability of the independent national albanian forces to deal with resolving their own problems . missione
but i say that as a member of the opposition , but having to hear it from influential representatives of the majority , which supports the government that is sending out the mission , is perhaps a little more difficult here in this european parliament . missione
were that racist ranting to be confirmed , it would be of a pair with yesterday 's statement by an italian undersecretary of state , representing the main party of the left in the government , who had the effrontery and arrogance to assign to the humanitarian assistance and security mission the objective of securing the fall of freely-elected president berisha . missione
madam president , in contrast to my group , i have signed and will be voting in my personal capacity for the compromise resolution on albania , because i approve of what it says and agree that there is an urgent need to send an international humanitarian mission . missione
moreover , the voices raised here too in opposition to the mission , those of my own group , have no immediate valid alternatives to offer , save for general political proposals which do nothing to resolve the short term crisis albania is experiencing . missione
the mission will have some hope of success only if those basic rules are respected . missione
the dutch presidency , moreover , yesterday summarized the situation , cynically , as ' a somewhat unenviable mission ' . missione
madam president , today 's approval in this house of the oecd 's so-called humanitarian military mission to albania marks an unhappy coincidence . missione
while expressing the deepest understanding of the requests and pleas put forward by the forces of democracy in albania , we are unfortunately in no doubt that the oecd mission , under italian control , will not only fail to provide them with any satisfaction or support but will eventually cause damage - not irreparable , we trust -to the cause of democracy , the return to normality and the restoration of peace in albanian society . missione
i would also hope that china 's mission to the european union will step up its contacts and dialogue with members of this house at all levels , and that both sides will show the same spirit of openness . NULL
as has been pointed out , a fact-finding mission sent by the european union concluded that such a referendum could be declared illegal and that the constitution did not establish an adequate separation of powers or the proper control and balance of these . missione
in response to the conclusions of the mission , which were endorsed by the council of ministers on 24 february , the minister of foreign affairs of belarus sent a letter to the presidency the day before yesterday , the content of which will be discussed with the member states . missione
i would like to point out that , during the mission by the council of europe in february 1996 , the late lord finsberg had called attention to the many problems affecting the greco-cypriot community in the northern part of the island . missione
i think it is very important that , within the context of the intergovernmental conference , which should finish with a revision of the maastricht treaty , a number of the proposals of the irish presidency , which have been retained by the dutch presidency , and which aim to write equality between men and women into the treaty , which is one of the missions of the community , are indeed written into it . missioni
i will not repeat it , but i consider it essential that , in the treaty itself , certain objectives aim more specifically at affirming that equality for men and women will constitute one of the community 's missions . missioni
by proceeding in this way our parliament has abandoned its role of providing political impetus , which still remains after all , and will for a long time , its chief mission in the context of the cfsp . missione
in the circumstances , one of the innovative proposals of the tindemans report , the integration of petersberg missions into the treaty , may actually be twisting our rapporteur 's intentions to some extent . missioni
it is certainly desirable to confer on these missions the status of common action and thus extend the panoply of our means of intervention , but given our patent lack of resolution , it is a good bet that what could be an important breakthrough will only be window-dressing in the end , and consequently a pointer to our indecision . missioni
the european union ought to be promoting a new model of pan-european security , developing the osce by reforming its decision-making processes and increasing its capacities and resources , and coordinating the armed forces of member states to perform ' petersburg ' missions - but always at the request of the united nations or the osce . missioni
if we are going to talk about petersberg missions i think we must equip ourselves to carry them out and , in my view , we cannot accept unanimous decision-making in the council if we really want europe to be in a position to accomplish these missions . operazioni
to carry out this kind of mission , there has to be a military force to back up the civilian force . a civilian force alone is certainly not up to the task . missione
the possibility for the union to decide to implement humanitarian and aid missions , to keep the peace and to administer the weu will represent the first significant expression of the security and defence aspects of the maastricht treaty . missioni
petersberg missions should only be carried out with a direct mandate from the un or osce . missioni
this body , extraneous both to the union and to nato , revived like lazarus after 40 years of slumber , is today incapable of taking control of the mission to albania , totally consistent though it is with the petersberg undertakings . missione
nor is it appropriate , in my view , to refer to the eu undertaking peace-restoring missions as distinct from peacekeeping and peacemaking operations . missioni
we also support the gradual integration of the western european union into the eu , and the dovetailing of the weu and nato that is required , as well as the incorporation of the petersberg missions into the eu treaty , since this would underpin the credibility of european security policy . missioni
in addition , to address the future of europe 's defence industry , we cannot ignore factors that will determine the mission of military systems , such as peace-keeping , the protection of energy resources , the suppression of blackmail and terrorism , surveillance , counter espionage and recognition at world-wide level . missioni
for future intervention under the petersberg missions , however , we need new strike forces , new ships , new satellites and the future large aircraft . missioni
from 26 to 29 april , a mission to the region was carried out by the special representative , mr ajello , and a representative of the presidency . incaricato
during this mission , the adfl leader , mr kabila , was strongly urged to allow unhcr assistance , and he promised to give the unhcr full access to the territory captured by the adfl . missione
on 12 may , the un mission returned empty-handed from kigali . missione
the council is convinced of the need for a thorough , independent inquiry into the accusations , and calls on the adfl to cooperate fully with the un mission . missione
a regime - and this is now official - which despatches hired murderers on missions abroad and which exhorts its supporters to murder other country 's citizens - they do not care about what we say . missione
the security council however decided to await the report of the advisor from the united nations humanitarian affairs department who was sent to sudan before the resolution was presented for implementation ; his mission was to investigate the consequences of such a sanction on sudan airways , particularly its effect on humanitarian aid . invio
we were very disappointed when the local military rulers did not allow the united nations centre for human rights and other agencies to send a fact-finding mission on humanitarian needs because the conditions imposed were such that it could not be accepted . missione
from the contacts we had with our special envoy who met the foreign minister of the democratic republic of congo yesterday , it would seem that the difficulties have been overcome and we hope that in the very near future a fact-finding mission on the humanitarian situation and of the needs to respond to quickly will be made inside the democratic republic congo . missione
for example , on the petition about opencast lignite mining in garzweiler , because we as a committee thought that the information provided by the petitioners was insufficient , we decided to send a fact-finding mission there . mission
i can tell you that this programme is basically on target and that the mission entrusted to us by the treaty is to be accomplished . missione
the fact that the eu accepts the petersberg undertakings , peace-keeping and peace-making missions in other words , is positive . missioni
at an inter-state level this co-operation also includes non-binding support on defence issues and common efforts in international peace keeping missions . operazioni
young people can be our allies in this mission , because they have a great capacity for learning , they are enthusiastic and are hungry for the new experiences that can be theirs when they spend some time in other countries . NULL
security permitting , needs assessment missions will be undertaken by humanitarian aid agencies as soon as possible . appena
for example , there are a number of requests that we ask for further information concerning mission expenses and canteen expenses . missione
the petersberg missions and the policy planning and early warning unit which can be set up under the treaty have been ratified , and the high representatives are a good idea . missioni
without these reforms , the union will lose momentum , and if it is deprived of strength and coherence , i fear it will collapse under the weight of its historic mission to enlarge . missione
this is the new spirit we need to generate , otherwise i fear that our historic mission to unite all the democratic countries of europe within the union will be too onerous , if we do not have sound , coherent structures and the political will to create a genuine union rather than just a free trade zone , a genuine union that has a role to play in the world . missione
having been entrusted by the osce with the mission for coordinating observers for the mandate for assessing the elections which have just taken place in that country , i can confirm much of what has already been said . missione
i should like to say to mrs van dijk that , until the european union has the instruments it needs to go on peace missions , and therefore also - as in this case - to arrest war criminals , we will always be trying to find fault with one state or another : today it has been france , tomorrow it could be italy or the united kingdom . missioni
we have therefore expressed our satisfaction concerning the legislative elections held on 5 june , whilst noting the statement by joint international mission of observers regarding certain significant shortcomings . missione
mr president , missio pacis , mission of peace . missione
it introduces then , into the policies that we are to define , a certain obligatory mission of universal service according to social expectations and thanks to the possibilities offered by the new technologies . compito
it is probable that free competition in the telecommunications sector is today the structure best adapted to the mission of public service , but i want to draw the commission 's attention to the fact that , without a european regional policy , without a policy on social cohesion , deregulation will only benefit interests devoid of democratic legitimacy . compito
concerning mrs oddy 's proposal to consider the possibility of putting mary robinson in charge of a special mission aimed at promoting a rapprochement between the two sides and to put an end to the conflict which is raging in the country , i am completely open to this proposal . missione
mr president , the issue that we are debating today is fundamental to all who realise that , in order to consolidate its position and to be able to fulfil its historic mission in the international arena , the european union must be a place of freedom , security and justice . vocazione
the union for europe group , of which i am a member , initiated a peace mission last week to angola . missione
the commission , through the food and veterinary service will continue its mission to monitor the situation in member states , despite the fact that enforcement is the responsibility of each member state . missione
whilst our rapporteur has in no way challenged the pertinence of the criteria , i do not share his view that the convergence criteria would limit the margin for manoeuvre of member states in their social mission . interventi
i share the aims of the report regarding the need to ensure a high level of social protection within the european union and the analysis noting that the convergence criteria limit the budgetary margin for manoeuvre which member states have to fulfil their social mission . obblighi
for , let there be no doubt , madam president , modernity , as foreseen by the great thinkers of the 19th century , has accomplished its historic mission : work has liberated us from work . missione
with regard to article 11 , it is essential to underline the importance of parliament 's mission to help ensure the uniform application of the rule of law in different situations within the union . contribuire
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , our group modestly requested that following the mission of mrs bonino to afghanistan a debate would be organized to listen to her directly , and to hear her impressions , particularly what she felt during the three hours she spent " in sheet metal ' , if i can put it like that , in the prisons of the taliban . missione
madam president , on 3 october last , the united nations mission for human rights was called to the un headquarters for consultations . missione
madam president , we regret the complete absence of any readiness for cooperation by the congolese government , and should like to express our deep concern about the departure of the un mission of inquiry from the democratic republic of congo . missione
we should like to emphasize that the un measures must be carried out , and appeal to president kabila to cooperate fully with the un mission of inquiry , and to permit it unlimited and unconditional access to the interior of the country . missione
madam president , with the members of my group and most members of this chamber , i certainly associate myself with the criticism which has been made of the obstacles which the authorities of the democratic republic of congo have put in the way of the united nations mission of inquiry . missione
the european union cannot , in fact , accept that the congolese president is defying the entire international community and preventing a united nations mission from investigating accusations made against the kinshasa government for making indiscriminate massacres in eastern zaire . missione
europe should make respect for international legality and the implementation of the un mission in kivu a fundamental condition for the resumption of cooperation with the democratic republic of congo . missione
the united nations can send a mission of inquiry , invoking the fact that there is a threat to peace , and the algerian authorities cannot oppose it if the un security council authorizes it . NULL
the commission regrets that the constructive dialogue which was started at the time of the troika mission to kinshasa and continued at the meeting with the foreign affairs minister , mr karaha , in brussels , has not been followed by results . missione
the commission supports csce in its wish to resume its mission in kosovo , and calls on the authorities of the federal republic of yugoslavia to be willing to accept the presence , on the ground , of the high commissioner of csce to national minorities . missione
he even wishes to set up a multinational social " mission ' . missione
as concerns the supplementary question , i have just said that the commission 's mission was to take the necessary measures and as necessary to present appropriate proposals to ensure compliance with rules for the protection of consumer health . compito
it is certainly not up to the americans to say who should govern iraq , but it may fall to them and to a european diplomatic mission , finally unified on this question , to create the conditions for a democratic evolution by using a more generous approach in a country where the leaders exploit a collective paranoia which we do nothing but feed . unificata
prior to the meeting of the joint assembly at lomé , our parliament sent a mission to togo which found that the minimal democratic conditions for holding this assembly had been met . missione
our citizens are bored , they are uninspired and the mission of building a new europe has little resonance with them now . missione
the billingham report indicates to you today that it will be necessary to go further , by means of a green paper , and a white paper , that it would be better to define what is to be understood by a mission of general economic interest , in the same way that it will be necessary to specify the notion of general interest services other than from a purely consumerist conception . missione
that way we will be able to support democratic and humanitarian strengths in all candidate countries , and that is our mission . missione
it is our mission to make the right choices . compito
the european parliament 's delegation responsible for overseeing relations with countries of eastern europe recently visited tirana and , in my opinion , undertook an extremely successful mission to albania , within the framework of the fourth intergovernmental meeting between the european parliament and the albanian parliament . missione
i call on parliament to overturn the relevant resolution as unacceptable , since it undermines the role of our parliamentary delegation following its very successful mission to tirana . missione
a glance at joint actions already taken by the european union , particularly the administration of mostar , followed by electoral monitoring , as in palestine and bosnia , mine-clearance , special missions such as that to ruanda , and the kedo actions , all portray an extreme lack of coherence in the way in which these activities are being implemented and administered . incaricati
i believe that the european parliament has a crucial part to play in our mission of giving the european union back to the people , in explaining the key issues to the people of europe , in ensuring they have the chance to speak and that their voice is heard . missione
finally , with regard to algeria , i am quite surprised that we need to send parliamentary missions as if our secret services had not already got enough information on the subject . missioni
as regards the island of reunion , the commission accepts the amendments in principle , but we are not yet in a position to give a technical definition of the methods and quantities because the french request arrived very late ; the commission has however sent a mission to the island of reunion , but we are still waiting for further information which we have asked the french authorities for . missione
that is why i am calling for the echo mandate to be extended to prigorodny and for the eu to assist the osze fact finding mission there in bringing international support into the region in order to resolve the conflict . mission
we wish him well on his mission to baghdad . missione
therefore my group , too , is totally convinced that the mission to be undertaken on friday by kofi annan must receive full support , in order to render a military conflict impossible . missione
on behalf of my group , i hope that the annan mission will be successful and , above all , i hope we will reflect on how we can rectify this inadequacy . missione
selective unilateral punishment missions have nothing to do with the development of international law . missioni
we know that those who are seeking to disarm iraq were those who armed it in the first place , and that those who condemned the iraqi exploits in kuwait put up with the double protectorate imposed on lebanon . we are also aware that the unscom mission , in the eyes of many observers , is an american venture rather than a tool of the united nations , that the current embargo and the future war influences or will influence the ordinary people much more than those in charge of them , and that the allies of the united missione
thirdly , the union should wholeheartedly support the mission of the un secretary general and reaffirm the absolute priority which it accords to diplomatic efforts . missione
it must be europe 's task to get america to support the united nations fully , now in the case of this mission , but also in the security council , to ensure as broad a consensus as possible ; otherwise , the military strike becomes a slap in the face of the arabs and ultimately also a slap in the face of the europeans who seek a good relationship with this region . missione
the joint resolution of several political groups calls us to this responsibility today ; it calls us to define a common position , to support all diplomatic means , particularly the missions of the un and its secretary general , and its proposal of oil in return for food directed at the population . missioni
we also know the role his government has played , first to block , then to hinder the mission in iraq of the secretary general , kofi annan . missione
i would add that the coalition comes from the west alone and that the united states seems to have decided to act without any mandate from the un , despite a half-hearted blessing given to the last chance mission of the secretary general of the un , kofi annan , which we obviously hope will be fruitful . missione
therefore , we feel that the present diplomatic mission by kofi annan needs every support . missione
we have to support the un secretary general in his mission . missione
madam president , mr chairman of the council , i would also like to know what concrete proposals the british presidency has presented within the european union to support the mission of kofi annan and not to undermine it . missione
as a result of the mission , the democratic party is finally considering returning to parliament , and the government seems to be firmly committed to helping with political normalization , but the pressure will certainly have to be kept up on all the parties in order to further political and parliamentary cooperation . missione
the commission completely agrees with the proposals made by the tri-parliamentary mission . missione
just last week there was a commission identification mission to see how the country 's political normalization is progressing . missione
mr president , i had the honour of taking part in this mission with mrs pack , which i believe was the first tri-parliamentary mission in the history of our parliament . missione
the constitutional block in albania was the fundamental reason for this mission . missione
with our tri-parliamentary mission , we sought to convince all our partners that a parliament , formed as a result of a laborious response from the ballot-boxes but also universally recognized as acceptable , is a parliament that is also legitimized to draw up the new constitution . missione
i therefore embrace the total support given to the secretary general of the united nations for the mission he has undertaken in iraq . missione
we confirm that we have succeeded in equipping the osce mission , that the government has made concessions and that is a step towards a positive future and we want and ought to do everything together with the commission to ensure survival and hope that we quickly achieve positive results . missione
saying no to the mai is basically saying no to the current notions of the oecd , but perhaps it is also an opportunity to set the ball rolling on the question of whether to retain an institution of this kind . at the very least , it may be a chance to redefine its mission . compito
on 15 february the commission sent a fact finding mission to kosovo to find out what else could be done . mission
therefore , we welcome the new mission and mandate given to felipe gonzález as the personal representative of the osce chairman-in-office for the former yugoslav republic . missione
so we are going to support the measures adopted by the contact group , call on europe to play a greater role and , of course , support the mission which appears to have been accepted by the former president of the spanish government , felipe gonzález . incarico
the uk presidency has just sent a high-level mission to the south-east asian countries to correct misunderstandings about the extent of europe 's role in dealing with the situation and to help prepare the summit 's message on this subject . missione
as the honourable member will be aware a ministerial troika mission visited algiers on 19-20 january 1998 . missione
i recognise that the situation is not completely clear which is the point of sending the mission in the first place . missione
secondly , we thought it was very important that a mission statement should be established that set out clearly the aims and objectives of the foundation . intenti
the relevant working group within the council had been asking for a report on the subject from the european union 's head of mission in beirut since 1997 . missione
let me go into a little more detail - and mrs wenheuer mentioned this - on an idea which goes against the flow , namely that while of course the personnel resources made available to the institutions and in particular to the commission are insufficient , at the same time the number of missions is increasing , the competencies of the european union are extending and the number of member states is increasing . incarichi
with these thoughts , we call for common action for european participation in the post-sfor force along with the other efforts already being made , such as the training of local police forces in the context of the un policing mission . missione
amendment no 15 : parliament proposes regular meetings between the heads of the mission and the commission . missione
firstly , i wholeheartedly thank parliament and the committees involved for dealing so swiftly with our proposals , in particular the fact that a special parliament mission under the leadership of mr spencer went to sarajevo to get acquainted with the situation on the ground . missione
we are very aware that , beyond el niño , human responsibility is very high , both in the asian continent and with regard to the brazilian authorities , which are still delaying the arrival of the united nations mission that should have become operational several days ago . missione
a mission will be carried out by echo to indonesia in april to assess further humanitarian needs in vulnerable areas , including kalimantan . aprile
the mission will enable the commission to programme its assistance in 1998 to areas where humanitarian needs are most urgent . missione
i am convinced that the european group on ethics will continue this important mission . missione
the fourth element , finally , is public service mission . missione
market pressures will be exerted on the principles and mission of public service , which risks being progressively dismantled in the face of attacks from competition . missione
in this connection , we have decided to bring many people together in order to , for example : challenge the stability pact and replace it with a growth and employment pact ; ensure too that the central bank 's status and mission are reviewed ; achieve real monetary cooperation , with a common rather than a single currency , based on the national currencies , which would allow appropriations to be increased to favour employment ; and guarantee that the public services , which contribute to social cohesion , have the necessary resources to fulfil their duties in the missione
to do that , i think it would be necessary to coordinate the member states ' armed forces , in order to carry out the so-called petersberg missions . missioni
it only contains two innovations : the incorporation into the cfsp of cooperation in the field of armaments , and the petersberg missions . missioni
here is a modern , present-day version of the eu 's peace mission . adoperi
furthermore , six years ago , almost to the point of convincing the public that it was possible to do better , the pietersberg agreement was invented to conduct peace missions : not one has ever been carried out , and i wonder when one will be . missioni
we have already increased the number of european community mission monitors on the albanian border with kosovo and have also placed monitors in macedonia . osservatori
as for direct aid to the indonesian people , because of the economic situation , there has already been an on-the-spot mission to assess the true situation . missione
i am thinking here of visits by parliamentarians to third countries and of activities , such as election observer missions and the like , performed by parliamentarians . compiti
i am a member of the committee on development and cooperation , which was assured by the commission that early warning systems had been put in place by the european union to deal with humanitarian aid missions of this sort . missioni
from an irish perspective , we should assist in humanitarian missions to the region . missioni
there is a mission from the gambia in the country ; the official organization of portuguese-speaking countries has offered to mediate in the conflict ; in this resolution the european parliament calls on the european union and the un to intervene . missione
this parliament , which is moving onwards and upwards , slowly but surely , will be judged by the quality of its work , the awareness of its responsibility in fulfilling its mission , and its ability to reconcile the challenges of constructing europe with unflagging political activity within the member states and with its ability to represent its people . missione
because whilst its mission was to herald the third stage of economic and monetary union , the institute also had the mission of reflecting , not only on the establishment of the forthcoming common monetary policy but also of shedding light on three basic considerations for the good performance of this monetary policy . NULL
the excellent mission he has accomplished leaves us with great hopes for the work he will accomplish at the head of the ecb , which we wish him much success in , and it is certainly a good guarantee of his concept of democratic responsibility . nel
at a meeting between the heads of the eu-accredited mission to equatorial guinea and president obiang , which took place in cameroon in may 1998 , the mission heads expressed the concerns of the european union with regard to the human rights situation in equatorial guinea . missione
in this context , the council welcomes the proposal whereby the igad partner forum ( ipf ) would despatch a ministerial-level mission to khartoum and nairobi to investigate the possibilities of bringing about a cease-fire in the areas hardest hit by famine in order to allow humanitarian aid to get through . missione
i have seen the newspaper reports that the irish minister has requested this ministerial mission and am glad that it has been organised . missione
so , in addition , issues such as security and defence , for example , which also cause difficulties in certain member states , have been in some way resolved through the petersberg missions . missioni
the programme is supported by the osce mission in minsk , since it fully complements the osce 's own objectives . missione
in the first place , it is absolutely deplorable that up to now all the efforts of various international organizations , including a portuguese-angolan mission , have not achieved a definitive cease-fire and a peaceful political solution to the problem , owing to lack of goodwill on the part of those involved in the conflict . missione
i believe that the council is right in supporting the igad and in endeavouring to engineer things so that we can send another ministerial mission to khartoum and nairobi and put a stop to the fighting . missione
i request that the commissioner send a signal via our mission in luanda that this conflict may not be allowed to break out , to call for the second round of elections and especially to say that the profits from oil must not be spent on arms , but on the angolese . missione
in the light of the current serious humanitarian crisis , the igad partners decided to send a ministerial mission to khartoum and nairobi to explore the possibilities of securing a break in the fighting . missione
madam president , i have asked the commissioner if the eu mission in luanda would send out a signal to prevent a new war in that country . missione
in may of this year , an assessment mission took place and the relevant organisations are currently trying to determine the best method of implementing this specific programme for humanitarian , food and development aid that was presented by the commission to the council of ministers . NULL
what we therefore need is a strengthening of the democratic institutions in russia , particularly those whose mission is to guarantee the rule of law . relative
those british labour members who clearly abstained also bear responsibility for the fact that parliament cannot fulfil one of its primary missions , namely to create a citizens ' europe . funzioni
without the jewish and arab , talmudic and islamic reception of aristotelian and other antique philosophy , from which the leading arab and islamic philosophers developed key concepts such as the univocity of being ( avicenna / ibn sina ) and the differentiation of truth ( averroës / ibn rashid ) , the world would never have experienced either the flowering of scholasticism , the renaissance , or the modern sciences with the sense of mission that was shaped for them by bacon and descartes . bacone
following an initiative by foreign ministers mr kinkel and mr védrine , the presidency has set up working parties in belgrade and in geneva made up of interested eu states , russia , the unhcr , the ircc and the ecmm and kdom observer missions . missioni
the european union and its partners can play a part here , if their observer missions carry out frequent patrols in the areas concerned , to convey the sense that there is some form of international monitoring . missioni
in relation to the returnee project which i mentioned earlier , we are also endeavouring to bolster the ecmm eu observer mission . missione
the ecmm and the diplomatic observers from eu states working with it form the european contingent of what is known as the kdom , the kosovo diplomatic observer mission , which also has an american and a russian contingent . mission
moreover , the eu presidency is taking part in a joint mission of the presidencies of the osce , the council of europe and the eu , which will be travelling to tirana on friday . missione
madam president-inoffice , mr van den broek , 250 000 refugees is a sufficiently high number to warrant intervention beyond fact-finding missions or beyond the ' plastic surgery ' type of operation we have seen in the past few years . missioni
i agree with the commission that of course we must look at other options too , but unfortunately we did not manage to send a weu mission to albania in the past either . missione
so the least we could do was to combine the ecmm and the kdom , in other words to strengthen the two missions i referred to in my opening statement , for i believe one thing always worries milosevic : monitoring and information being passed on . missioni
however , we hope that further political dialogue will be possible during the troika visit , which has been scheduled in principle , and that we can then review all the questions raised during the earlier troika mission . missione
since early 1997 , the eu , through its heads of mission in tel aviv , has been monitoring israeli settlement activities , the situation in jerusalem and the human rights situation in the west bank and gaza . aviv
the european union sent a troika mission to east timor , which was there from 26 to 30 june . missione
following a council decision , the troika mission report was published on 24 july . troika
the main outcome of this mission is as follows . firstly , according to its members , any long-term solution to the east timor issue must respect the wishes of the east timorese people . NULL
the members of the troika mission also supported this . troika
in a letter dated 23 july 1998 , the gabonese prime minister asked the commission to send an observer mission for the whole electoral process . missione
as you know , after the european conference on tourism and employment in luxembourg , we set up a high-level group whose mission was to examine how best tourism could contribute towards employment . incaricato
revisiting an initiative of foreign ministers mr kinkel and mr védrine , the presidency has also set up working groups in belgrade and geneva , composed of interested eu states , the usa , russia , unhcr , the icrc , and the ecmm and kdom observer missions . missioni
the current mission of the american special envoy , mr holbrooke ; the consultations in the security council on the report tabled by the united nations secretary-general ; the preparations being made in nato for possible air strikes ; and the forthcoming meetings of the contact group and the north atlantic council , should , in the meantime , have made it abundantly clear to belgrade that the international community 's patience is running out . NULL
the mission by the american envoy richard holbrooke has so far been a failure . missione
the amsterdam treaty , not yet ratified by all the eu member states , will , in theory , provide a means for us to undertake peace-enforcing , peace-keeping and humanitarian action in the form of petersberg missions ; the eu will have the option of giving the western european union , which would itself have to call on contingents of nato troops , a mandate to undertake action of this kind . missioni
for the eldr this is a union both wider and deeper with a political and social as well as an economic mission , but also with the institutional capability to see it through . missione
the main provisions of the agreement that was approved by the osce permanent council on 15 october and signed by foreign ministers geremek and jovanovic on 16 october are as follows . firstly , within the next few weeks an unarmed group of about 2 000 observers will be stationed in kosovo , what is called the kosovo verification mission , led by the osce in close cooperation with nato . mission
this mission is to monitor respect for un security council resolution 1199 , adopted on 23 september . kvm
the eu will make a substantial and clearly visible contribution to the kosovo verification mission , and in particular to alleviating the humanitarian situation . mission
the eu will provide the bulk of the mission , with 1 000 observers or even more . missione
for the osce based in vienna , the kosovo verification mission represents a huge challenge . mission
the hard core of the mission will be provided by the kdom , the kosovo diplomatic observer mission . kvm
as you know , the european union is taking part in this , in the form of the ecmm , the european community monitoring mission . mission
it is extremely important that the large verification mission of 2 000 people is able to work in safe conditions . missione
and yet the eu 's sole practical contribution to date is the osce observer mission , whose establishment in kosovo is proving painfully slow . missione
a hume mission must go there , and quickly . missione
let me also briefly respond to the criticism that this kosovo verification mission is not visible enough . mission
let me also point out that the question of who is to head this mission has not been settled finally .  
the head of mission will be an american , but the political committee in brussels is still considering whether there should not also be a deputy head from the eu . presieduta
i believe it is a most important and delicate aspect of the kosovo verification mission . mission
although the treaties have given the european institutions a clear mission , this mission has not been accomplished in terms of social , employment and environmental policies , nor in terms of fiscal and security policies . missione
the latest contact that we had with the chinese on the subject of taiwan was in july 1998 when the commission 's deputy director-general in dg i , mr gérard depayre , explained to an envoy from the chinese mission to the eu the content and purpose of our bilateral wto market access agreement which i signed - the record of the negotiations - with the taiwanese minister wang in brussels on 23 july . missione
i trust that a system will be devised that enables the european patent office to fulfil its mission , which is ultimately to spread knowledge . funzione
i wish commissioner monti luck in this mission , which is a ' mission practically impossible ' . mission
in this text , there are also some grand and noble declarations of principle on the role and missions which should be allotted to the two sides of industry , and we must welcome them . compiti
in the light of the new developments initiated by the wye plantation agreement and the impressions gained from the middle east mission of the president-in-office of the council , we have now identified a number of urgent tasks that need to be addressed and opportunities that need to be taken in order to support peace and enhance the european presence in this region , in terms of the middle east peace process . viaggio
on 7 december , the austrian foreign minister and president-in-office of the council , mr schüssel , will report to the general affairs council on his mission to the middle east and use that occasion to submit further , concrete proposals on how the eu can play a more effective role in the middle east peace process . viaggio
this week the echo mission travelled to russia and ecu 7 million will soon be made available to fund a number of projects already prepared by non-governmental organisations . delegazione
ultimately we support this draft because it gives us the capacity as politicians before our electorate , before the next election , i hope , to shift the focus from the politics of envy , from the politics of allowances and expenses , to the politics of the union itself , which is our vocation and which is our mission . missione
lastly , as regards bilateral missions , the arrangements for missions in third countries will be defined by the presidency of the euro 11 or by the ecofin council on a case-by-case basis , which i think is simply common sense . missioni
members from peripheral countries on low salaries - such as the spanish , finns and portuguese - would no longer be able to maintain an active presence in the parliament nor would they be able to go on contact missions . missioni
as a result we will have a clear picture of present missions , resources and working methods of each directorate and unit of the commission . missioni
added to that is the acceptance that a politically strong europe must also be in a position to resolve regional crises by undertaking petersberg-type missions , and to do so in a way that enables all 15 member states of the european union to participate in resolving them , in close conjunction with their atlantic partners . missioni
furthermore , the union has paid tribute to the work of the united nations mission for the referendum in western sahara , minurso , which will continue to play a decisive role in the peace process . missione
i myself , as i said at the outset , told the un secretary-general that we were prepared at any time to conduct a joint mission either with him or with james baker . missione
why was there no troika mission ? missione
we considered whether we should conduct a joint mission with the united nations and with james baker . missione
i believe it is very important that we in the european parliament should also pledge our support to the relevant missions , especially the osce , so that they know they have the backing of the political representatives of the european union , who are willing to provide assistance and support if and when it is needed . missioni
we are well aware of the efforts of the osce mission , which is seeking peace in the region on a shoestring budget , with a great deal of commitment and often with restrictions on the exercise of its mandate . missione
this proposal has been coordinated with the osce mission in chisinau , and we consider that it is in accordance with the proposal contained in this resolution . missione
after the mission to sarajevo on 21 february last headed by tom spencer , of which edith müller and myself were part , we sent you a severe reprimand in the critical report we drew up , and commissioner van den broek , who is present here , made some concessions , even though to our mind they are not enough . NULL
we are taking part both in the civil monitoring of the conflict under the osce and in the military unarmed airspace surveillance , which is a component not only of the general monitoring mission but also of the agreement between mr holbrooke and the belgrade government and of the extraction force . extraction
the osce observer mission is a joke and cannot be successful . missione
it would be a disaster if the osce mission out there fails partly because it is not being given adequate military protection . osce
and the consequences , which involve withdrawing the osce mission , would in my view be nothing other than war . missione
the war has been rekindled from the ashes of the lusaka protocol , clearly demonstrating the failure of the un mission responsible for overseeing its implementation . missione
the son of the pilot of the first plane was on board the second , which illustrates the tragedy as far as those engaged on missions of mercy are concerned . missioni
it would not need to be a fully-fledged diplomatic mission if the matter were deemed too delicate . rappresentanza
the united nations mission in guatemala has the express task of ensuring respect for human rights there , and i believe it is important to highlight the fact that guatemala forms part of the united nations commission on human rights . missione
with regard to the un , if a matter is not sufficiently serious in the eyes of the americans for it to assert the right to state the rules of international law and to support this with military action , the un goes from humiliation to rebuff to retreat , and its list of failures , from the un peacekeepers of the former belgian congo to the intervention mission to sierra leone , must be a long one . missione
the immediate essential is for all harassment of the civilian population to cease and for the aid workers to be able to fulfil their mission . compito
military personnel are well equipped to intervene in the event of disasters and are trained to carry out missions under extreme conditions . incarichi
it would perhaps be worth reminding the commission of its mission and asking it to arrange for a council of ministers to seek solutions to the problems i have just highlighted . missione
our mission is a europe of democracies in which each country cooperates closely , but which only adopts common laws on issues which transcend borders . NULL
the european civil peace corps will be able to call on a core of full-time employed professionals , as well as a pool of mission-specific professionals , including conscientious objectors on a voluntary basis and unpaid volunteers , for specific missions . obiettori
it often happens that conflicts flare up again in the wake of a military peacekeeping mission because the causes of the violence have not been addressed . missione
six : the european union supports the osce kosovo verification mission , which has developed into an important stabilising factor , regardless of all the difficulties it faces , and emphasises that president milosevic has assumed responsibility for the safety of the mission personnel . mission
the osce observer mission is not having the desired effect . missione
it was clear ahead of the presidential elections that the way in which they were to be conducted fell short of osce standards , and that is why the osce did not send a full monitoring mission , nor did the eu participate . missione
mr president , despite the important contribution made by representatives of all faiths to the humanitarian mission of aid , care and relief for the underprivileged , religious intransigence seems to be becoming increasingly radical in many parts of the world . missioni
the commission 's delegation , which continues to keep us fully informed on the situation as it develops , is fully associated with member states ' missions in monitoring the situation . missioni
in the context of their mission to colombia next week , the commission services will begin to study possibilities for the long-term rehabilitation of the earthquake areas . missione
let me add that a troika mission of political directors will be visiting turkey before april , followed by a troika mission at foreign minister level . missione
he has made a real campaign out of this and a real mission for himself . missione
like mrs kestelijn-sierens , i should not like current events to result in this programme being redirected slightly , guaranteeing protection for women only and neglecting its other mission when every day children are the victims of unthinkable acts of cruelty . missione
secondly , under the amsterdam treaty , equal opportunities policy is a community mission , and political and objective equality is a collective right . missione
mr president , firstly i should like to congratulate mrs haug on her report , not just because she is from our group but because she embarked on a mission impossible to try to get the agreement of the european parliament on the future financing of the european union . missione
she nearly had a mission impossible but we should make a distinction between some very controversial points and the general direction in which parliament can express itself . missione
indeed , it is consistent with the entire thrust of our tens policy which , because of the mission of developing real networks , must focus increasingly on connection points and access to main arteries rather than simply on traditional stretches of infrastructure . prefiggendosi
i should like here and now to say that we have been more than pleased with the cooperation we have had from commissioner marin , who has answered a very detailed series of questions , followed up by a very detailed set of supplementary questions on a number of the problems that arise in the middle east from the implementation of the process and that we are very grateful for the cooperation we are seeing from the commission for a small mission from the committee on budgetary control that will visit the middle east , particularly to see the value-for-money missione
during all information and observation missions , the osce must also pay special attention to the level of respect for human rights in the area in order to prevent an escalation of violence if any incidents do occur . missione
mr president-designate , your work , i should say your mission , will be immense . missione
he is with the presidency on a troika mission to kiev and he sends his regrets to the house . missione
i know the president-in-office is having a meeting this afternoon with heads of state and government and it is important that during this discussion he convey to his colleagues that it is of the utmost urgency that the relief effort to help kosovar albanians continues and that the european union play a leading role in the humanitarian aid mission . missione
the arcobaleno mission launched by the italian government has met with the approval and active support of most of the public and civil society in our country , which is springing into action in a remarkable way . NULL
i also believe the commission made the mistake of accepting these missions . compiti
that is certainly our opinion and we were happy to hear that the new intergovernmental conference , to be launched at the cologne council in june , will have that mission included in its mandate . compito
i welcome their attempts to reduce mission expenditure . missione
it is rather funny because if you look back a year or two you will find that the court of auditors was criticising officials from dublin who used the weekend as part of their mission - obviously people like to have a trip home at the same time . missione
if we want a commission that has strength , the ability to act and integrity , we must also provide it with the resources it needs to deal with its new tasks , for example in the area of enlargement or humanitarian missions . aiuti
we are therefore hopeful that the foundation will endeavour to respond as positively as our rapporteur seems to suggest to the remaining questions and to those which have just been raised on mission expenses and study contracts during the examination of the discharge procedure for the 1997 financial year . missione
i fully subscribe to what minister fischer said about the essence of agreeing to that , while drawing on the lessons learnt in bosnia and the kosovo verification mission . missioni
the socialist group has always made it clear that we believe that russia should be fully involved and i fully support its latest peace mission . missione
is it possible to imagine a greater fiasco in terms of a rescue mission , however well-intentioned it was in the beginning ? fragoroso
we wanted to have our voice heard and we are now in fact having to square up to a council which , needless to say , within the space of 48 hours , is presenting us with its own version , the way it , the council , wants to deal with members of this house , including allowances , mission expenses and so on . mission
by moving away from the policy of supporting agriculture through prices , by shrinking into ourselves and encouraging nationalisation , by undermining this sector through a further increase in direct income aid , europe is moving further and further away from its mission and the founding principles of the common agricultural market . compito
proposal for a council regulation ( ecsc , ec , euratom ) incorporating daily subsistence allowance rates for officials on mission within the european territory of the member states of the european union for austria , finland and sweden into article 13 of annex vii to the staff regulations of officials of the european communities ( com ( 99 ) 0133 - c4-0226 / 99-99 / 0076 ( cns ) ) missione
nothing rendered this more apparent than the belgrade mission undertaken by president ahtisaari and the russian envoy to kosovo , mr chernomyrdin . missione
this is the mission that the commission has . missione
the mission conferred in the treaty of amsterdam , to oppose all forms of discrimination , is still , for women at least , just a vague hope . compito
mr president of the commission , i would like to begin from where mr donnelly left off , the second stage of your mission - the work programme - because i believe that , aside from the collective and individual responsibilities , which i certainly believe are of the utmost importance , the work in the restoration of the commission ' s credibility and its productiveness will be judged by this work programme . missione
the minister was on an official mission . missione
therefore , the task that needs to be attended to by djakarta as a matter of urgency , in anticipation of the arrival of a un peacekeeping mission to east timor , is to call an immediate halt to the wrath of the militias . giacarta
what is more , djakarta has made official the fact that it does not intend to impose preconditions on a mission of this kind . missione
in other words , the peace mission can begin its task in east timor without delay . missione
may we suggest that in order to avoid future surprises , the council and parliament monitor very closely the peacekeeping mission of the united nations , the humanitarian aid plan by europe , the integrity of any present or future programme designed to put an end to the suffering of the timorese to guarantee their full independence and sovereignty free of any threat , interference or pressure by the indonesian military and their american mentors . missione
mr president , i would like firstly , as a member of this parliament ' s mission sent to observe the elections in timor , to tell you of something i witnessed myself , so that you will all be able to understand what has happened in timor . missione
if her strategy consists of discrediting the spanish government with falsities and furthermore displaying a deceitful , irrational and irresponsible sectarianism , she is showing a clear incapacity to understand her mission in this parliament - which is not to exploit the tragic death of a child - then it is truly worrying that her job has started in this way . missione
in reaction to that situation , not only has the north korean regime not shown the slightest inclination to initiate political and economic reforms but , on the contrary , it has imposed even harsher measures on the people of north korea , maintaining total control on missions by expert advisers and on the food aid provided by the international community to the people of north korea ( 600,000 tonnes of cereals in 1998 , and 530,000 tonnes in 1999 ) and refusing to allow the international organisations involved to monitor the use and effectiveness of the aid . missioni
the commission notes with approval that the authorities have decided to send a high-level mission to the usa to liaise with investigators there , i think that is actually happening at the present time . missione
a more precise picture of needs will result from the joint assessment mission similar to the one that has just been called for , i would presume , that is being undertaken in the disaster areas by echo , the commission ' s representation in ankara , the united nations and the world bank acting collectively . missione
but even the extension of the mandate of the osce mission in terms of finance and personnel should be checked seriously , and i request mr kinnock to assign mr patten to report to us in the committee on foreign affairs on the results of this verification , so that we can reach further conclusions . missione
the latter has carried out a mission in kabul where streams of refugees were recorded in the northern districts . missione
the central bank has managed to fulfil its primary mission of maintaining price stability . missione
we have also been pressing them to arrange for aid agencies to visit the area to assess the needs on the ground and i hope that this mission will now take place in the coming days . missione
we argued very strongly for the aid assessment mission to be allowed into ingushetia as rapidly as possible . missione
on the same occasion , mr patten spoke on the eu = s support for the actions of unamet and on the plans for sending a new evaluation mission to east timor . missione
as to the long-term prospects for rehabilitation the report of the commission ' s representative who participated in the world bank-led assessment mission to east timor will be evaluated as soon as he returns to brussels tomorrow . missione
i see , incidentally , from this afternoon ' s news agency reports that the world bank has calculated after its mission that between usd 260 million and usd 300 million would be needed for medium-term reconstruction in ruined east timor and that it will be seeking most of the funds from donors in tokyo next month . missione
i think the honourable member would think it sensible for us to have taken part in the world bank assessment mission and to wait for our officials who have been taking part in that assessment mission to report before we actually come to the budgetary authorities and ask for specific amounts of money . missione
an additional need for reform was also established in the course of the expert missions organised by the commission , in which representatives of the administrative and justice authorities took part . missioni
on 28 and 29 october i travelled to kosovo with commissioner patten , which gave us the opportunity to meet with all the political leaders of both communities as well as with the representatives of the united nations mission in kosovo and also kfor , the international security force in kosovo . missione
some progress has been possible through recent assessment missions by outside experts and donors . missioni
with regard to international solidarity , it is clear that the joint assessment mission , coordinated by the world bank and in which elements of the commission participated , has finished its work in the area . missione
in line with this desire , when , at first reading , we took a stand on budget 2000 , we established a specific point of a multiannual nature with eur 30 million allocated to the reconstruction of east timor , an amount that should be increased in view of the information provided by the joint assessment mission . missione
it is therefore necessary for the eu mission in moscow at least to observe this case , but also to intervene in the political dialogue , so that it is declared a political case and alexander nikitin can finally be released . missione
whether or not it succeeds in its mission no longer depends on us , as we will be but two of thirty to forty partners . missione
subject : referendum on self ­ determination in western sahara on 3 november 1999 the moroccan minister for internal affairs , driss basri , said in el aaiún that the referendum on self-determination in western sahara , which is due to be held on 31 july 2000 , > will be postponed for two or three years = on account of the 71 420 appeals which have been lodged against the provisional list of voters which is being drawn up by the un mission responsible for the referendum in western sahara . missione
