madam president , mr president of the commission , you have come here today , mr prodi , in a very reformist and ambitious mood . riformatore
the mood in belgrade is becoming less predictable by the day . clima
mrs stauner is new to the budget control committee , but her statement is a real reflection of the mood and the debate that went on . umori
when i speak to small- and medium-sized enterprises , they are certainly pleased about the mood music that is coming out of the council , but frankly they are a little sceptical as to whether the charter will do anything constructive for them . compiaciute
and that is why i want to state my view here and call on the government , on those responsible in that government , not to hold that referendum , so as not to stir up new hatred , not to reawaken an anti-european mood again - something a party like the austrian people ' s party , which was always pro-european , is in fact unlikely to want . fomentino
i am firmly against that kind of anti-european mood and i place my hopes in this house . ripongo
i will faithfully report everything else back to the commission , without omitting to mention what i perceived to be the basically rather critical mood of this debate , and i can assure you that i myself will certainly urge very strongly that procedures are simplified and decisions taken more rapidly .  
i can understand the commission wanting to show that it can produce quick results ; but when you talk to commission officials , you get the sense of a mood of growing depression over the past months , and not only among the so-called losers , for of course some people are bound to lose out in any reform . umore
the reports we are dealing with here seem to reflect this mood . ritraggono
even though this notion is unpopular in this house - indeed the prevailing mood is the smaller the unit , the more divided the systems , and the more separatist the movements , the better - i would like to make the point here , which is one we have also discussed at some length in the delegation with our counterparts from macedonia , that we must be clear about the fact that their own albanian-language institutions should help to promote social cohesion in macedonia and not create divisions . predomina
this feeling unfortunately still persists to this day in the mood of european public opinion . sentimento
in the course of the debate , i shall , of course , follow carefully the points of view put forward and interpret the mood of the assembly before the continued discussion to establish the eu ' s position .  
i agree with prime minister persson when he says that the mood prevailing among the heads of state or government at stockholm was one of rational optimism . regnava
i am in a generous mood , commissioner , but go ahead . comprensivo
mr president , perhaps i can change the prevailing mood and introduce a positive note . clima
everybody expresses their condemnation and their righteous indignation , but when the moment comes to decide what to do about the indifference , the apathy and the determination of some countries to insist on these barbaric institutions , the mood changes because obviously money talks . clima
if i were in a more cynical mood i would say that you are slightly optimistic in saying that we are benefiting from the profits of the oil companies . vena
it even feels as if a sort of bellicose mood somehow lingers in the united states of america . belligerante
holland may have ring vaccinated successfully , but it was only by going against the mood in the eu and the commission . circoscritta
do not let the prevailing mood be exploited for the purpose of closing borders or increasing prejudices between people . atmosfera
but given the comments that the commissioner has just made about turkey , could he characterise - because we have not yet had the chance to study it - the political mood of the turkey report ? studiarlo
the international mood today is such that there is now a possibility of having these things destroyed . clima
mr president , i had not followed the last report in any detail but if commissioner wallström is in the same sort of mood as commissioner bolkestein , i am glad i am not tabling any amendments today . umore
the fact that a number of inconsistencies have survived in the cotonou agreement and the unwillingness to reduce underdevelopment if this means abandoning self-interest put the rapporteur in a sombre mood regarding the outcome of the development project . pessimismo
what i am calling for is a mood of resilience and an ardour to implement the eu regulations and the tough controls that we have in place , and for us to work together to improve the inspection regimes in all member states . normative
the council cannot hear me now , but i had the opportunity to say in denmark yesterday what i am saying to you - that i hope that the council , in the course of the conciliation procedure , will be open to parliament 's arguments , as the mood and openness of the conciliation procedure leave their mark on the general atmosphere in which budget discussions are conducted and on the course that they take . atmosfera
logic dictates that the current rise in the value of the euro against the dollar should be the result of a successful eu structural policy , unless the changes in the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro are not so much due to economic foundations than to the changing mood of the financial markets . umore
but such a mood is certainly not observable on the ground at the present time . emergono
i want to begin in a positive mood and say that i fully agree with the commission and the council that we should not be too critical and negative about the result of the johannesburg summit . atteggiamento
every failed summit does more harm than good , as it brings on a mood of resignation . rassegnazione
it is a bit like the mood before christmas , in which season we find ourselves , when you know you are doing something for the last time , and this is probably the last time that i will be able to thank the committee on foreign affairs for its cooperation , at any rate as regards the big enlargement package . atmosfera
however , i get the impression that the prevailing mood in the institutions of the european union is one of complacency , as if what is happening has nothing to do with us . tenda
mr president , unfortunately , circumstances prevent me from being in celebratory mood . celebrativo
that will change the whole mood of politics in the country and i am looking forward to the dialogue we shall be participating in next week . clima
madam president , my dear dagmar , i have to tell mr barnier that , when i came into the plenary , i was still in a good mood . umore
the international community responded and , in the wake of that , the mood of the regime in pyongyang seemed to soften , raising the prospect of some change , however slow . atteggiamento
and since i am in an excessively candid mood , i shall make a third point . umore
in my view , we need mechanisms and institutions which do not only capture the nations ' common will but actively influence and shape it , for we cannot simply be led by the current mood . animo
investors were in expectant mood . speranzosi
mr president , you are obviously in a generous mood tonight . umore
do you feel that the mood amongst developing countries is such that we risk causing great disruption to the discussions if we insist , against their will , on pursuing the question of investment ? animo
i hope that on examination it will be understood that i say this in a mood of explanation and transparency , not apology or evasiveness , and it is necessary simply because of the material we are dealing with . spirito
because we are almost experiencing something of a mood of celebration in the house , not least as we mark mrs maij-weggen 's departure , we have also been thinking quite constructively in saying : please , commissioner - and this applies still more to the council - do not imagine that it is out of any lack of interest that so few journalists try to gain access to documents . NULL
i am aware that no one in mr prodi 's commission accepts political responsibility for anything , but am sure there are members of the commission who have political antennae and can sense the mood of parliament when it comes to the problems found at eurostat and in the accounting system . umore
mr president-in-office of the council and dear friend , i am not in the mood for arguing about a choice of words . litigare
the mood of solidarity creates the confidence that is essential to us , and on which the eu 's future will depend . crea
ties with russia , where anti-european moods are spreading , and where some of the gains of democracy are being removed , are becoming stronger and this has a certain influence on minsk . antieuropei
the mood among the ukrainian public is not one of expectancy that revolutionary changes will occur . NULL
mr president-elect , the fact that you decided to delay the vote on the commission , that you listened to the mood of parliament and that you made welcome changes to the composition of the commission , means that , you showed respect for parliament and contributed both to its reputation and its strength . umori
above all , europe must now respond to the new public mood which demands that the divisions of our world must be healed through a determined combating of poverty and disease and the removal of barriers that have stopped poorer countries trading in our markets . animo
our discussions gave me a sense of the mood in porto alegre . atmosfera
in the countries themselves , too , we see that the mood is changing . atteggiamento
this could for example involve adherence to the principle whereby committee meetings are not held in strasbourg , which might make it possible to avoid late-night sittings and sittings that do nothing to improve our mood or the efficiency of our actions . malumori
thinking back , for example , to the prevailing mood and spirit when we voted through the action plan to combat organised crime , it is noticeable that there is , in any case , a different rhetoric present today than there was in the nation states at that time . regnava
it would appear , however , that a partial power vacuum has now emerged in kyrgyzstan , and this brings with it the risk that the mood will change and that the country will descend into chaos and civil war . animo
incidentally , why should mood and fitnessrelated claims be banned , when they express an individual feeling and are easily recognisable as advertising ? umore
the mood now is that a referendum can be organised on any issue at all , and the answer will always be no . sensazione
and we are all slapping ourselves on the back ; there is a mood of self-congratulation over our giving more money to africa , as if , somehow , money will solve the whole problem . animo
unfortunately , the numerous interviews i have been able to have demonstrate that the general mood is such that the level of regulation will decrease under the combined pressure both of the industries and advertising and also of a number of member states . orientamento
if the defence of human dignity can be threatened by fears and public moods , it is scarcely to our credit and does not say much for our courage and strength . malumori
this failure , which had to do not only with national issues but also with the mood in europe as a whole , represents a failure on the part of national politics , but also of european politics , in that we have not succeeded in justifying europe . umori
we are in a listening mood , but we would also like to contribute to improving human rights in the world . ascoltare
we are living in a mood of economic nationalism right now , and being the competition commissioner is not necessarily the easiest job in town . concorrenza
if today we were to define the four freedoms , i do not think , unfortunately , in the mood we are in , that we would get them . predisposizione
if we want to increase people ’ s confidence in us , we have to show that we are responding effectively to the interests of the people and , to do this , we need to acknowledge the mood of the people . inclinazioni
i was put in a very optimistic mood when a young member state , two years after its accession to the european union , on europe day – schuman day – ratified the constitution by a 73 : 1 vote , and the country of which i speak is estonia . ottimismo
i hope , in my capacity as a representative of the council , to be able to contribute to the generally optimistic mood . clima
i would like to believe that the actions planned in support of the european year of intercultural dialogue , and above all intercultural dialogue itself , will manage to subdue the nationalistic mood right across the union . nazionalistica
it needs to be said very clearly , however , that , although the european union might be in something of a wait-and-see mood , the rest of the world around us is not going to come to a halt . temporeggiare
it certainly will not be brought to completion but it is important to start working on it in order for the relationship between the people and the eu institutions to be able to continue in a positive mood . spirito
we must also ask ourselves whether there can ever be a guarantee of happiness in our consumer society , and therefore whether it sends out the wrong signal to automatically treat people with antidepressants every time they are grieving or in a bad mood – things that we all have to go through . umore
does the minister not feel that the mood perhaps changed in europe after the negative referendums in france and the netherlands , and that some people in certain countries have a fear of enlarging the european union and perhaps see that calling a referendum would put a block on any future enlargement ? animo
the finnish presidency proposes to have a thorough debate on all aspects of enlargement at the european council in december , and after that we will certainly have a better idea than we do now of what the general mood is in the member states with regard to this issue . animo
– mr president , i should like to start by thanking the rapporteur for his endeavours to capture the mood in this house and form it into a majority . umore
this annual debate on progress made is , however , a gauge that specifically records the reforms that have been achieved and the mood of public opinion , and i think we can all see that there has been increasing coolness on both fronts in recent times . umore
what the eurlings report did do , though , was to prove that the mood in this parliament and in europe has shifted in the right direction in the past two years and that we have become more aware of the many points on which ankara is failing to fulfil the copenhagen accession criteria . animo
now , thankfully , the mood is one of conciliation , and it is against a more serene background , therefore , that i shall try to answer some of the basic questions that certain members , at one time or another , will have quite legitimately asked themselves . acquietamento
on top of the bse crisis , the mood in my constituency is one of near despair and this pattern is being repeated in rural areas across europe . bastasse
today , six months after the opening of the igc , there is a general mood of disillusion and depression . animo
mr president , in this , my twenty-first year as a member of the european parliament , i detect a very strong mood of optimism . ottimismo
only by doing so will we be able to escape from a mood of resignation in the face of the grand design being offered us by the chinese leadership - development without democracy . rassegnazione
i think it is fair to say that over the time that the committee of inquiry sat , the mood certainly changed from one , not of hostility but of a certain degree of scepticism , to one of great support and help from the commission and from other bodies . atmosfera
there is something i want to tell you because i have noticed a mood of pessimism in many of the speeches we have heard here . atmosfera
mr president , i would like to congratulate mr tillich on his excellent report and also because , in this exercise , he has continued to make use of the formula of cooperation between the various parliamentary committees , inaugurated in the budget for 1997 , which is proof of the openness and cooperative mood of the committee on budgets . inaugurata
i would point out that i was giving a report on the informal council meeting in noordwijk , and if i was optimistic i was simply reflecting the mood of the heads of government at the meeting . noordwijk
secondly , does the commissioner think that the mood in the united states congress will allow the president to amend title 4 , in accordance with the clinton administration 's promise , although it has not yet come into effect ? clima
as to whether the mood in the congress permits a solution which would enable the requisite amendment to the legislation to amend title 4 , i cannot answer that either . animo
we ask the american authorities not to ignore , as they have done until now , the appeals and resolutions of this house , the mood and the emotions of italian and european public opinion . appelli
thank you , mr titley , but this presidency , catching today 's mood , wishes to say that it regrets that while you nominated madrid as a great team you forgot to mention the barcelona football club . barcelona
it is not your fault , but i would nevertheless like you to convey the mood of this house to the president , who is responsible for this matter . atmosfera
but it may be too late at least to change the mood . fired by frustration , the call for independence are growing stronger and stronger . clima
how will such a man carry through a long term european policy , if he gives way to moods and vague fears and , against his better judgement , deliberately denigrates the greatest project of the post-war period ? diffama
i want , however , in a rare mood of openness to congratulate doug henderson , the president-in-office , for what i thought was an extremely constructive speech earlier this evening . raro
this puts me in a reflective mood , because it is quite possible that in future we shall discover that other commonplace things are also vitally important . riflettere
could i begin by expressing their gratitude , and my thanks , to you for representing this parliament and coming to our streets and thereby strengthening the will for peace and the mood for peace by showing the people on the streets , who have been neglected for so long , that europe and the outside world really did care . voglia
there are two dimensions to my report : first of all , the practical results and achievements of the presidency ; secondly , a description of the mood and direction as we see it in the european union today . spirito
his approach exemplifies the change of mood , tone , attitude and substance of your government to europe . umore
i can tell by the mood of the house that if we take this as a split vote we will have a long debate on it . umore
there was a mood of despair in this chamber when we debated these matters , and with good reason . cose
the market is in a strange mood at present , partly on account of closed domestic markets and partly because of the large flows of capital that move around the world and lead to speculation . mercati
i think we are all already in something of a holiday mood , but we must now proceed with our work . atmosfera
mr president-in-office of the council , you will find it more difficult to achieve the necessary compromises at european level if the mood within germany is different . clima
my disgruntled mood is not caused by the author of this report but rather by the commission which , i believe , has behaved very casually towards such an important aspect of environmental policy . malumore
secondly , in the light of the positive gestures made by the cypriot government and given that it has put a stop to its plan to install the s-300s , and since it has said that the turkish cypriots should participate in discussions concerning the membership of cyprus in the eu , which the turkish cypriots have refused to do , and in the light of the more general mood of conciliation within the cypriot government , do you not think that the commission and council should now make an unequivocal statement that cyprus will join the eu , notwithstanding 300
if i sense the mood correctly , the house will reject the report when it is put to the vote or at a subsequent stage , and with good reason too . NULL
the outcome of the decision by 525 votes will impress the council and make it now maintain this ban on hormone-treated meat and resume the discussions in the wto panel , so as to make it clear that we are not in the mood to burden our people with this highly dangerous hormone-treated meat . 525
we must certainly not give in to a mood of panic , but it is quite reasonable for us to be asking ourselves about the quality of the products which we consume . prodotti
and if you bear in mind that a spanish politician once said that the spanish are characterised by their willingness , you can imagine the mood i am in . animo
we may be in optimistic mood but we are still troubled . ottimisti
the events in chernobyl affected our mood for a long time . impresso
we must fight the mood of pessimism and deliberate scare-mongering with a new intellectual , innovative , up-beat approach , and i hope that this dialogue will help us do what is needed at the right time , in an open and responsible fashion , and that it does not mean that mundane political opportunism or legitimate group interests will result in our obstructing each other . NULL
i say to the president of the ecofin council and to commissioner solbes mira that what we set out in the macroeconomic dialogue in the next few days is not just for what is occurring at the present time , but to set the mood so that in the event of a problem or difficult issues we can actually sit together with the social partners and work out solutions to our problems . sedersi
obviously , i recognise that where our proposals are concerned , the commission , as must we as a parliament , has to take into account the mood in the council and the positions adopted there if we want to achieve a workable outcome . umori
positive developments evident from the text cannot compete with the repressive mood which is still prevailing . atmosfera
what our problem today is , is that young people , who may have good home lives , at the same time feel that their lives are so empty that they need an extra lift or trip on saturday at the discotheque and to have their mood raised with the help of a drug they are lured into believing is harmless . discoteca
i am most grateful for the debate which has been held here because it was a highly factual debate which made very valuable and important points , especially for the attention of turkey , because turkey will have to gauge the political mood which prevails in europe towards its application to join the european union . clima
