a5-0069 / 1999 by mr von wogau , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the commission white paper on modernisation of the rules implementing articles 85 and 86 of the ec treaty [ com ( 1999 ) 101 - c5-0105 / 1999 - 1999 / 2108 ( cos ) ] ; libro
i want to make it quite clear that in this specific case i personally consider the commission ' s proposal to be wrong and feel that it remains to be seen as to whether we are truly justified in using the term " modernisation " to describe the content of articles 81 and 82 of the white paper , or whether in this case it would be more appropriate to use the expression " retrograde step " . libro
but , of course , both the competition report and the aid report share common ground in this white paper . libro
the commission has put forward a new white paper on this containing two key points : dropping the obligation to notify and retrodisplacement of law enforcement . libro
mr president , commissioner , we have a basically positive view of the commission ' s white paper on competition , particularly as regards the abolition of the system of notification and authorisation , but we are also puzzled by several things . libro
mr president , i would like , in beginning my speech regarding the white paper , to congratulate the rapporteur , mr von wogau . libro
we are , therefore , in agreement with the report , commissioner , as well as the broad outlines of the white paper . libro
the white paper intends to resolve these problems and we therefore support these proposals . libro
mr president , amongst the various issues being dealt with in this joint debate , i would like to comment on the one mentioned by mr berenguer , that is to say , the modernisation of competition policy , which is the subject of the commission ' s white paper . libro
the white paper and the report are contributions made at the beginning of a necessary process of reflection , discussion , and reform which has yet to be concluded because there are still a few questions posed by ourselves , the judiciary , the member states , and above all the smes concerned , that need to be clarified . NULL
i , personally , would sincerely like to thank mr von wogau for his commitment in examining the dossier on the white paper and for the quality of his report . libro
the question of renationalisation : first of all , although it is not really necessary , i would like to point out and stress , several times if i may , that the white paper does not affect mergers or state aid in the slightest - we are not looking for devolution in these areas - but that , as far as regulation 17 is concerned , there is a risk of renationalisation . libro
secondly , we will need to set efficient mechanisms in place to prevent disputes , and the white paper sets out mechanisms for information and consultation . libro
the purpose of publishing the white paper is , after all , to collect comments from businesses as well as from other sources . libro
we are working on further block exemptions and guidelines which will all take into account the particular situation of smes , and our white paper on modernisation will also improve the situation of smes , first by eliminating the bureaucracy resulting from the present notification system , and secondly , by making article 81 ( 3 ) directly applicable , which will benefit smes in particular . precipua
the white paper requires only a single aspect of the issue to be re-examined : the exchange of confidential information . libro
- ( fr ) the commission ' s white paper on the modernisation of the rules implementing articles 85 and 86 of the ec treaty ( now 81 and 82 ) certainly does not propose any " renationalisation " of competition policy , as some members of the european parliament fear . libro
indeed , the white paper envisages that the commission will retain the supervision and central direction of the new system . nero
we must work more rapidly towards achieving the targets stipulated in the white paper for renewable energy sources , as this would bring about a massive reduction in greenhouse gases . libro
mr president , it is a very worthwhile white paper and you will not hear a word from me on the food safety authority . libro
you are unclear about this in your white paper . libro
that is another point , i.e. the question of obligation , which you were somewhat unclear on in your white paper . libro
regarding enlargement : what plans does the commission have to involve the applicant states in debates on these new laws , given that the commission clearly expects the laws envisaged in the white paper to form part of the acquis communautaire by 2003 ? libro
president , first of all i would like to thank mrs ahern , mrs roth-behrendt and mrs jackson for their words of support in relation to the white paper . libro
i also welcome the white paper . libro
we are therefore concerned to see the flurry of commission announcements in recent weeks by commissioner kinnock suggesting policy proposals of various kinds to be put in a white paper shortly . libro
the great majority of the paper 's proposals are closely akin to those put by mr van hulten and that paper includes - i say to him and to mr staes - a very explicit timetable of actions to be undertaken in pursuit of reform . documento
while the reform strategy white paper will clearly outline our ideas on these and other points , detail and precision are obviously essential . libro
however , the measures that may subsequently be taken must obviously comply with the general principles applicable to risk management and the guidelines for applying the precautionary principle are therefore the key element of the paper . documento
ladies and gentlemen , this is a formal commitment , not just words on paper . carta
this is why we are voting in favour of this resolution in spite of its hypocritical references to a ' european democratic model ' which bears more resemblance to a fortress which tracks downs , expels and imprisons immigrants without the proper papers , when it is not opening files on teenagers . incarcera
in its 1998 policy paper , agenda 2000 , the commission set out two key principles on which rural development policy should be based : the recognition of the multifunctionality of agriculture and the need for an integrated strategy for developing rural areas . documento
in my member state , for example , we are developing a strategic approach in a white paper and an urban government taskforce is looking at the problems of urban communities . libro
my group is especially attracted to the creative possibilities you signal in regard to the prospect of a white paper next spring addressing the issue of governance . libro
we await the white paper on the governance of the european union dealing with the issue of balance between member states ' governments and the european union institutions which is to be published this summer . libro
undoubtedly , reform of the european council is also going to be included in this white paper on the governance of the european union which will be published this summer . libro
it seems that you are proposing the same old menu , but with more unsatisfactory implications , restricting the commission , so you say , to the task of drawing up a few white papers , as you proposed . libro
madam president , mr president of the commission , members of the commission , five months after its coming into office , the commission committed to paper the direction in which it aims to steer the european union . bianco
transparency does not mean more access to more paper ; to our citizens , transparency means greater clarity at long last as to who takes decisions in brussels and strasbourg , when and with what right . documenti
we hope that the white paper and the actions of you and your commission will put this into practice . libro
madam president , mr president of the commission , commissioners , in my view , this strategy paper has two clear weaknesses . documento
commissioner , far too little is said in your paper about regional policy . documento
a paper this short is a farce . documento
a farce because we know and appreciate the work of commissioner vitorino and what we have here on paper is a blatant contradiction to how things actually stand . carta
a paper such as this is no basis for a scoreboard . documento
we debate these issues intensively and seriously and we should be entitled to expect likewise from the commission , even where it is merely submitting a paper . documento
culture and training simply do not exist in this paper , despite the fact that we need to create a real area of training and culture in europe . documento
however , i was disappointed with the nature of the proposal for the establishment of a european food authority in the recent white paper . libro
so it is somewhat upsetting that there is not so much as a mention of this branch of the economy is this paper . documento
i can also assure parliament that i will ensure that the pertinent provisions of directive 90 / 220 are included in the proposal for a recasting of directive 70 / 524 that the commission has proposed in the white paper on food safety to present to parliament before july 2001 . libro
the united states ' delegation to the european union is concerned about certain points in the last consultation paper , inter alia the phasing out of the materials already mentioned , as well as certain questions arising from the principle of manufacturers ' responsibility for the disposal of electrical and electronic waste . documento
i am not now speaking of charlotte cederschiöld ' s recommendation , which is an excellent paper , but of the matters of copyright that the previous parliament discussed . charlotte
since 1995 , following a concerted international effort between the main donor states , involving in particular a reflection paper produced by the oecd ' s development assistance committee , it has been possible to establish some important objectives by way of guidelines for development policies , both at national and international level . emersa
mr president , it became known this week that two prominent cambodian opposition papers have been threatened with closure because they are reported to have insulted the king and prime minister . quotidiani
today , that commitment has been fully discharged : you have the reform here , before you , in the form of an institutional white paper which has just been adopted by the commission . libro
the white paper before us is also the product of contributions from the commission staff : they knew that the commission would have to undergo substantial reform in order to become , once again , that internationally-admired institution which was at the heart of european history . NULL
the adoption of the white paper marks the end of a chapter of history - and i hope that it will remain closed forever . libro
in september , we undertook to present a white paper on reform , and today we are fulfilling that undertaking according to the conditions established in your presence . libro
i am glad to be here together with president prodi and my colleague , michele schreyer , to present the white paper adopted by the commission this morning : " reforming the commission " . libro
the white paper puts reform in its proper political context . libro
i would like to take the opportunity firstly to congratulate the commission on unanimously bringing forward this timely and substantial white paper with the accompanying action plan and i think when the president of the commission described his vice-president as acting with intelligence , enthusiasm and energy that indeed that is a fair and valid description with regard to this procedure . libro
secondly , on the question of ex ante and ex post auditing and procedures , do i understand correctly - and i have not had the opportunity to wade into the detail of the paper - that the unanimous decision of the commission is indeed to empower the directorates-general to liberate them from the ex ante visae system but to put in their place a strong ex post and independent and centralised audit system ? documento
one is to ensure high quality training , another is to ensure that no directorate-general can take over financial control responsibilities unless and until the auditor service is absolutely certain of the robustness of the system , another is the establishment of a central financial service , as honourable members will see from the white paper , to ensure that those standards are set and supervised , and there is also the additional belt and braces and boilersuit approach of having an effective and independent internal audit service . libro
there are absolute assurances of that and provisions made for it in the white paper . libro
you also share a heavy degree of responsibility for ensuring that we do not end up as paper tigers . carta
which is why , unless they are accompanied by clear political solutions which respect borders and autonomy and all the democratic guarantees , all these plans on paper will lead to new blood-letting in the balkans . stragi
i also wonder what kind of plans you have to induce governments to ensure that a force of 60 000 troops becomes a reality and not merely figures on a piece of paper . carta
lastly , the recommendations also incorporated an updated version of the proposals in president delors ' white paper on the promotion of a european project for the development of a common network of infrastructures and services . libro
the second point relates to the future and the publication of the commission ' s white paper on environmental liability which is designed to ensure that the polluter pays principle applies in future and to ensure that we are better able to enforce european environmental legislation properly . libro
it is recognised in that white paper that liability is only effective where the polluter can be identified , where the damage can be quantified and where a clear causal connection can be made between the two . libro
we committed ourselves , and i confirm this commitment before this house , to creating a commission , or perhaps i should say an e-commission , in which all correspondence regarding supplies , research etc. relating to this institution will no longer be dealt with on paper but will all be carried out directly by e-mail . cartacea
by doing so , we want to set a clear example to all the european governments and all the administrations with which we will have to communicate by e-mail instead of on paper . cartaceo
you find yourself before a house some of whose members can still remember what i will refer to as the ' white paper ' syndrome , which is to say the remarkable initiative instigated by jacques delors that was torn to shreds by the ' accountants ' at ecofin . libro
this alliance has in fact been given form in the excellent contribution that romano prodi ' s commission has just made to the preparations for the lisbon summit with their paper . documento
we cannot wait for a white paper , for the commission already has far too much in the pipeline which might have to be looked at in this light , whilst other matters will have to be implemented more quickly and in a more comprehensible manner . libro
for example , in the environmental field , we have a white paper on civil liability in environmental matters . libro
this is an important step forwards , but let me remind you all the same that this white paper is the follow-up to a parliament resolution adopted in 1994 , that is to say , six years ago . libro
and after the white paper we shall probably have to wait a long time before we have the directive . libro
despite the fact that they do , on the whole , make for a more in-depth debate , green papers , white papers and statements also have complex , problematic side-effects , as , more often than not , they prolong legislative action in matters in which timing is absolutely essential . libri
mr president of the commission , on reading your white paper on the reform of the commission , it is clearly apparent that the guiding principle , the philosophy behind this reform , is something very vague which we cannot accept in this parliament . libro
we had a white paper on innovation some years ago - what has happened since ? libro
i hope there will be a follow-up to the science white paper . libro
for the moment we have a series of measures and a white paper . libro
it is for this reason that i have continued to push for a white paper on governability . libro
the white paper on governability , on the one hand , and the difficulties of balancing the budget , on the other , are the two pillars upon which we must base a joint political action for the short term . libro
it is not enough to publish a white paper on food safety in order to reassure consumers . libro
subject : environmental threats facing europe the recent leak of cyanogen into the river danube has revealed the existence of hidden environmental threats which could imperil the whole of europe , while a report by the european environment agency predicts that during the first decade of the 21st century the production of paper , glass and plastic waste will increase by 40 to 60 % , emissions of cadmium and mercury will rise by 20 to 30 % , and waste management will place a strain on the environment with heavy metals , gases and other toxic substances combining to carta
i also hope there is support for the proposal that was very much endorsed by the committee to facilitate the incineration of waste produced by the paper and cellulose industry at the production site . carta
this holds true especially for the incineration of harmless sludge produced by the paper and cellulose industry . carta
since 1992 , the euro-flower logo has become a hallmark of environmentally-friendly products , ranging from washing machines to writing paper . carta
furthermore , if article 7 ( 4 ) was amended as proposed , the removal of the qualification of municipal waste as ' untreated ' would be tantamount to prohibiting the co-incineration of certain sorted municipal waste such as paper , cardboard and so on which could not be recycled unless it was collected separately . carta
the commission would underline in this respect that a green paper on legal aid represents a worthwhile contribution , both to the requirement to define common rules on the protection of defendants , such as the guarantee of assistance from interpreters and translators in cross-border trials , and to the establishment of a wider programme of mutual recognition of legal decisions . libro
if that does not happen , there is a risk that this very significant agreement will not be worth the paper it is written on . carta
mr president , in the original paper in english , the commission uses the words ' information society ' and not ' knowledge society ' . documento
to this end , the commission has adopted several communications including a progress report on e-europe last week and a paper setting out an agenda for economic and social renewal for europe two weeks ago . documento
in drawing up a charter of fundamental rights , there is always a certain danger of citizens ' viewing it simply as a meaningless piece of paper , to be waved on state occasions but destined to disappoint . carta
a charter of that kind would offer support to all those men and women who are fighting against a europe that lays off workers or expels immigrants who do not have the proper identity papers . soggiorno
a fairly substantial proportion of immigrant workers , those regarded as not having the proper papers , is being deprived of any legal existence . clandestini
mr president , i see from my order paper that the vote on the situation in iraq has been withdrawn . leggo
they should be able to be confident in all areas and that a whole raft of instruments seems to have been implemented to that end , particularly the white paper on consumption and food safety . libro
you will be aware that our plans , which are set out in the white paper on food safety , contain a provision relating to the introduction of legislation in respect of a general food law , and there are many other legal provisions contained in the white paper which are designed to protect food safety , and by inference consumers . libro
i think we need to word what we currently have on paper a little more strongly . previsto
a high-level action plan , mr president , that does not recognise these fundamental reports is - i would argue - not worth the paper it is written on . carta
the next item is the report ( a5-0061 / 2000 ) by mr maccormick , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , on the commission green paper ' liability for defective products ' ( com ( 1999 ) 396 - c5-0184 / 1999 - 1999 / 2158 ( cos ) ) . libro
we welcome the fact that the commission has initially submitted a green paper on this issue because we consider it sensible to start by evaluating experience with the present directive before we start laying down new rules . libro
in evaluating the opinions submitted on the green paper , we should like the commission to have a free rein when it assesses the need to reform the product liability directive . libro
we wish the commission every success in evaluating the results of the green paper . libro
mr president , our honourable friend , mr maccormick , has made a thorough and critical appraisal of the green paper on civil liability for defective products and he deserves our thanks for his work and for his cooperative contribution . libro
it must have ambitious , clearly defined objectives at european level in the order of those given in the commission white paper , i.e. 12 % for energy and 23 % for electricity . libro
it did not start with the white paper , but with an initiative by parliament , and i remember because i was the rapporteur at the time . libro
i note that the commission is proposing a review in 2005 but i would urge that you also ask the member states to make annual reports on achieving the targets in the white paper . libro
finally , i would urge that it is important that some of the undertakings by member states to include renewables in the energy mix in the electricity sector be at least equal to the total eu commitment made in the white paper on renewable energy , as endorsed by the council and this parliament . libro
also , on everyone ' s mind is the fact that supporting renewable energies is one of the most important ways of achieving effective results , particularly with regard to controlling carbon dioxide emissions and to attaining the objective proposed in the white paper , to reach a level of 12 % renewable energy by 2010 . libro
i am aware that this is a very tricky business and that we must prevent any half-baked stories from getting into the papers . scandalistici
in fact , these matters are included in the white paper and have helped the commission keep its initial promises on the white paper with regard to food safety . libro
it only makes sense if we prevent this in unison and only then , commissioner , does the white paper on food safety , which you have presented , also make sense . libro
it is ironic to be having to deal with this proposal such a short time after the publication of the commission ' s white paper on foodstuffs . libro
in the white paper , the commission itself attaches importance to limiting the consumption of additives in order - as the commission puts it - to thereby avoid negative effects on health . libro
the sources for the information and documents needed from the commission , on the other hand , gushed little , if anything at all , despite a great deal of paper and , unfortunately , no clear answers were given to the questions asked . carta
this approach also informs the white paper on the reform of the commission tabled by mr kinnock . libro
the commission spent the last year preparing for a radical reform , outlined in the white paper presented on 1 march , and we appreciate that it will take more than a few months to turn this massive tanker around . libro
these are just two examples of how the commission can improve its act in the short term without waiting to implement all the recommendations of the white paper . libro
the commission explained to mr van hulten in its white paper that it would reform this disciplinary procedure as it now stands . libro
now to the question of reform and financial control , which was also raised in several comments , criticisms and demands . the commission made it perfectly clear in its white paper that one of the most important points was to reform financial control . libro
is there anything genuinely new and original about the lisbon summit conclusions that had not already been diagnosed and stated in the 1993 white paper " growth , competitiveness , employment " ? libro
i could go on , as there are countless conclusions completely identical to those in the 1993 white paper . libro
paper is cheap . carta
and today , now that the council has taken place , we would like to offer our congratulations on its conclusions and to congratulate president prodi on the way in which the commission , under his leadership , contributed to the council ' s success through the timely presentation of its own paper . documento
as the honourable member knows , because a paper which the high representative and i wrote for the european council miraculously found its way into the newspapers , the question of better coordination of member states ' activities is one that both javier solana and i feel strongly about . documento
we must endeavour to allay this concern , and i therefore feel , should the manufacturers of a member state so request , of course , that within the white paper on food safety and in other ways , the commission should consider protecting chocolate which is produced according to traditional methods without additional vegetable oil as a high quality european product , and refuse to set the lowest level as the standard , for this may be permitted by the market , but it is not acceptable in terms of the quality of the produce and the lives of libro
the commission is at present implementing , or preparing legal grounds for implementing , the different actions set out in the white paper on reforming the commission . libro
and it must take it , because paper alone is cheap . carta
i share that view but we must first praise mrs wallström here : she promised during the hearing in the european parliament that she would present a white paper on environmental liability and she has done so . libro
her predecessor failed to do so for several years and we should now move forward on the basis of this white paper and decide on specific liability rules to be incorporated in the directive . libro
i can therefore accept amendments nos 2 , 36 and 46 in principle , as far as they refer to the commission white paper . libro
or is it correct that you only agree to liability as set out in the white paper , i.e. just for natura 2000 areas and with no compulsory insurance . libro
as you know , we have now issued a white paper on environmental liability . libro
it is now open for comments and views and we are ready to discuss it because i want to ensure that this environmental liability paper covers gmos . documento
i intend to ensure that this paper covers gmos . documento
this idea may look simple on paper , but it is in fact extremely complicated to administer and , more importantly , to control . carta
alas , as we already know from the white paper it prepared on the subject , the commission is not in favour of compulsory insurance in this area . libro
i would just remind you of a tragic report in the paper this morning about three children who stepped onto a mine near sarajevo yesterday and were killed . giornali
a5-0053 / 2000 by mr kuckelkorn , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the commission communication " towards a single market for supplementary pensions - results of the consultations on the green paper on supplementary pensions in the single market " [ com ( 1999 ) 134 - c5-0135 / 1999 - 1999 / 2131 ( cos ) ] . libro
the commission ' s green paper on liberalising complementary forms of pension protection is something we welcome . libro
mr president , the european commission ' s green paper has caused many to reach for their pens , so much so that in the motion for a resolution , the objective of the green paper has been lost almost completely . libro
i would now like to clarify the role of this white paper and the role of political catalyst that youth policy must play in the future . libro
i hope to prepare the white paper on the basis of broad consultation with the different parties concerned and when i say the parties involved i mean above all young people . libro
to conclude , i would like to emphasise the fact that the consultation process , particularly with regard to young people , will not be a one-off exercise , because the publication of the white paper will constitute the second stage of this dialogue with the parties involved , and this is a dialogue that i would like to see established on a more permanent basis . libro
there are schools but there is no paper . carta
thus , as regards the idea of the creation of a commission for stock exchange operations , i recommend a green paper on the establishment or gradual creation of such a commission , preceded by a feasibility study . libro
the committee expressed an opinion on the outcome of the consultation on the green paper on supplementary pensions in the single market , just as it did on the green paper itself . libro
since the green paper was published in 1997 , the development of the institution of vertical distribution restraints has gone through various phases , including most recently the adoption of new regulation 2790 on the application of article 81 ( 3 ) of the treaty to categories of vertical agreements and concerted practices . NULL
a green paper was presented in 1996 and nothing else has happened since . libro
this is all well and good on paper , but this can be very difficult to implement in practice . teoria
but in a number of areas there is little recognition by the commission of the benefits the aviation industry , including aerospace , have brought and i am disappointed by the negative attitude towards the industry in this paper . documento
in order to give full and detailed answers to his first question , whilst saving some of the time of the house , i have sent a paper to the honourable member listing the number of appointments of senior officials made in the commission since taking office and also giving the names , nationalities and previous functions of all concerned . documento
to provide comprehensive detail , that paper also sets out the total number of senior officials from each nationality in the commission and of the total numbers of all a grade staff of each nationality in the commission . documento
a copy of that paper has also been provided to the secretariat-general of this parliament for information and , naturally , it will be generally available to honourable members . documento
what i would like to do in developing on mr pomés ruiz ' question is to table one or two other points to you in connection with some of the more detailed aspects of the white paper and the change in organisation that you have proposed . libro
clearly the very ambitious reform contained in your paper is going to be a formidable task for the managers you appoint . documento
you say in your white paper that there is a real need to raise management skills and create a common management culture across the commission . libro
the second point i wanted to raise has to do with what you identify in your white paper - and i agree with this entirely - about the real challenges for any service organisation which is decentralising and delegating responsibilities to reporting managers , empowering them to take decisions and to have that all-important control of budget . libro
finally , your white paper quite rightly notes that action is going to have to be taken when managers are not performing to the expected standard . libro
can you confirm that probationary periods , as set out in your white paper , have been included in the contracts for the new appointments , how long those periods are and that systematic assessments of performance are included in those appointments ? libro
if this is about the internal reforms as a whole , then we could say : ok , here is a white paper and here we have procedures we agreed on . libro
i am confident that mr pomés ruiz will not take that attitude when he responds to the white paper , but please do not let your group be hijacked by a minority . libro
i believe that mr o ' sullivan has a very strong commitment to the direction set out by the white paper and will be a notable successor to his extremely talented and committed predecessor , mr trojan , who will take up a new post from the end of this month . libro
the next item is the report ( a5-0096 / 2000 ) by mrs fourtou , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , on the commission ' s green paper ' combating counterfeiting and piracy in the single market ' . libro
mr president , this report is extremely late in coming , given that the commission ' s green paper was adopted on 15 october 1998 . libro
it is true that , in the meantime , we have had the elections to the european parliament , but if consultation with parliament regarding a green paper takes more than a year and a half , something is not working as it should , and parliament and the commission should therefore review their methods for cooperation so that this issue can be resolved more speedily . libro
the green paper is , of course , a good one . libro
i should also like , at this green paper stage , to stress the fact that such illegal activities , when they affect pharmaceutical products , spare parts and toys , constitute a very real risk to human health and safety . libro
mrs fourtou ' s report is valuable because it provides an important gloss on the commission ' s green paper ' combating counterfeiting and piracy in the single market ' . libro
- ( fr ) i supported mrs fourtou ' s draft report on the commission ' s green paper on combating counterfeiting and piracy because we are at the preparatory stage and i feel that our rapporteur has clearly outlined the serious risks involved in counterfeiting and piracy . libro
this way of reasoning , the seeds of which are to be found in the green paper , seems rather limited , but i have no doubts that , through cooperation between the competent authorities and the pooling of experience , it will be possible to obtain satisfactory results within optimum time limits without falling into this skewed way of thinking . libro
we have all read the reports in the papers of the status of human rights and freedom of expression in tunisia . giornali
the report also includes a number of points from the white paper on the reform of the commission in connection with olaf . libro
clearly one reason for this is that the commission is obviously proving to be too inflexible , despite the fact that , on paper , it has transferred full powers to the director of olaf in a decision in due and proper form . carta
to take up mr dell 'alba 's point , the socialists will be voting against a number of paragraphs in this report , not necessarily because we do not agree with them , but because it is not the right context in which to discuss these points which relate to the white paper . libro
we ought likewise to criticise the proposal in the white paper to the effect that an advisory panel should be set up to deal with irregularities . libro
this is important prior to the forthcoming debate on the whole project entailed in the white paper which has been announced . libro
i think it is fair to say that the proposals that we have put forward go right to the heart of the issues that are raised in the white paper on reform and it is extremely important for us to demonstrate that the reform of our external assistance programmes is the flagship or one of the flagships , for an overall reform process . libro
subject : the commission 's reform programme and enlargement on 1 march 2000 , the commission adopted the white paper on the reform of the commission . libro
the measures and actions announced in the white paper provide for a radical reform of the commission which will involve a considerable amount of time . annunciate
the commission 's reform strategy white paper fulfils the undertakings readily given to parliament and to the council last year to give immediate attention to addressing the way in which the institution , as an organisation , currently undertakes its duties . libro
as the college of commissioners made clear in our introduction to the white paper , and elsewhere in that document , and i quote what we said : " the challenges of globalisation and future enlargement require better governance at all levels including the european union " . libro
firstly , because , according to the green paper published by the european commission , this sector will not be part of the european trading system for carbon dioxide emissions , and all greenhouse gas reductions will therefore have to be achieved exclusively through national and community policies and measures . libro
this was especially made clear in the 1996 white paper on the revitalisation of the community ' s railways . libro
compared to the us and japan , we are woefully lacking in a proper research strategy in almost all member states except finland , sweden and the republic of ireland - countries shown in the commission paper to have had unusual success . documento
jacques delors spelt it out in his white paper , so we do not need to reinvent his thoughts . libro
by 2001 , public and private investment should reach 21 % of gdp and , in 2004 , it should reach 23 % , which would bring us very close to that objective of 24 % , which was mentioned in the commission ' s white paper on growth , employment and competitiveness . libro
the concept of the poverty reduction strategy papers was launched to provide a framework for mainstreaming poverty reduction in government and donor policies . documenti
the good part of this is that the imf , with the poverty reduction strategy papers , is aligning itself with the goals the world bank set a few years ago . documenti
they think it is just another piece of paper saying how wonderful they are . carta
a5-0122 / 2000 by mr alyssandrakis , on behalf of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy , on the communication from the commission to the european parliament , the council , the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions : next steps in radio spectrum policy - results of the public consultation on the green paper ( com ( 1999 ) 538 - c5-0113 / 2000 - 2000 / 2073 ( cos ) ) . libro
the european commission responded to this need by publishing a green paper on radio spectrum policy for public consultation at the end of 1998 . libro
furthermore , the messages of the spectrum green paper demonstrate the need to address certain radio spectrum issues at community level and to reach a balance between various user sectors . libro
the bureau now intends to present a working paper by a british vice-president which proposes moving all the services and directorates-general from luxembourg to brussels . documento
in those states which have , on paper at least , been complying with magps such as spain and portugal , what has happened to the vessels which are removed from the register ? NULL
those reports spread over from scotland to ireland and the papers were full of massive reductions in the number of people employed . giornali
unfortunately , we still only have a communication and a white paper , not a bill . libro
the mhp , or future multimedia home platform , which transfers facilities from the apparatus to software , is , in a way , the final revolution in this chain , making it possible - as the rapporteur remarked - to receive everything off the television on the internet , obviously including papers and magazines , films and everything else , perhaps even fragrances , which , for us older men , would be a real pick-me-up . giornali
however , since the delors white paper on social exclusion , since commissioner flynn , your predecessor in the present job , we have had studies , theses , information and strategies coming out of our ears on how to tackle the problem . libro
this will allow us to assess the merits of a follow-up communication , refining and updating the earlier plan in order to take account of new subjects in the light of the recent changes and at the same time to accelerate some key measures presented in the 1997 paper . documento
a realistic view of the current developments in europe shows that paper declarations from st. malo , cologne and helsinki have so far not been accompanied by real security guarantees . malo
i think that we have chosen a good approach to this issue over recent months during our discussions of the commission ' s working paper . documento
this paper from the commission paves the way for a drastic extension to the opportunities for implementing binding eu legislation . documento
it is , however , somewhat confusing if the president of the european parliament expresses regret regarding one of parliament ' s democratic decisions and if she does so on parliament ' s official letter-headed paper , with a reference to the services of parliament . carta
i would ask you not to cause any confusion when you have to carry out your personal responsibilities vis-à-vis your electorate - which is something we all understand - and to do so on your own letter-headed paper . carta
it will also cover the definition of the external action programme in the area of justice and internal affairs , the white paper on food safety , the european charter for small enterprises , some important resolutions on economic and financial affairs , the entry of greece into the euro and , as we would also want , a happy resolution of the problem of income taxes . libro
the public do not want yet another grandiose-sounding piece of paper . prosa
the first is a green paper on the common transport policy and the second is a strategic document on different energy sources and the security of energy supply . libro
we really do have more important things to worry about than how to hide papers from unwanted visitors . documenti
the ecb has established a working paper series where technical economic research , produced inter alia under the responsibility of ecb staff , can be reviewed and assessed by the public and external professional experts . sotto
several econometric models have already been published in the working paper series of the ecb . documenti
an area-wide model used at the ecb , which models the aggregate behaviour of the euro area economy , will be published in this working paper series by ecb staff , probably at the end of this year or early next year . documenti
there are clear amendments on our order paper today which deal with that point . giorno
if we only set up a temporary committee , the european parliament will just be viewed as a paper tiger in its endeavours to cast some light on the activities of echelon . echelon
the precautionary principle is very sensibly described in a recent commission paper . documento
in the coming months , too , we should therefore be looking carefully at the white paper on food safety . libro
parliament explicitly supported this initiative in its contributions to the extensive consultation process which the commission launched through its green paper on innovation in europe in 1997 . libro
it was expressly mentioned in the reply from parliament in the green paper that you mentioned . libro
when we recently discussed the research white paper , we all took the view that it was vital to move forward on this topic because it was important not only to do very good research in europe , but also to optimise the conditions for its industrial exploitation . libro
apparently the commission is discussing a paper with the member states without even informing parliament that it is doing so . documento
my question is this : do you have any actual plans - we have already had the green paper - to put efficient transport pricing , particularly on the brenner model , into practice ? libro
that is why , back in 1995 , the green paper on strategy options to strengthen the european programme industry in the context of the audiovisual policy of the european union proposed the establishment of a european guarantee fund , which the council stubbornly rejected - the german government , sad to say , being the foremost opponent of the scheme - without offering an alternative solution . libro
mr president , yesterday we received a communication on yellow paper from the vice-president , with some nuts attached to it . giallo
in particular , on 7 december last , president prodi undertook to find and propose legal and organisational solutions to give both internal and external candidates to commission competitions access to their examination papers . elaborati
would the ombudsman please inform us , in the same way that he has informed us that europol needs more time to comply with the recommendation , whether the commitment made by president prodi on 7 december to making papers available by 1 july 2000 has already been implemented or not . elaborati
in practice , women are often discriminated against during this period , despite rights on paper . teorici
mr president , in 1995 , the commission submitted the communication on the development of short sea shipping on the basis of the strategy which was formulated in the white paper on the common transport policy . libro
there have been two years of consultations with ngos and all the commission has come up with is a discussion paper and two internal working groups which have hardly met . documento
we have received the bulky paper version with the numerous roll ­ call votes , but what is missing is the verbatim report of proceedings for yesterday ' s topical and urgent debate . copiosa
it would be useful if this issue could be included in the white paper on environmental liability . libro
on the question of financial penalties , i should once again like to point out the significance of the green paper - which the commission published a few months ago - on environmental liability , which ultimately aims to include the environmental damage caused . libro
i have a few comments to make on the council ' s first reading in this respect , which i have already submitted to the committee on budgets in the form of a discussion paper . documento
it is clear that , during the preparation of the white paper on a new form of government within europe entitled ' spreading democracy within europe ' , one of the basic issues is the role of civil society in the new forms of democracy that will be operating in europe and in all member states . libro
i find the neo-colonial behaviour on the part of the united kingdom , which solved the problem by replacing a ' z ' with an ' x ' on a piece of paper using correction fluid or an eraser , very strange . documento
a strategy paper is being prepared by the commission to support the peace agreement implementation concentrating on demobilisation , social and economic reconstruction of burundi and state reform . documento
in a seminar on the european paper industry held here in strasbourg on wednesday a representative of employees in the industry turned our intention to an important issue . cartaria
the future green paper on supply will contribute to it . libro
that is why we need a white paper on transport policy which seeks to readjust modes of transport , to improve the trans-european networks , to eliminate points of congestion , to promote the railways , river transport , short haul sea shipping , to promote effective and less polluting urban transport , with the rationalisation of the use of the traditional car and the promotion of innovative research projects into clean fuels , and to improve the awareness and education of drivers . NULL
lastly , i should like once more to make it clear to parliament that we have not used these doubts or this quarrel about interpretation in relation to eurodac as an excuse for inaction : the commission has already submitted a working paper on revising the dublin convention , which it has in fact sent to the european parliament . documento
we are awaiting the outcome of the commissioner ' s review of over 100 responses to his white paper on the reform of restrictive trade practices and the abuse of market power . libro
since the commission ' s own papers make it clear that horizontal cooperation agreements are generally not made in order to work against the interests of consumers , i would be grateful to see what the commissioner ' s response is in that particular area . documenti
these country strategy papers are the first practical tool , not only for improved donor coordination and complementarity , but also for overall coherence of development cooperation policy with other eu policies . documenti
the country strategy papers should also steer us in the right direction for achieving an optimum division of labour between the commission and member states . documenti
as the draftsman of the opinion of the committee on employment and social affairs and the shadow rapporteur for the epp-de group on this matter in the committee on economic and monetary affairs , i should like to express my sincere thanks to mr skinner who has been very successful in collating the views of parliamentary committees and political groups and putting them on paper in a harmonious and balanced manner . carta
the commission will be presenting its progress report for the year 2000 and a new strategy paper on 8 november . documento
we need to be sure that the acquis communautaire is fully applied in practice , not just on paper . carta
but there must also be a sound basis and it is particularly important for the infrastructure to be created in the candidate countries , in order to ensure that acceptance of the community acquis is not and does not just remain acceptance on paper . carta
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we should bear in mind the fact that one of the new features in the white paper on food safety was the ' farm to table ' idea , which made farmers directly responsible for the quality and the safety of the animal and vegetable raw materials that they produce . libro
what will the role of the european food agency provided for in the white paper be , once it is up and running ? libro
this proposal falls within the framework of the legislation intended to strengthen the rules on feedingstuffs , included in the white paper on food safety . libro
you could say that you can put anything on paper , but in the final analysis , power will also need to reside in enforcement and penalties when the rules are broken . carta
the present proposal is the first in a series of initiatives based on the white paper on food safety . libro
i abstained in the vote on this never-ending resolution on enlargement because i believe that parliament would be doing a disservice to the politically important and worthy cause of eastward and southward enlargement of the european union to the south and east with this semi-digestible screed of paper . carta
this is my view , and the purpose of my abstention was to emphasise that this parliament would have done better to produce less paper but more substance . carta
with regard to the actions that we propose , page 16 of the policy paper sets out the new ways in which we are thinking of working , with greater decentralisation towards associations and towards national structures . nota
the commission white paper on food safety has foreseen the need to amend the annexes of the existing directives on the marketing of seeds in order to first of all lay down the growing conditions and other requirements for purity concerning the adventitious presence of genetically modified seeds in seed lots of traditional plant varieties and secondly to lay down the details of the labelling requirements for seed of genetically modified plants . libro
i cannot help but feel that in the race to produce a proposal within the time limit set by the reform white paper , the commission failed to focus properly on the detail . libro
many members are concerned that the existing system of financial control will disappear before a new system which now exists only on paper has been proven to work . carta
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the commission ' s great reform project as summarised in the white paper is primarily aimed at boosting efficiency , i.e. , at making a real improvement in financial management , covering in fact every aspect of the budget . libro
and why in 1996 did the commission publish a green paper - education , training and research - if there was no legal base for it ? libro
i would draw attention , out of the amendments tabled , to the inclusion in this recommendation of the specific category of researchers , since this category was originally included in the green paper . libro
mr president , the 1996 green paper on mobility lists the obstacles to mobility . libro
in line with the 1996 green paper on mobility , this group should also benefit from the recommendations in this report . libro
so we must make every effort to close the existing gap between words on paper and the actual , practical difficulties the european citizen still encounters every day . carta
it is through practical action and not through green or white papers or , for that matter , black or red ones , that problems are solved . libri
do not imagine that , by setting a recommendation down on paper , there will be cheers of joy from all the member states . esultanza
the council considered that it was not drafted suitably in order to be included in the community customs code and pointed out that there is a green paper - which is currently being converted into rules - specifically for combating fraud . libro
there were goods , particularly tobacco , which were entering through a non-community country in the european economic area zone , going through the community zone and then mysteriously leaving the community zone on paper , but without actually leaving . carta
a great many observations made by parliament during consultation over the white paper were taken into account even as early as at the stage of drawing up the proposal . libro
as you know , on 9 and 10 november , the commission and parliament are jointly organising a conference on this reform in freiburg , a conference proposed for the first time precisely in your resolution on the white paper . libro
the rapporteur generally welcomes the proposals in the commission white paper on this subject but is apprehensive of the possible implications of the reform , which aims principally to decentralise the implementation of competition rules . libro
in the end we tabled a very short paper to the committee on budgets with a number of recommendations which we hope will be taken on board . documento
i have not read this morning ' s papers yet , but i believe i can make a sincere case to promote french beef in general . giornali
i would like to request that commissioner lamy makes an emergency statement to this house as to why he is avoiding parliamentary scrutiny on a paper known as " everything but arms " . nota
the next item is the report ( a5-0272 / 2000 ) by mr bowis , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , on the commission white paper on food safety [ com ( 1999 ) 719 - c5-0136 / 2000 - 2000 / 2082 ( cos ) ] . libro
i therefore ask the commission what it plans to do in order to make the objectives of the white paper reality . libro
the more than eighty measures from the white paper are therefore indispensable . libro
mr president , let me begin by warmly congratulating the rapporteur , mr bowis , and let me also inform the commissioner , david byrne , that we appreciate the proposals he has put before us in this white paper and the relations he has established with parliament with a view to preparing the best possible legislation in the field of food safety for the future . libro
today we are discussing a white paper and it is useful to define a few first principles . libro
i hope that in the coming months and years , we will be closely monitoring the commission during the implementation of the white paper . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the white paper on food safety is a long overdue response to incidents like the bse and dioxin crises , which deeply undermined consumers ' sense of security and destroyed their confidence . libro
the white paper is by no means an answer to any of the crises . libro
it was high time that the commission produced the white paper to follow the green paper published many years ago now . libro
it should also be said , as some of the previous speakers have done , and in particular mr whitehead and mrs gebhardt , that the white paper is more than just another set of eu rules and regulations . libro
for example , the white paper must ensure that conditions are created in which safe food is possible at all . libro
mr president , i too have the pleasure first of all of commending the commission for its white paper on food safety , which is a good proposal , and mr bowis too for having done an excellent job of improving and fine tuning this proposal . libro
the white paper is a political paper for those in positions of responsibility in food production . libro
that is why the preventive measures in the white paper constitute the real action plans . preventive
this is where the only weak points in the white paper on food safety lie . libro
the impetus will be all the more necessary considering that the great expectations aroused by the white paper are not , in my opinion , truly reflected in the report tabled by mr bowis , despite the considerable amount of work he has put in . libro
mr president , the fact that the white paper on food safety has no intrinsic legislative value does not in any way detract from the dual purpose which it undoubtedly serves . libro
i welcome the fact that rapporteur bowis , who has done sterling work , has opted for a positive approach to the white paper . libro
both the white paper and the bowis report mention communication on the one hand and procedures in emergency situations on the other , but there is no attention to the internal and external crisis communication which is so desperately needed . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the white paper on food safety has laid a firm basis for better food in future and i am also hopeful of more environmentally-friendly and people-friendly production of food . libro
mr president , as the representative of the european liberal democrats , i would like to thank the commission sincerely for its white paper , with its ambitious objectives . libro
the white paper , which mr bowis ' report broadly endorses , does not define an imperative policy , which is a great pity . libro
the white paper on food safety is a proposal which aspires to restore consumer confidence in the entire food chain . libro
on a final note , president prodi created huge expectations in the run-up to his presidency , and commissioner byrne and rapporteur bowis were asked to flesh these out in their white paper . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the white paper on food safety is the commission 's response to the public 's increased sensitivity in this area . libro
the consistency of the white paper on food safety leaves something to be desired in places . libro
there have even been widely conflicting views about the main point of the white paper , the creation of a food safety agency . libro
i will not deny that when the white paper was published , i spoke out against the agency . libro
you should also use the white paper to enforce strict rules in the member states . libro
mr president , i would like to extend my genuine congratulations to mr bowis on his sound report on the white paper for food safety . libro
the white paper which is now before us and the bowis report both take an agency as their only starting point , an agency attended by an extensive package of tasks in the form of accompanying legislative measures designed to restore confidence . NULL
upon careful examination of the white paper in the member states and here in parliament , it will then be given legislative status in the form of a new draft directive . NULL
the commission 's white paper on food safety sets out a major and ambitious programme of legislative reforms to complete the eu 's farm to table policy . libro
in this respect the commission is already hard at work on its programme of legislative reform set out in the white paper . libro
the white paper reiterates the commission 's commitment to basing its proposals for consumer health protection measures on sound science . libro
i have followed parliament 's debate on the white paper with great interest . libro
i am encouraged to note the high degree of agreement between parliament 's views as expressed in the draft report that you have debated , and the white paper itself . libro
mr president , the group of the greens / european free alliance has indeed voted for mr bowis ' report and , while we welcome the fact that the european parliament and the commission , with its white paper , are offering european consumers interesting prospects , food safety must remain an absolute priority in our policies . libro
with all the measures proposed in the white paper , we will still have to flesh out a number of points in order to guarantee food safety and in particular restore consumer confidence . libro
let me say how glad i am that our parliament is finally delivering its opinion on such an important subject , while regretting that it has been 10 months since the european commission presented its white paper on 12 january this year . libro
at first glance , the commission 's white paper on food safety appears to be full of good intentions , since it mainly proposes the creation of a european food safety agency responsible for managing a rapid alert network and totally independent when it advises the management authorities . libro
that is not at all the direction taken by the white paper , which wants to make the european agency into a " scientific point of reference for the whole union " ( page 5 ) . libro
that is not at all the view of the white paper , which calls for the agency to develop very close working links with the commission services because , as it explains with a certain aplomb , " it will allow the authority ( agency ) to be responsive to the needs of the commission services " ( page 20 ) . libro
the commission 's white paper has the grace to admit that , but on closer perusal we find that the regulatory power it is so keen to protect is that of ... the commission , and not the states . libro
we therefore believe that the white paper and parliament 's report are traps , which is why we are opposed to them . libro
it has no problem with the location of the authority in brussels : so it will be right next to the commission services and therefore perfectly " responsive " ( sic ) to its wishes , as recommended in the white paper ... libro
on the other hand , the authority must be " given powers to require " member states to provide reports , statistics and papers ... documenti
the report ( a5-0271 / 2000 ) by mr moreira da silva , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the european commission green paper on greenhouse gas emissions trading within the european union [ com ( 2000 ) 87 - c5-0193 / 2000 - 2000 / 2104 ( cos ) ] ; libro
in this extraordinarily challenging context , we applaud the commission ' s initiative in bringing out together the green paper on emissions trading and the communication ' towards a european climate change programme ' . libro
let us begin by examining the green paper on ' emissions trading ' . libro
this green paper has opened the debate on the architecture of a future emissions trading system within the european union . libro
despite the merits of this initiative and the technical quality of the green paper , on which we congratulate the commission , the coverage of certain points is rather limited . libro
one : the green paper should have set quantified targets for greenhouse gas reduction to be attained by the emissions trading system ; in other words , the green paper should have said what percentage of greenhouse gas reduction would be allocated to emissions trading . libro
two : i believe the green paper should not have avoided carrying out an analysis into the possibility that the emissions trading system might give nuclear energy a competitive advantage . libro
three : i believe it is essential that the system should in future embrace certain sectors that the green paper has ruled out for now , especially transport , which is the sector in which emissions are growing the fastest . libro
we need to see the green paper on greenhouse gas emissions trading against this backdrop . libro
the green paper constitutes the first step towards establishing an instrument which is in conformity with the market , which prescribes a ceiling for emission levels and which , in time , will offer very efficient and effective opportunities to reduce these emission levels . NULL
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market therefore also welcomes the commission ' s green paper and the fact that a framework directive is to be drafted based upon it . libro
we in europe are in the vanguard of environmental policy and if we want to maintain our credibility then we must go further than is proposed in the white paper today . libro
the green paper on greenhouse gas emissions trading within europe is an excellent initiative . libro
finally , as you are aware , the commission intends to present a white paper on the overall chemicals policy by the end of this year . libro
the views of parliament expressed in the motion for a resolution will be taken into account in the white paper under preparation . libro
these systems can make payments between banks in different countries easier , quicker and cheaper , provided that the banks talk to their customers and make it clear to them that in addition to the permanent vat number , their iban code should now also feature on their letter-headed paper . carta
this principle should also be observed in full for green and white papers and for action programmes . libri
the introductory comments in the commission 's white paper on good governance set us thinking . libro
the initiative to prepare a white paper on governance , for example , is an attempt to promote the principle of subsidiarity at all levels . libro
in this regard , you should know that in connection with point 74 of the white paper on reform , the commission ' s services are already in the process of introducing a central register of contracts concluded by the commission , which will subsequently be linked to all the commission ' s financial information systems . libro
there are still some new applications to put into practice , and i would like to take this opportunity to outline the guidelines on community research that we would like to develop for the next framework programme , and which the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy has already examined , since i sent a policy paper to this parliamentary committee on 4 october , and it is to draw up a report . orientativa
as regards the security of energy supplies , the commission is planning to present a green paper , in november 2000 , on the future and place of the different energy sources in the context of improving the security of the energy supply of the european union . libro
whereas the court encourages the commission to proceed from principles to practice as quickly as is feasible , it needs to be recalled that , as yet , much of the reform is still on paper only . carta
i belong to a group of meps working on the reform ; we have just been with president prodi and have seen that he has personally taken on the development of the white paper in accordance with many of the recommendations that have been received year after year from the court over which mr karlsson so ably presides . libro
once the vote has been taken , this report on the common organisation of the market in pigmeat will simply add to the tonnes of paper of common agricultural market legislation . carta
according to the commission ' s green paper , incinerating pvc waste gives rise to a number of problems . libro
the third approach is the presentation by the european commission within a period of six months of a green paper examining a framework for supplementary health insurance schemes and proposing appropriate legislative initiatives . we have already called on the commission to do this and , commissioner , we are aware that it will involve a considerable amount of work . libro
however , there are huge differences between one country and another and we have no detailed or comparable statistics to help us ascertain reliably what applies where , what works best , where the weaknesses lie etc . , which is precisely why my opinion , which was drafted on the instructions of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , stresses the need , before any generally-applicable rules are introduced for supplementary health insurance , for the commission to submit a green paper containing an analysis of all these separate issues , together with the relevant information . libro
we could then use the conclusions drawn from the paper to introduce some general rules for all the member states , in order to improve the quality of supplementary health insurance and ensure that it adequately meets the needs of the weaker sections of the population . libro
that is precisely why it is so important - and in fact this is far and away the most significant achievement of this report - for the commission to produce a green paper on supplementary health insurance in the short term . libro
the statistics available to us in this sphere are not comparable , despite our best efforts to this end , and so it is crucial that we have this green paper . libro
therefore , during the first phase , we need to prepare a green paper on the situation of supplementary health insurance in the eu as soon as possible . libro
i can , however , support the commission ' s publishing a green paper explaining the ins and outs of such sickness insurance , focusing in particular upon sickness insurance in relation to cross-border activities and , in the process , looking into whether there is a need for further initiatives . libro
i also feel that the increase in labour mobility in europe is necessary and lends weight to our argument in favour of producing the aforementioned green paper and measures on the cost of public health . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr rocard is calling on the commission to define a framework for basic statutory health insurance systems in a green paper . libro
on the basis that amendments nos 2 and 3 are passed , which accept the suggestion of a green paper but do not dictate precisely what has to be in it , i shall certainly be calling upon my uk colleagues to vote in favour , though i shall be proposing abstention on amendment no 16 libro
i therefore believe we should lend our support to what mr rocard has put in his report - and we congratulate him on it - asking the commission to provide a service , a green paper which will enable us to see the current insurance situation in the member states and also to define the future . libro
so i am glad that the rapporteur has been willing to move from his categorical demand for a directive to an in-depth analysis in the form of a green paper . libro
the eu has already produced a piece of legislation on supplementary pensions in the form of a green paper , which has resulted in a draft directive . libro
the new proposal before us is for a green paper . libro
today 's green paper becomes tomorrow 's intrusive and damaging legislation . libro
first , on the question of the green paper , the complexity of the issues is such that a green paper may seem premature . libro
as you know , the commission intends shortly to adopt a green paper on the availability of energy supply and compliance with the kyoto objectives and the commitments made there by the european union . libro
the annex to the commission ' s proposal includes the indicative targets with regard to the national level of consumption of green electricity necessary for achieving the total quota of 22.1 % for the whole of the european union by 2010 , in accordance with the objectives laid down in the white paper of 1997 . libro
the commission 's proposals contained in the white paper on food safety and , in particular , the establishment of the authority which is to guarantee this safety , must be implemented as soon as possible - over a year has passed and the authority is not yet operative - in order to avoid the confusion of actions carried out by the governments on the subject causing damage such as that which we are witnessing now . libro
this follows up the statements by the commission and the call from the european parliament for major progress to be made towards implementing the target set out in the white paper of doubling the share of renewable energy in energy consumption by the year 2020 . libro
asean has become , in every sense of the word , a paper tiger in its failure to deal with the awful events in burma . carta
closer examination of these official papers - i have read them myself - reveals that the protestants are the main target of persecution . documentazione
moreover , the text we will be voting on calls on the european commission to draw up a green paper specifically on this question . libro
it is all very well to call on the commission to present a green paper indicating ways in which the existing health insurance systems could be effectively supplemented and maintained by means of supplementary care schemes while providing high-quality medical care , and it is important that we should welcome the development of a single market for supplementary health insurance . libro
i find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the commission 's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same calling on it to present a green paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes . libro
it should be regarded as a success that the european position , as proposed from the outset by the commission in its consultation paper , prevailed in basel , so that the inclusion of internal rating procedures is now at the centre of the debate . documento
the commission believes that the high degree of support given by the report to the aforementioned approach of the commission ' s consultation paper is obviously to be welcomed . consultivo
meanwhile , the prodi commission has agreed to implement the fourth recommendation addressed to it and to allow applicants access to their own corrected test papers in a selection procedure . corrette
the hope was also expressed that all other european bodies and institutions will follow the commission 's example and grant job applicants access to their own , corrected test papers . corrette
the difficulty is resolved by translation , but then we must be sure that the quality of translation is high and that the candidate can check that what was written in the original language is what appears in the paper as examined . testo
we thought it legitimate for candidates to have access to their marked test papers , since access to documents is a fundamental right and one that is also recognised in the charter of fundamental rights we adopted this week . corretto
the most important of mr söderman ' s proposals is the right of applicants to have access to their corrected examination papers afterwards . documenti
in addition , the report urges all the institutions and bodies of the european communities to allow applicants to have access to their corrected examination papers in future recruitment competitions , if they so request . corrette
i can now confirm something which has already appeared in the white paper on reform of the commission , specifically in action 29 which is about improving transparency in a way which benefits candidates and in which it is stated that ' finally , pursuant to the european ombudsman ' s recommendation , the commission will allow candidates access to their corrected tests in all competitions launched after july 2002 ' . libro
the commission has already submitted an excellent green paper concerning fair prices on the roads , and an important principle of this green paper is that there should be no cross-subsidising of road hauliers and that , above all , the money collected from particular roads should be used to solve the problems on these same roads . libro
i hope that the implementation of these decisions will not remain a mere paper exercise but that it will also be reflected in the appropriations in national budgets , which is where the executive power lies in this case . carta
following the reports by the independent experts , the commission , at the initiative of mr kinnock , presented a white paper proposing reforms to the way it functions . libro
the package of measures proposed in the white paper must help modernise the whole way the commission functions and make it more efficient . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , despite its scope the contents of the white paper presented by mr kinnock do not directly raise any institutional topics . libro
mr president , my group , the greens / european free alliance , also support the reform of the commission as set out in the white paper , and we urge its speedy implementation . libro
in general , we consider the basic approach taken in the white paper to be right and proper , and we hope that the commission has staying power and further reserves of courage on which it can draw in the course of the implementation process . audacia
we have already heard that the commissioner earlier today launched a series of papers on individual aspects of the report . documenti
consequently , our group supports the commission ' s proposals - the white paper - promoted by commissioner kinnock . libro
the white paper on european governance that came out recently , contains a whole host of worthwhile initiatives to this end , but there is still a great deal to be done in other areas . libro
commissioner kinnock and president prodi will receive the full support of the socialist group , which also means that we will keep an ever-watchful eye on the results and criteria outlined so eloquently in the white paper . libro
europe is a super power in economic terms and so it is absolutely right that we should be having this discussion subsequent to the debate on the white paper . libro
we now have a harmonised scheme to draft country strategy papers and indicative cooperation programmes in all developing countries . documenti
it will ensure that strategy papers follow the agreed framework and methodology and i am confident that this group will bring more quality and consistency to our country strategies . documenti
a conservative response to the white paper on commission reform would enable the eu to do less and to do it better . libro
the reforms proposed by malcolm harbour mep on the white paper are common sense reforms . libro
the proposals contained in the white paper , which are to a large extent drawn from the second report of the committee of independent experts , should make it possible for the commission to equip itself with the optimum organisational structure and operating methods so as to fulfil to the best of its ability the tasks assigned to it by the treaties , without , however , encouraging it to exceed the limits of its prerogatives as defined in the treaty , which has all too often been the case in the past . libro
quite clearly , the effectiveness of the reform proposed in the white paper will be judged by its results in terms of the use made of financial and human resources , particularly by the application of the relevant financial provisions being effectively monitored with appropriate supervisory and sanction mechanisms . libro
the union for a europe of nations group welcomes in principle the response represented by the commission white paper to the appeal made by the european parliament inviting it to carry out far-reaching reform of its human resources policy . libro
in addition , with regard to victims ' compensation , the commission will submit a green paper next year . libro
they may treat us shabbily in nice but to reverse everything parliament has done , as in the case of the european court of justice , knowing full well that we shall correct it all again this week , is just a waste of resources and we could have helped protect the environment by using less paper . carta
furthermore a country strategy paper , outlining our long-term development strategy , will be discussed with our indonesian partners in 2001 . discussione
i should also like to know why the commission 's paper on this subject had its release delayed until the day after the danish referendum on the euro . documento
it is always the area where we see hugely inflamed headlines in the papers and we need to tackle these issues seriously otherwise we are going to continue with a largely eurosceptic public like the people represented by mr heaton-harris . giornali
when i was the minister for the environment in britain i was responsible for producing a rural white paper , which dealt with some of the problems relating to rural post offices , so i do not take messages from the labour party , however nicely spoken by mr simpson . libro
in my opinion , reading the morning paper in a street café is quite different from reading it on the internet where you work . leggerlo
i have a similar question , number 60 actually , in the order paper . documento
subject : thessaloniki underground rail system after more than eight years , the thessaloniki underground rail system - an infrastructure project designed to promote the sustainable economic development of the city - still unfortunately exists only on paper in the 2nd csf , the local newspapers and the ministry for the environment , regional planning and public works . scartoffie
mr president , the commission 's green paper on future noise-abatement policy , which appeared in 1996 , stated that 20 % of the population of western europe , in other words almost 80 million people , were exposed to noise levels that the experts deemed to be intolerable . NULL
having read what was in the papers this morning in my country , i have to say that not only was the french presidency mistaken about poland ' s and spain ' s vote weighting , for which the president has , in fact , offered his apologies , but problems have emerged which are both numerous and embarrassing . notato
the adoption of this paragraph will undoubtedly coincide with the re-emergence of the paper produced by a vice-president of this parliament who wants to shift all the services and the directorate-general from luxembourg to brussels . documento
it is a good report , based on a good paper from the commission . documento
on paper , the highest level of support per order amounts to three and a half times the lowest level , but in practice , it appears that a number of eu member states are giving extra hand-outs to their maritime industry in a non-transparent manner . NULL
the efforts which are now being made to draft better legislation coincide with preparations for the white paper on better management . libro
i welcome the report , it is a positive paper and one that we can build on to create better educational networks within the european union . documento
she is rather pleased with the reams of paper which the commission has produced . carta
it is this very issue , an absolutely crucial one , that the consultation paper on the reform of the disciplinary procedure put forward by vice-president kinnock on 29 november , ignores , and it postpones a response until a later date . sorvola
the commission has already called a meeting of national experts in these fields , which will be held in the next few days , on the basis of a working paper that is being drawn up to present the proposals that i have just mentioned . documento
how is the commission planning to support investment in rail transport , mainly within the framework of the forthcoming white paper on transport policy , guidelines for the tens , and the green paper on urban transport ? libro
at the beginning of next month the commission expects to approve a white paper on the common transport policy , which will be accompanied by a review of guidelines on the trans-european transport network and possibly other initiatives to promote less polluting and more efficient transport systems . libro
secondly , what is intended in this white paper - in which we shall have the opportunity to discuss all these issues in great depth , and in which problems of charging and the competitiveness of the various modes of transport , etc . , will also appear - is precisely to make progress in sorting out bottlenecks , which does not mean that in some cases we shall not have to think about enhancing certain road infrastructures . libro
subject : supply of energy and nuclear energy the commission has just adopted a green paper on the security of energy supply . libro
in the green paper - which you can get hold of - what emerges quite clearly is the increase in support , incentives and all kinds of backing for the use of renewable energies . libro
secondly , the green paper also puts forward the possibility of using some kinds of compensation or crossed subsidies from the usual or traditional energy sources - coal , oil , gas , nuclear energy , or all of them together - to provide support for renewable energies . libro
not only the green paper on energy but also the white paper on transport - because transport has a lot to do with this subject - take a clear line of trying to minimise the effects from a climate change point of view and from an environmental point of view , while maintaining development , growth and the quality of life . NULL
the green paper clearly states that renewable energies need aid and support at the moment , as was the case some time ago with coal or nuclear energies , for instance . libro
in other words , i fully agree with you , and i say so plainly in the green paper . libro
the timing of the present communication gives it a special significance in that it represents a bridge to the green paper to be published on the review of the common fisheries policy . libro
but a balanced agreement - such as the one we should reach on the green paper - does not mean that it is a compromise between various extreme positions but rather a coherent report endorsing the future of the whole sector and the viability of fishing as an economic activity throughout the european union . libro
that is why i must again stress that , when there is evident dissatisfaction with the resources policy , the brilliant results of which we have just seen yet again at december ' s council meeting , with a tac system that encourages discards , when issues such as relative stability and freedom of access have yet to be resolved , not to mention the matter of bringing the only community policy that still discriminates on grounds of nationality into line with the treaties , the commission cannot seriously propose a draft green paper like the one it has drawn libro
the reform of the cfp and the forthcoming launch of the green paper mark a critical time for the fishing industry . libro
some say that even before the launch of the green paper there could be little left of the scottish fleet because of cuts in tacs , quotas and the proposed cod recovery proposals . libro
mr president , first of all , i should like to congratulate both meps , mr gallagher and mr poignant , on the way in which they have set the tone for the new green paper , for it feels like this debate forms part of the groundwork for this paper , and we could say that we are using these reports for our own ends in an appropriate manner in order to adopt a position on this . libro
if we consider the fisheries policy , then there is actually one aspect which needs to change on a number of levels , and with regard to that debate i should like to put forward a few initial points , which are also based on the situation in my region , so as to give you an indication of the expectations we have from the green paper . libro
the commission will certainly take your thoughts into maximum consideration in its forthcoming green paper . libro
i shall return a blank ballot paper because the call for a moratorium on the use of depleted uranium may be a positive step in the right direction , not that this means that war , internationally illegal bombings and other similar , fruitless interventions will stop . scheda
in addition to the structural problems which were specifically mentioned in the question , the presidency 's priorities also include starting work on the commission 's green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy and drawing up a proposal from the presidency on fishing and the environment , i.e. the integration of environmental issues and the principle of sustainable development in the common fisheries policy . libro
we know a recommendation , alas , is simply not worth the paper it is written on . carta
i am aware that measures such as making it compulsory to wear seat belts and helmets can be difficult to enforce , to implement , and that if they are not implemented then they are meaningless , merely words on paper . carta
with regard to the white paper on the common transport policy , as well as the delivery of the revised trans-european networks , which i have promised you , i hope that the commission will be able to definitively approve a text on that issue over the next few weeks . libro
i would like to end by thanking the rapporteur and all the speakers and i hope i will continue being able to count on your work and cooperation on this subject , when it comes to discussing the white paper on transport . libro
as you know , it derived from a 1995 commission green paper , which called for measures to internalise the external costs incurred by environmental , safety and congestion considerations , in order to bring about a fairer and more efficient system of charging users for access to transport infrastructure . libro
commissioner , vice-president , i hope that after the vote tomorrow you will peruse all the drafts for the white paper on transport policy again and check whether they follow the same lines as proposed by this house . libro
i also hope that we do not mix up the subject matter of the white paper with the subject of the trans-european networks . libro
moreover , the current situation is clear - the white paper and the green paper illustrated it perfectly : there is a great problem because of the environmental and social costs we have to bear and because of the attack on free trade that the difference in taxes and taxation systems in our countries imposes upon their economic systems . libro
i am therefore pleased to be able to assure parliament that the concerns highlighted in the report in relation to charging for infrastructures will be taken fully into account in the next commission white paper on the common transport policy , which i referred to previously and which , although somewhat later than the dates initially envisaged , will enable us to make progress in solving one the most complex problems of that transport policy : charging for infrastructures . libro
for awareness to grow we need balanced reports and discussion papers that emphasise equal representation , and i therefore urge you to support the ppe group ' s amendments . documenti
this chamber does not produce paper by the metre . carta
publishers and printing works use paper and other forest industry products , but many of them see themselves mainly as content producers . carta
the content industry ' s output is characterised , not just by its use of paper , but also by the new electronic industry : electronic communication . carta
more recently i visited finland to see the forestry industry at work as the guest of cepi , the confederation of european paper industries . carta
i happen to believe that despite all these wonderful aspects of modern technology , we will continue to need paper for our reading , because it is the medium that most people are still comfortable with and i certainly am . carta
the use of wood is thus cause for diversification , and especially now , when we are at the stage where communication is moving further away from paper , which is wood-based . carta
however , the commission 's communication is rather a hodgepodge which lumps together willy-nilly the publishing industry which is knowledge-based and content-focused with primary forestry industries and also paper production . carta
finally , with regard to the paper industry : it should clean up its bad former record on the pollution of the environment , and it is also important to inquire into the difficulties of monopolies in the paper sector , particularly with regard to cartels in the recycling sector . carta
this particularly applies to the paper industry at present , where more and more companies are merging because they believe this is essential if they are to remain competitive . NULL
at the start of the third millennium , women are still fighting for the right , on paper at least , to participate in the capitalist system , a right which socialism gave them at the beginning of the century . conquistare
mr president , assuming a driving role in the european union means implementing a series of guidelines which have thus far existed more on paper than as part of practical action . carta
experience shows that closing borders serves only to force immigrants with no identity papers and no rights into the hands of smugglers and other unscrupulous dealers . documenti
ideas on paper hardly ever turn into reality in practice . carta
libya , the country that lies almost exactly at the heart of the mediterranean states , goes unmentioned in the barcelona paper . documento
the white paper will cover the matter of non-discriminatory levies for infrastructure . libro
in this regard , the conclusions of the costa report are to be included in the white paper , and i am grateful to parliament for this . libro
fixed book prices and reduced vat rates , as applied in various member states to paper printing , must also apply to the electronic alternatives . carta
that sounds like saying the same thing twice over but we should pay attention to it in our debates on the white paper . libro
in conclusion , the reform of the common fisheries policy and the launch of the green paper in march are critical to stock preservation and to the fishing industry . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , first of all i would like to make it clear that in the course of this strasbourg part-session , during which the green paper on the reform of fisheries policy will be on the table , we will have ample opportunity to discuss fisheries policy in general . libro
today the commission will publish its white paper on policy on chemicals , but i have reason to suppose that the commission ' s approach to this too will be to protect the short-sighted financial interests of industry rather than guarantee that we would actually be rid of hazardous chemicals . libro
that is the context in which you announce a white paper on governance incorporating a form of partnership with civil society . libro
mr president , the commission president has told us that the institutions must be responsible , transparent and efficient and he has promised to bring forward a white paper on governance . libro
and this responsibility has to take the form of concrete proposals and not of vague references to a white paper or other such matters . libro
obviously , we will be dealing with the four issues that were mentioned by the european council including one issue which overlaps very much with the commission 's white paper on governance . libro
no one could possibly keep up with all the green papers , white papers , communications and reports that the commission and the commissioners keep presenting , and it is impossible , more particularly , to find in all this a main theme , or a clear plan for the future . libri
finally , on a specific issue , the commission 's work programme misses the point by a great distance when it promises a green paper on a corporate sense of social responsibility in the middle of this year . libro
a green paper on such a code is a sick joke to the many thousands of workers who have been affected by restructuring in recent weeks . libro
the promise of a green paper in the middle of this year is not an adequate response to the anguish that those workers , their families and entire communities have felt . libro
commissioner byrne 's white paper on food safety sets the ground rules and parameters within which the practical application of genetic research impacts on public health and the environment , and i have no doubt the vigilance of parliament is a further safeguard . libro
as far as the implementation of the white paper on food security is concerned , suitable proposals will also be forthcoming here . libro
this question has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with the question on the order paper . giorno
so far as progress is concerned , on 28 february 2001 the commission will give consideration to a series of eight detailed draft proposals which will then be submitted for consultation to all the staff , and for formal negotiations to the staff representatives , as well as to two orientation papers , one of which relates to pay and pensions and the other to the more linear career system . documenti
this piece of paper includes provision to make buses more accessible for disabled users , but it does not address the whole question of operating regulations for public transport systems across the european union . documento
but for that very reason it is also proper for the commission , in a preparatory paper in the run-up to stockholm , to propose that in stockholm we should look at very specific goals to increase the employment rate to 67 % by 2005 and to strengthen the participation of women in the labour force to 57 % . documento
my group has said it is in favour of implementing the white paper on food safety in a more forward-looking way , not only to avert distorting the market , but also to implement the overall concept of the white paper more ruthlessly . libro
thus , the prospects offered in the medium term by the generalised use within europe of new ' smart card ' type identity papers lead to a redefinition and readjustment of universal service , polarised on two vectors of change : a service level agreement and a rich content . carte
we often raise our employment plans in official addresses ; they feature in many papers , in european directives , in national action plans , where they are wonderfully expressed . documenti
it must also , however , grant the same rights to the people who , driven by the increasingly restrictive policy on identity papers , visas and asylum rights , are forced to work in unacceptable conditions , without social protection . documenti
unfortunately , their ordeal continues once they have entered european states as , without regular papers , they can be freely exploited and forced to suffer intolerable living conditions . clandestini
they give rise to tragedies such as those in dover , gibraltar or the situation of those immigrants without regular papers in spain , belgium and france who are on hunger strike in order to obtain recognition . clandestini
on the other hand it is madness to start punishing the solidarity of pressure groups and churches with political refugees and workers employed for a long period of time in a member state of the eu without the correct papers . documenti
we must hold the serbs to their promises which , however splendid they may be , as yet exist only on paper . carta
we therefore believe it is vital to carry out a very detailed investigation of the incident in order to determine whether possible interests that have not been clearly defined have led to the paper ' s being closed down . giornale
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , exactly a year has passed - or rather , it will be exactly a year tomorrow - since the commission adopted the reform strategy white paper . libro
in the twelve months since the prodi commission adopted the reform strategy white paper we have achieved significant advance in all those areas . libro
this is why i feel so confident that the priorities that we have listed , the policy paper and the support it has got is strong , real stuff that we can use . documento
so , even if it is not revolutionary , i see a strong meaningful value in having it and certainly , as i sense in our discussions over the months between the commission and parliament in this field , we have real value in having this shared framework of what it is that we think about when we talk about the development policy paper . utilissimo
the next thing now is that we are going to use it and the moment is important because together with the launching of the cotonou agreement , the hammering out of country strategy papers for each and every one of the 77 acp countries , we are in business , and we are going to use these principles . documenti
as our green paper " towards a european strategy for the security of energy supply " emphasises , we feel that the euratom treaty fulfils its objectives in a whole range of areas . libro
with regard to the development of information technology - point two - the commission is taking this into account in a number of ways : combining all the communication instruments in a single directorate-general , moving from a paper medium to an electronic medium , developing the second generation europa server in accordance with the recommendations of the lisbon summit , and harmonising and developing the websites of the union representations with simplified portals linking all the departments of the commission . cartaceo
these questions must be answered because going forward with the white paper on governance cannot be done in all sincerity , unless there is a commitment by the european commission to come to terms with the problems it is experiencing within its organisation . libro
they have said that you can tell if someone is illegal or not when he is standing on the german-polish border and wants you to provide him with transport ; taxi drivers themselves have no powers to check these people ' s papers . documenti
what we do , however , know is that he had no valid identity papers and was to be deported . documenti
the commission is working with olaf on a green paper concerning the establishment of a european public prosecutor 's office , because we do not intend to give that idea up and will now be seizing the opportunity for a more open and wide-ranging debate . libro
the green paper put forward by the commissioner is an important instrument for energy policy in the european union and clarifies some of the priorities in this field . NULL
as indicated in the green paper on the security of supply and the kyoto commitments , issued by the commission in december , energy efficiency and energy savings contribute to energy policy , since every kilowatt saved is the equivalent of needing to produce one kilowatt less . libro
i also want to tell you that the proposals included in the white paper on transport policy , which i hope to present soon , are entirely compatible with what we have been talking about here today and with what the green paper says . libro
later this year , the commission will make an important contribution through its white paper on european governance . libro
during the course of the first debate on the méndez de vigo / seguro working paper in the committee on constitutional affairs , one of the requests made was for the historical introduction in the first part of the report to be angled not from the point of view of the council ' s victories or the commission ' s victories , but from the point of view of parliament ' s defeats . documento
thirdly , the substance of the debate : that needs to be considered in terms of papers , broad dialogues and other ideas of this kind . documenti
each time the european union - and the economic community before it - made progress , there was this plan and this driving force : the spaak committees before the treaty of rome , the white paper produced by lord cockfield before the luxembourg treaty , the strong proposals made by the commission and the strength of the france-germany axis with the treaty of maastricht . libro
the commission also announces a broad policy paper setting up a strategic vision for life sciences and biotechnology after 2010 , which will be ready by the end of this year . documento
the policy paper and action plan will be the commission 's response to parliament 's wish for an initiative . documento
madam president , it is not because i represent the pensioners ' party that i am knowledgeable about the issue of the election observance by our missions in the other states , but because i established the pensioners ' party in italy and , for almost 20 years , i have been surrounded by papers , regulations and elections : indeed , not a year passes without me being involved in some election or other . carte
it has produced a single market on paper , but not yet a single market in reality . carta
the commission has proposed new measures on these products in its white paper on the new chemical policy which is now in public consultation . libro
the next item is the report ( a5-0092 / 2001 ) by mr sacconi , on behalf of the commission on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the commission green paper on environmental issues of pvc . libro
mr president , the green paper before us today on the environmental problems of pvc was presented by the commission in july 2000 , in line with the provisions of the directive on end-of-life vehicles , which introduces a new method making manufacturers responsible for the entire life cycle of a product , from its design to its disposal . libro
this approach , which is intended to encourage manufacturers to design products and materials which are safer and , in particular , easier to recycle , is also the basis of the green paper on pvc . libro
indeed , although the green paper does not deal directly with either the production or the use of pvc , it poses a clear set of questions regarding waste disposal which ultimately have a direct bearing on the product itself . affrontando
in that respect their views are in conflict with the spirit of the commission ' s green paper . libro
the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy has made an evaluation of the green paper , which , in my opinion , has been greatly influenced by the industry ' s aggressive line . libro
we , as the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , welcome the green paper and are in favour of an integrated approach which , on the one hand , protects the environment and health , and , on the other , guarantees the smooth operation of the internal market , whilst also very much taking into account the interests of employment . libro
in our opinion , this is where the green paper leaves something to be desired , particularly since the alternatives for pvc are kept out of the picture . libro
in this connection , the green paper gives in actual fact insufficient cause for this . libro
we find it an encouraging sign that we have been given a green paper in this area , but we hope that this will soon be followed up by a more comprehensive legislative initiative . libro
according to the commission 's green paper , no full assessment of the risks connected with the use of lead-based products - which include pvc stabilisers - has been completed . libro
mr president , in the green paper on pvc , it is unfortunate that the commission does not go much beyond a description of the situation and the presenting problems , whilst hardly offering any solutions . libro
the commission green paper and mr sacconi 's report put particular emphasis on additives , especially the cadmium and lead-based stabilisers . libro
as things currently stand , a general ban on pvc is neither possible nor sensible and should not therefore be advocated in this green paper . libro
we need to improve this aspect of the green paper a little more and ensure that the pvc strategy is also implemented in the applicant countries as soon as possible . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i particularly welcome the tabling of a green paper on pvc , but i have to say straight away that this green paper disappointed me , because it opens the door to panic , not to panic about jobs , but panic about pvc as a material . libro
the weak points of the green paper are that it mentions products , such as cadmium and lead , which industry actually uses only very rarely in the pvc production process even now . libro
these are points , therefore , which certainly need to be taken into consideration , and the green paper needs to be altered to reflect them . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the green paper before us has , in my opinion , served its purpose . libro
in my opinion , in a green paper nothing must be off-limits and no possibilities must be ignored if we wish to have a sound basis for deciding on a comprehensive strategy . decisionale
mr sacconi 's report remedies the deficiencies in the green paper in a balanced way . libro
i hope that the last outstanding report will be included in the assessment of soft pvc in the green paper . libro
the main purpose of the green paper was to initiate a broad public debate at european level that would be all-embracing and multi-sectoral in nature . libro
the european parliament is kept very much up to date on developments , and in the months to come the commission will be issuing a communication based on the green paper and the opinions received during the consultation procedure , which will spell out the community ' s strategy on environmental issues connected with pvc . libro
in addition , the green paper is casting its shadow ahead , and it could be used as a crowbar to step up the involvement of the fisheries sector in the sustainable management of fish stocks , and to modernise the fleet . libro
it is willing to present a working paper on the state of play regarding the collection of own resources to us at the beginning of the budget process . procedura
mrs haug , the commission cannot accept these last two amendments , although we have agreed to comply with parliament 's wish - the wish of the committee on budgets - to provide more information on the collection of own resources in a working paper . documento
report ( a5-0092 / 2001 ) by mr sacconi , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the commission green paper on environmental issues of pvc [ com ( 2000 ) 469 - c5-0633 / 2000 - 2000 / 2297 ( cos ) ] libro
as regards your current statement , which is hopefully more comprehensive and detailed on paper than what we have just heard , i have two main problems : firstly , how do you verify that the funds provided by the european union for the information campaign are actually being used efficiently and constructively , and in accordance with the guidelines and recommendations and the basic political message , in the member states ? scritta
. ( fr ) ladies and gentlemen , a white paper on common transport policy will very soon enable us to renew the debate on sustainable development . libro
mr president , my question relates to the green paper " towards fair and efficient pricing in transport " . libro
several studies have already been carried out on this issue and the green paper that mrs de palacio presented on behalf of the commission sets a debate in motion on a whole raft of issues . libro
member states themselves are responsible for setting the conditions for issuing and validating the identity papers of their nationals . documenti
mrs hermange ' s report is , without exaggeration , a particularly important paper because it captures all aspects of the problem with perfect clarity and proposes a universal policy at all levels and in the broadest possible sense , by setting specific targets . documento
the week before last , in parliament , we were launching the epilepsy white paper . libro
i regret to say that , as often happens , those votes were thrown away , destroyed in the italian climate , where the constitution and expressions of the citizens ' will often count for no more than waste paper . carta
the commission , you write , in the conclusions of the stockholm summit , and i quote , will ' present in june 2001 a green paper on corporate social responsibility ' and will ' encourage a wide exchange of ideas with a view to promoting further initiatives in this area ' . libro
the upcoming spanish presidency has an important task ahead in ensuring that lisbon comes to mean something concrete and is not just words on paper . morta
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , almost every day we read articles in the papers about refugees stranded on the coasts of europe . giornali
on 20 march , the commission submitted its green paper on the future of the multiannual guidance programmes and , on 16 march , its communication about the integration of environmental protection requirements into the multiannual guidance programmes . libro
of course , i would like to take the opportunity to welcome the green paper on the review of the common fisheries policy , which is all important , particularly to my own country . libro
of special importance in this connection is the work being done within the commission on , for example , the european climate change programme and the work based on the green paper on greenhouse gas emissions trading within the european union . libro
if you now find yourself stuck in an airport , with your baggage gone , your flight delayed , or perhaps cannibalised , you get this little piece of paper which tells you what your rights are under the warsaw convention . carta
aside from its urgency , this measure follows on directly from the white paper on food safety which included in its proposals the incorporation of problems associated with the production of animal feed . libro
in ireland , the only country in the european union which will vote on the treaty of nice , i am informed by my constituents that the irish government is not providing copies of the treaty of nice , but only its white paper on the treaty . libro
we will discuss it and it is important that we try to work out the same kind of well-informed consensus on this step as we managed to do on the overall policy paper . documento
let me remind parliament that in the overall development policy paper , we have specified areas of special focus , which also means that we will frankly have to rely on others doing more in the areas where we will do less , and we have member states who will and can do this . documento
in conclusion , i hope that this regulation will actually lead to a new approach in the institutions of the european union , so that it is not just a question of committing words to paper without overcoming the existing difficulties that we are all aware of . carta
therefore , and given that the legislative proposals that we are examining today aim to regulate this matter , it is essential both that we have an effective system of police and customs cooperation and that we establish a global information system that includes identifying counterfeit notes , collecting them and sending them to centres that study the method of counterfeiting , the paper used , the ink , the amount counterfeited , etc . carta
luckily , the commission has presented a paper here which will need to play an important part in future discussions in connection with stability and convergence programmes . modello
i also feel that account must be taken of this issue in the white paper on european governance . libro
good laws are all very well , but they are just words on paper unless we have effective control and compliance . morta
my report is : white paper " teaching and learning - towards the learning society " . libro
the main objectives which the commission tried to attain in the implementation of its white paper seemed laudable : developing employability and boosting knowledge potential . libro
unfortunately , the commission 's white paper " teaching and learning - towards the learning society " missed the opportunity to produce a comprehensive report , including examples of good practice , which would have been of great value to all those working in the field . NULL
therefore i agree with the rapporteur that even as an interim report , on what was after all an ambitious white paper , this is a disappointing summary of progress on this most important issue . libro
mr president , teaching and learning for a knowledge-based society , a citizens ' society , european added value and other similarly pompous expressions of dubious import are sprinkled liberally through the reports under discussion in a bid to conceal the real substance of the reactionary , anti-educational reforms of the education systems advocated in the white paper . libro
the reports under discussion , especially the perry report , not only fail to oppose the guidelines in the white paper , their sole criticism is of the delay in implementing them . libro
the objectives were not concrete , they were not quantifiable , there were no indicators and where is the european value added of that white paper ? libro
mr president , i welcome the paper on the e-learning initiative and congratulate the rapporteur on its content . documento
first of all i should like to thank mr perry for his report on the white paper . libro
as regards financial provisions , the white paper does not contain any . libro
the objectives set out in the white paper were incorporated into the luxembourg process , the cardiff process and the social agenda . libro
as a body that is responsible for policy , we should not content ourselves with simply papering over the cracks . ritenerci
mr president , the conclusions of the committee on employment and social affairs on page 21 of mr perry 's report , which also deals with the white paper on the use of electronic equipment , tell us that it " ... would be ... appreciated if employers showed greater willingness to take on older employees " who , throughout their lives , have acquired the new skills that the modern world offers us every day . libro
the strategy paper the commission has adopted today seeks to lay the foundations for the european union strategy , which should - and must - be adopted by the forthcoming european council on 15 / 16 june in gothenburg . documento
the paper is our response to the invitation issued in helsinki in december 1999 to " prepare a proposal for a long-term strategy dovetailing policies for economically , socially and ecologically sustainable development " . documento
these indicators will develop naturally from the long-term objectives and targets the commission is proposing in its strategy paper for gothenburg . documento
subject : forthcoming commission green paper on corporate social responsibility does the commission still support the view expressed by anna diamantopoulou in her address to the eu committee of the american chamber of commerce on 30 october 2000 that ' when voluntary action fails , the pressure for regulation grows ' and that ' there are certain abuses of basic rights which simply cannot wait for voluntary action to address them ? ' libro
how will this view be upheld in the green paper on corporate social responsibility currently being prepared by dg employment ? libro
the commission is preparing a communication on corporate social responsibility , basically a green paper , and discussions will start in june . libro
however , let me say quite clearly that the principle on which the green paper is based is that any action relating to corporate social responsibility , any corporate social action , has nothing to do with compliance with current legislation , which is taken for granted . libro
i am asking her for an assurance that parliament 's call for a legal base for monitoring european companies ' actions in third countries will be included as one of the options in the green paper . libro
i want an assurance that this will be discussed and therefore form the basis for consultations through her green paper . libro
one of the questions which will be raised in the public debate triggered by the green paper in june will be how we can mobilise international monitors , independent international bodies , in conjunction with government organisations and with what specifications , so that we have an objective assessment at international level to which to refer . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to ask you whether the green paper also takes account of the fact that eighteen million businesses in the european union have fewer than 250 employees . libro
how will the green paper deal with these issues ? libro
however , you will see that one chapter in the green paper deals with collaboration between large and small companies and best practices , of which we already have examples in several countries in europe , where large companies form networks with small and medium-sized enterprises to support them , train their employees and keep them abreast of new practices . libro
i think , and here i agree with you , that the green paper and the new role played by companies may offer a great deal of support , especially for small companies . libro
what use is it to our fishermen , after all , if on paper they are allowed to catch so many tonnes of fish but the fish is simply not there ? carta
we must remember that this is the most expensive agreement , together with the mauritania agreement , since the moroccan agreement disappeared , simply as a result of what is known as ' paper fishing ' . carta
i no longer have faith in resolutions which are treated like waste paper , often lying in some dusty corner of the archives of the parliamentary committees . carta
but what will happen in a world where the word of a superpower is no longer worth the paper it is written on ? carta
if we are actively to combat racism and xenophobia , we must respect the right of asylum , formulate a policy for regularising the status of all those without the necessary papers in europe and grant nationals of third countries the right to vote and stand at all elections . clandestini
the success of nice is perhaps the fact that this paper exists and it is now up to those responsible to take things forward on the basis of it . documento
finally , mr president - and that is not a criticism of commissioner wallström or the rapporteur , mrs myller - there is a risk that this proposal will not have more impact than a paper tiger . carta
we have now also received the prodi paper for the gothenburg summit . documento
it has to be said that this paper contains a number of interesting ideas which go even further , such as the abolition of subsidies for fossil fuels until 2010 , and 7 % bio-fuels for cars and lorries , also in 2010 . documento
you will not believe it , mr president , but , the next day , all the papers in italy - and i think all over europe - reported the declaration by president prodi calling for a tax , paid specifically by the citizens , called a ' tax for europe ' : not an extra tax - which is something i would not agree with - but for european funds to be financed by means of a quota of the taxes paid by european citizens . giornali
however , we do not achieve anything with a common definition on paper if no concrete measures are put in place to trace the perpetrators and accessories , and to offer the victims the necessary legal protection . carta
we have already produced vast quantities of papers and resolutions . carte
the enforcement of that legislation is , at the same time , a great cause for concern , and it often amounts to nothing but rules on paper . carta
in this connection , i would remind you of the commission ' s white paper on this issue , which states , for example , that it is hoped to develop test methods that minimise the number of animals used in animal experiments . libro
we propose certain specific measures considered to be very urgent - such as the use of the internet to publish pictures and details of stolen objects - and we request that the commission , under the direction of the commissioner for culture , produce a green paper describing the current situation , assess the effects of the regulation and the directive , carry out a comparative study of the definition of heritage in each member state and , above all , propose specific measures to improve the situation . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would firstly like to warmly congratulate the rapporteur , mr whitehead , on this report , which was far from straightforward , and mr bowis , who has done great work on the preliminary task of the report on the white paper . libro
so just as when my report , at the white paper stage , demanded a system based on science and focused on safety , again we say right across this house : keep the food safety authority slim , transparent , independent and dedicated to assessment of food safety risk and to recommendations as to what action , if any , should be taken . libro
the publication of the commission white paper on food safety and the proposed establishment of a european food authority marks a new era in food production . libro
it was the white paper on food safety which proposed the creation of the authority which we are discussing here today . organismo
as you will have seen from the proposal , the commission took careful account of the bowis report from parliament on the white paper on food safety . libro
the white paper on food safety is dated january 2000 . libro
as recently as just a month or so ago the new york times - of all papers - contained reportage which described in very positive terms how the one-child policy was being changed quite thoroughly and radically . giornale
there is a saying in dutch , ' papier is geduldig ' [ paper can wait ] , and i am certain that this proverb also exists in other languages . carta
in addition , electronic invoicing will result in savings for companies as the cost of sending and handling an electronic invoice is far lower than a paper invoice . cartacea
hence the need to set up a common legal framework , for both paper and electronic invoicing . cartacea
madam president , the eldr group supports the reform set out in the white paper and which we have been able to discuss with the commissioner . libro
as the house may recall , in our reform strategy white paper in march last year we announced our intention to undertake a reallocation of human resources across departments in order , specifically , to concentrate activities more precisely on core policy objectives and to achieve a better balance between the tasks assigned to the commission and the resources available to it . libro
the commission hopes that all states parties will accept the composite paper as a good starting point towards enabling the task of drafting and agreeing on the protocol to be finalised in time for the btwc conference . documento
is it true that children were seen with ballot papers ? schede
this country is now so extreme and medieval that paper bags are banned in case they contain pulped versions of the koran and women are veiled , segregated from men and unable to work at all . carta
we have this paper , which can be improved upon , but it is precisely because we now have the paper that such improvements can be made . documento
mr president , we wish we could be considering a perfect and polished commission working paper on the settlement of consumer disputes , specifically those requiring cross-border solutions . documento
sweden voted in favour of the proposed fines in the case of transporter ' s liability , a proposal that involves a kind of privatisation of asylum policy , which in turn would mean that airlines and other carriers would be penalised if they did not screen out refugees who did not have their papers in order when they made their way to the eu . documentazione
madam president , when i was travelling home by plane last week , i got hold of a swedish business paper , dagens industri , which does not normally praise the swedish government all that often . industri
furthermore , the trend in america also gives the lie to much of what we have been able to read in the papers this morning . giornale
the papers always maintain that things would degenerate into chaos or that it would have a negative impact on europe 's financial market if we suddenly rejected this directive . se
in addition , econometric models are now published in the working paper series . paper
as rapporteur for the resolution , i have had an opportunity to deal with both the green paper and the commission communication on the results of the consultation . libro
whereas in the green paper you were still talking about supplementary retirement provision in the internal market and tried to make the european public believe that something was being done for the majority of europe 's citizens , your present proposal for a directive simply reflects the interests of the european financial sector . libro
i am not giving away any secrets if i tell you that we have obtained all the position papers and proposals drafted by the finance industry , and in particular the investment sector . documenti
we need to look at the single market to ensure that it does not contradict the aims of this directive and we need to make sure that renewables take their full place when we consider the security of supply green paper . libro
what we must destroy is this europe which lives by means of paper , by means of an image which does not correspond to what the citizens effectively want . carte
the commission ' s white paper has set us an indicative target , namely that 12 % of gross energy consumption should be covered from renewable sources by 2010 . libro
more systematic use of country-strategy papers will help to ensure the cogent use of community instruments to address both the root causes of conflict and other human rights problems . documenti
the moving section on enlargement in mr wuori ' s paper reminds us that both a condition and a consequence of enlargement of the union will be to expand the recognition , enforcement and upholding of human rights throughout this continent . rammenta
mr cornillet suggested that we should not take the two papers together . documenti
this should not merely be noted down by you on paper : the governments in the european union must take steps to address this situation . segnalarlo
firstly , whilst i welcome the commitment in the communication to appeal to european enterprises to do more to respect human rights , reflected in paragraphs 55 and 92 of our resolution , i have to say to the commission that i am disappointed that the relex dgs appear to have opted out of the draft green paper on corporate social responsibility . libro
the right to asylum can only be respected and human traffic effectively combated through freedom of movement and a policy to regularise the position of all those without papers . clandestini
limiting detention to ' exceptional cases ' or ' a maximum period ' are inadequate recommendations which maintain the criminalisation of asylum seekers and people without papers . clandestini
today , the direct evidence of doctors who participated in the operations is in all the papers , and nobody can deny the evidence any longer . giornali
the overcapacity of the community fishing fleet , which marine scientists estimate to be 40 % , a figure adopted in the march 2001 green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy , is one of the main causes of the excessive pressure that fishing exerts on fish stocks . libro
the commission is proposing to extend the magp by one more year in order to debate fleet policy in the context of the green paper . libro
the commission green paper on reform of the cfp contains proposals , which have received widespread support from the industry , for maintaining the 6- and 12-mile limits to protect in-shore fisheries , preserving the successful conservation zones such as the shetland box and maintaining the concept of relative stability to limit access to the north sea . libro
in addition to the short-term technical proposals referred in this type of report , the approach of the commission 's green paper , which is both more regional and conservation-orientated , must be embraced . libro
i have a second piece of information , which is that the commission communication regarding the white paper on european governance shall be followed by consultation with the political groups , on the understanding that the main debate will take place at the next part-session or at the october 1 part-session at the latest . libro
secondly , i am confused about the fact that , according to the white paper on governance , there is a desire for ' networks of similar existing bodies in the member states capable of dealing with disputes involving citizens and eu issues ' , at the same time as an intention to improve people ' s knowledge of their rights under community law . libro
i believe that we need to do some serious thinking , and i think that the commission could have been more practical when it came to how this very issue was dealt with in the white paper . libro
what is happening with the helpdesk which you were going to set up so that the measures in the white paper could be consulted by officials ? libro
in day-to-day practice , since we have implemented the code , the answer to the question on the oral paper today about whether the code of administrative behaviour is in practice incorporated in the activities of the commission is yes . interrogazione
why not do voters the service of putting all papers on the internet so that they can be read in karup and prague , bogense and budapest ? documenti
in the recent commission white paper on european governance , there is even the astounding theory that european law is too meticulous because the council and parliament are greatly increasing the amount of detail , because they do not have enough confidence in the commission . libro
the number of chapters is increasing and i am pleased to announce that the commission could receive all the position papers from the ministry by christmas , if it is able to do so . documenti
everything seems to run more smoothly on paper but , in practice , we see , for example , that , in most countries , the roma are still really being treated like second-class citizens and that we are still being confronted with third-world situations which are on a par with the worst slums in africa and in third-world cities . carta
as for the treatment of other minorities , what is written so neatly on paper and in laws appears , once again , not to bear any resemblance to reality . documenti
it is not looking so good in practice as it is on paper . carta
white paper on the reform of european governance libro
the next item is the commission communication on the white paper on the reform of european governance . libro
madam president , i would like firstly to congratulate the president , mr prodi , both on the white paper and on his comments here today . libro
it seems to me that the forty pages of this white paper are forty dense pages , full of reflection and proposals . libro
furthermore , i believe that your manner of presenting the white paper has been correct . libro
the white paper is a departure point . libro
i believe that our main problem is that we are european without knowing it and without doubt this white paper has a good role to play in this pedagogical zeal to explain what europe is and what the european union is for . libro
the second idea that i would like to highlight on behalf of my group is that this white paper stresses the originality of the system which has operated over the last fifty years . libro
this white paper is very important because we are at a moment of the historic constituent process of the european union , and that process opened with declaration 23 at nice . libro
i just wonder why it was not set out this clearly in the white paper which you submitted , unfortunately at a time at which we were unable to discuss it directly . libro
a white paper on european governance really should have been submitted to parliament first . libro
but if you look at the white paper , this premise is hardly anywhere to be found , at least not in the prominent and leading place in which it belongs . libro
you say nothing about it in your white paper . libro
mr president , you refer several times in your white paper to getting back to basics , on focusing on basics once more . libro
madam president , this white paper between ourselves is worth more than all the recent grandstanding speeches of national leaders , because it combines clarity of purpose with a substantial degree of self-criticism . libro
but the place that we intend to do this is in the new convention that we trust will be set up at laeken , a concept that strangely receives not a single mention throughout the entire white paper . libro
would mr prodi agree that the white paper will be a most sensible contribution to the work of that convention ? libro
would he say exactly the way he sees the furtherance of the work on the white paper fitting in with that of the convention ? libro
madam president , president of the commission , your white paper has been widely praised , but we were disappointed in it , because it has not proved the important document that we had expected after your promises . libro
in contrast to the draft white paper and the report of the commission ' s preparatory working party 4 c , provision is no longer made for a differentiation in regional involvement depending on the type of member state : unitary , decentralised , regionalised or federal . libro
i have handed out this white paper and asked our citizens what they think of it . libro
the white paper contains positive ideas , such as strengthening the role of the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions or stepping up consultation with organisations in civil society , it is true . e
the basic political problem of the white paper is obvious , i think , right from the start . libro
you quite rightly addressed the problem of the democratisation of the european union here today , but why can i only find trace elements of it in the white paper itself ? libro
the white paper makes provision for a consultation stage up to march 2002 . libro
dispensing with amendments to the treaty , as you have posited , is not , in my view , a viable proposition , quite apart from the fact that you suggest a revision in the white paper itself . libro
madam president , i too want to thank the commission for a good analysis in the ' governance ' paper . documento
the paper talks a lot about more consultation , but it looks as though the aim is to create more support for the commission ' s ' top-down ' proposal . documento
this is the basic condition for a true democracy , a word that is scarcely mentioned , moreover , mr president , in your white paper . libro
i imagine , mr president , that , in your position , you were not able to resolve this issue , but the white paper could at least have raised it . libro
the second point is the issue of the language and title etc. of the white paper . linguaggio
as i recall , we imposed a limit on ourselves in this white paper : we will not amend the treaties . libro
therefore , it is not the purpose of the white paper to change the delegation of powers . libro
that is why this white paper , would appear , on the one hand , to be a genuinely innovative , substantial move towards democracy and transparency ; on the other , some areas of it are still vague but this is because it is a proposal which we could not present as a finished product today : we need to work together to refine and develop it . libro
i would like to thank you because , in debating this issue today , we have initiated cooperation which will last for almost a year , until we present the final version of this white paper and it becomes our self-regulation instrument , as mr dell ' alba would call it . libro
with regard to the ec 's own efforts , progress on implementing the poverty focus has been reported through various commission papers . documenti
the commission is midway through the process of preparing poverty-focussed country-strategy papers for the acp countries which will implement the cotonou agreement . documenti
developing countries ' own poverty reduction policies are the foundation for these country-strategy papers . documenti
a working paper of the commission services has been drafted on measures taken and planned to take forward the poverty focus of the ec 's development policy and poverty awareness training has been offered to the commission 's development staff . documento
the ec is explicitly and financially supporting the poverty reduction strategy papers as the main vehicle for ensuring universal and coordinate donor support for efforts by developing countries to eradicate poverty for their populations . documenti
the real problem is that what is legal on paper or in practice in a country like the sudan can be very different from what we would accept as being legal here . carta
another piece of legislation - directive 1999 / 37 / eec on the minimum set of information to be put on registration papers for motor vehicles - does not include any specification for this characteristic of replacement tyres . documenti
mr president , in the extremely interesting debate that we have heard this morning following mr prodi ' s presentation of the white paper on governance , he said that the control exercised by this parliament , including control over budgetary matters , should not be concerned with questions of detail but should check whether the instruments are achieving their objectives and should adopt more of a political approach and less of an accounting one . libro
i am grateful that the commission announced in its white paper on european governance that it intends to take a somewhat clearer line here . libro
mainly , however , what is essential is a form of vigilance that ensures total compliance with current legislation , which often appears to be nothing more than a useless piece of paper and as such , cannot serve the purposes for which it was intended . concepita
unless we ensure that passengers have access to information on their rights , which in many cases means that they cannot exercise these rights , there is no point at all in embarking on a legislative process whose outcome might also end up being nothing more than a useless piece of paper . frutti
i hope and we hope that this too will be taken into account in the forthcoming white paper , both in favouring the choice of those rail links that we have been waiting for for too long , and in identifying tariff measures that will , through better attribution of infrastructure costs , help to encourage more coherent conditions with regard to the alpine region as a whole . libro
hence my question to the commission if it is going to tackle this topic in the long-awaited white paper . libro
thirdly , a question to all of you : what are words on paper worth ? carta
i stated , although i did not give a firm commitment , that i intend to propose , as stated in the white paper on transport policy - which i hope you will soon be able to read , that for particularly sensitive areas such as the alps , measures must be taken to limit the potentially harmful effects for the environment . libro
mr president , this report and its failure to draw the appropriate conclusions reduce the fundamental right to privacy , so solemnly enshrined in our treaties and in the charter of fundamental rights , to a right which only exists on paper , or rather to a right which , tragically , is worth no more than the paper it is written on . carta
the commission shares parliament ' s concerns with regard to protecting the victims of terrorism and intends to present , in the course of the current presidency , a green paper on compensating victims of crime in general and of terrorist crime in particular within the european union . libro
italy and france are going to establish such limits - i recall a draft law i submitted to the chamber of deputies - together with the local communities , and communicate them to europe so that europe can modify the trans-european transport network and specify the changes in the commission ' s white paper , which will also cover vehicle transit through the alps . libro
we know that , whatever the safeguards on paper , these do not always apply in practice . carta
the belgian presidency will endeavour to bring the debate within the council on the commission ' s green paper on the reform of the common fisheries policy to a successful conclusion . libro
the receipt of e-mail is considerably less free of strings for the receiver than the receipt of paper leaflets and brochures . pliant
we therefore need , just as with paper leaflets , " no thank you " stickers . pliant
the commission ' s white paper on competition policy reform highlighted the difficulties . libro
finally - and fortunately - the commission has opted to yield to the evidence and promote the derogation of this regulation , replacing it with a more up-to-date regulation , in line with the views of the white paper on the modernisation of the community rules in the field of competition . libro
in the report produced on the white paper , this parliament had the opportunity to express its favourable opinion , although with some fine-tuning in certain cases . libro
today we are being presented with a legislative text which , to a large extent , responds to what had been anticipated in the white paper . libro
it is the case that in some respects the proposed regulation has surprised us with extremes which had not been laid out in the white paper . libro
we have observed the need for the commission to be given access to all papers if the commission is effectively to be able to make use of its powers and go after those cartels which do not comply with the laws . documenti
next i would like to thank the european parliament as a whole and all those who have spoken this evening for the support and encouragement parliament has given the commission during the debates on the white paper and ever since . libro
therefore , in the strongest possible terms , we are calling for an urgent revision of the policy , as we are at present doing with the white paper on chemical policy . libro
however , i consider it quite remarkable - and this is something that must be said very clearly in a parliament such as this - that those at the top of the commission have neglected to consult the european expert on good governance - namely the ombudsman - about the white paper on the subject . libro
we do not need white papers , we have an ombudsman who gets complaints from our fellow citizens every year . libri
all that is needed is willingness ; not repeated postponement and the commissioning of reforms and white papers and studies and who knows what else ; what we need is different administration . libri
i think this is a very good example of a situation in which , as mr prodi pointed out the other day , the fact that the ombudsman does not associate with the commission on a daily basis means that he is not mentioned at all in the white paper , as it would otherwise have been only natural for him to have been . libro
the white paper on good governance stands for much more than administrative reform . libro
hence the significance of the white paper . it puts all this in the context of the interplay between the european institutions . libro
consequently , administrative reform should not be confused with the white paper on good governance being drawn up by the commission under president prodi ' s guidance . libro
the resolution which we are voting on should not remain , like so many others , as a worthless piece of paper . morta
in issuing its communications about a community strategy concerning health and safety at work and the strengthening of the quality dimension in employment and social policy , as well as in publishing its green paper on corporate social responsibility , the commission is urged to take account of the problem of harassment in the workplace and to consider the need for legislation . libro
paragraph 24 of the report urges the commission to publish a green paper on the situation regarding harassment in the workplace and then to present an action programme . libro
the dignity of every individual should not be upheld solely on paper and in the basic law , but also in our social relations . carta
due to the difficulties in arriving at a precise definition , the commission will not find it easy to draft its proposed green paper . libro
i therefore welcome the rapporteur 's proposal to call on the commission to publish a green paper and to present a community action programme by next year . libro
on behalf of my group i also support the inclusion of these matters in the green paper discussions on corporate social responsibility . libro
ms diamantopoulou , we firmly expect the commission to submit a green paper next year on the issue of bullying at work so that we can develop an action programme which will have a sustained impact . libro
although the schengen convention has come into force in its entirety in several member states , there are still inequalities that affect persons who do not hold a european nationality or have the necessary papers , although certain persons or members of their family may have lived in europe for very many years . documenti
we therefore support the measures proposed in the report for combating this phenomenon , including those for preventing it , those for increasing knowledge about it , exchanges of positive experience and the publication of a green paper by no later than march 2002 , followed by an action programme of measures at community level against bullying at work . libro
the proposed directive on the table today , following on from our 1996 green paper , aims to develop a new noise policy to tackle noise which affects people , and not only noise from individual sources . libro
white paper on reform of european governance libro
the next item is the statement by the commission on the white paper on reform of european governance . libro
these questions of course provide the basis for the commission 's white paper of 25 july of this year , and we are delighted that the commission president , mr prodi , is here to discuss this issue with us for the second time today and has just offered us cooperation within an interinstitutional working party . libro
i think that a key point here is what the commission says at the beginning of the white paper : it should go back to concentrating on its core activities . libro
we have nothing against the reform of comitology proposed in the white paper , but it is not enough . libro
this emerges from many sentences and passages in the white paper , and we must reject this . libro
we are all painfully aware of this , and i am very pleased to find such a large measure of self-criticism in the commission ' s white paper . libro
the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party welcomes the white paper on reform of european governance . libro
there is little that is very specific in the white paper , however . libro
i hope that the commission , together with parliament , will also be active in making the white paper more widely known and not expect people just to find it accidentally on the internet . libro
thank you for this first part of the white paper . grazie
madam president , mr prodi , i am very pleased that we have another opportunity today to discuss the white paper together , because european governance is indeed a pivotal theme and i would like to make it very clear that i believe that the whole future viability of the european union depends to a large extent on this issue . libro
the white paper talks about a cumbersome system of almost 700 consultative bodies supporting the commission . libro
a second point in the white paper that i would like to mention is the ' culture of consultation and dialogue ' . libro
in my capacity of shadow rapporteur for the pse group for the white paper on reform of european governance in the committee on constitutional affairs , i would now like to explain our position from my point of view . libro
madam president , president prodi , at first sight the white paper might seem tied down to its essentially technical content . libro
the white paper is thus a valuable instrument , provided parliament shows the same willingness to specify those substantial organisational reforms that will enable it to reconstruct and revive european democratic citizenship . libro
the white paper says , as did commissioner prodi this morning , that the commission will consult regional and local government early in the policy-formation process and will seek to legislate so that local knowledge is effectively deployed in the implementation process . NULL
many of us had expected that the white paper would contain a far stronger statement , especially in relation to the so-called partner regions exercising their own constitutional powers of legislation . libro
i doubt it and nothing in the white paper has yet persuaded me that is true . libro
reading your paper , it struck me that in a sense the first stage of recovery in the building of europe is for the commission itself to recover its self-confidence and poise . documento
as regards your paper , the european parliament and the commission should be partners in the construction of europe , not rivals . libro
firstly , this paper is slightly more modest than its title suggests . documento
when you first titillated us with the prospect of presenting this white paper over a year ago , we were all very excited at the idea of having some great constitutional blueprint . libro
in fact , you have very wisely produced a paper on good administration rather than a blueprint on governance or constitutional government as a whole , and that pragmatic and focused approach has much to commend it . documento
my final point is one that you touch upon quite politely in the white paper . libro
what worries us is the second part of the white paper ; or to be more precise , the proposals to improve community regulations . libro
mr president , mr prodi , ladies and gentlemen , this debate on the commission 's white paper on european governance in some ways comes at a bad time , and in other ways at a good one . libro
your white paper is a contribution to that added value , mr prodi . libro
against this background , i particularly welcome those proposals in the commission 's white paper that aim for a systematic dialogue at regional and local level , at a more active role for the committee of the regions , and the proposal that from 2002 onwards there should be an annual report on the implementation of the amsterdam protocol on subsidiarity and proportionality . libro
mr president , mr prodi , the white paper calls on parliament to enhance its role in feeding the views of its electors into the political debate . libro
we do not want to go back to the pre-parliamentary democracy era and the white paper should not be associated with that idea . libro
i believe that the white paper is not clear enough about this . libro
i was disappointed in president prodi 's white paper . libro
mr president , i should like to thank mr prodi for having clarified in his speech certain points which , from a reading of the white paper , could have given rise to misunderstandings . libro
in other words , there is considerable sympathy in parliament for much of what the commission intends to achieve in its white paper but genuine concern about what might be the real effects of some of the proposals therein . libro
i believe part of the citizens ' anxieties derive from the complexity of our working procedures and the fact that they are hard to understand , problems that the white paper attempts to address - partially , at least - through enhancements to the democratic system and transparency and through greater efficiency and speed in decision-making , while fully respecting or rather increasing the prerogatives of parliament . libro
two other points have emerged here : these are points included in the white paper or connected with it although not actually included in it . they are participation by civil society and the problem of participation by the regions and autonomous local areas . libro
on the problem of consulting with civil society , if we read the white paper carefully there is no expropriation of parliamentary , democratically elected bodies . libro
both the gothenburg summit and the transport white paper adopted on 12 september have identified these failings and have demanded that the commission implement urgent measures to overcome them . libro
in the transport white paper , we committed ourselves to this review , which is the most urgent priority , being followed in 2004 by another which will include in more detail the projects of the new countries of the union . libro
now that the white paper and the review of the trans-european networks have been presented , i trust and hope , within the framework of codecision , that this parliament will make its contributions , the added value of which is evident . presentati
in any case , i find the commissioner 's approach in the white paper , concentrating on rail and waterways , very much worthy of support . libro
subject : law on the use of minority languages in slovakia from an official position paper of the foreign ministry of the slovak republic , sent to us by the slovak ambassador in brussels , we understand that the law of 1999 on the use of minority languages in slovakia gives minorities certain rights . pervenuta
however , when it transpires that in the same village 75 % of the population is hungarian and they can obtain official documents concerning births , marriages and deaths only in slovakian and the mayor of the village may not speak hungarian during public or official functions , then we must have serious doubts about the implementation of a language law which appears satisfactory on paper . carta
therefore , the white paper on the european transport policy with a view to 2010 , approved on 12 september , pays particular attention to the sensitive areas , especially the mountain regions , within the framework of the policy on charging and funding for infrastructures and the policy on the trans-european transport network . libro
the new commission white paper on common policy not only offers current estimates of the costs of road transport , but also treats as a priority the resolution of the transport problems in the alpine regions by means of a wide range of measures which i referred to earlier . libro
the key thing is to use energy well . that is where we have the greatest margins and we stated this in the green paper on the european union ' s energy supply . libro
besides some form of labour reform , we also need a complete administrative reform , which has already got off to a good start with the white paper on administrative models . libro
this week the commission published a welcome white paper on european governance , the thrust of which reflects the need for eu institutions to listen , rather than dictate . libro
we think it is completely unacceptable that parliament should take a view on a regulation proposed by the commission on the basis of the paper before us , which has been presented in a hurry and which coreper criticises for lack of cohesion and consistency . documento
we are currently drafting a country strategy paper , outlining the sectors . documento
i am delighted that this is the view adopted in the white paper on transport policy presented by the commission only a few months ago . libro
instead , the report quite correctly identifies as a potential model , the chilean deposit system , which introduces an incentive for investors to invest long-term in an emerging market rather than going for short term paper because that involves a longer-term investment for depositors . depositanti
there are papers to this effect in the council . documenti
this reform is vital : it must not just look good on paper , but should also be realistic and applicable over time . carta
the aid we offer through the development funds is reaching its limits , because it is geared towards supporting states that in some cases only exist on paper . carta
the commission has already addressed this point in its white paper and we and parliament expect to debate it with the council . libro
your report takes up many of the suggestions and comments that we at the commission have expressed in the past , and particularly in our recently published white paper on european governance . libro
the commission wanted to do this by adopting the white paper and proposing the administrative reform drawn up by my colleague , neil kinnock . libro
mr president , just as the commission and we in parliament change our methods of working , the former through its white paper , the council too must of course change its own methods of working , both in the light of enlargement and because , as many people point out , its present methods do not work so well at present . libro
i wish to ask you madam president-in-office of the council , whether you can support this position when you are assembling your papers for the forthcoming inter-governmental conference and , firstly , for the convention for which we are all striving ? documentazione
in addition , there are the tasks - not only on paper but also in practice and in the real world - of improving the conditions in turkish prisons , ceasing to keep prisoners in solitary confinement , guaranteeing the rights of minorities and ensuring democratic progress not only for minorities but , i would emphasise , for the whole of the turkish people . carta
our conclusions form part of the white paper on transport policy up until the year 2010 . libro
apart from creating new infrastructures to cope with the bulk of freight transit traffic in the region , the commission will be formulating minimum requirements for safety in tunnels , as announced in its white paper . libro
in the white paper , the commission also proposes a new scheme for transport infrastructure charges to take greater account of the external costs of the various transport operators . documento
the white paper that was mentioned and which the vice-president of the commission has presented , is a very positive and important step in the restructuring of transport policy . libro
i do not know if this will suffice , but i must say that the right approach is in the white paper , the alpine convention transport protocol and the swiss model . under the swiss model , it was decided to agree to hgvs if they pay a tax and to invest the revenue , together with other capital , in rail tunnels . libro
having heard the commissioner , i have come to the following conclusion : more disasters will have to happen in order finally to persuade the european commission to give up its policy of white papers , which no longer apply , and the associated illusion that technology can solve any problem , and make it realise that a 40-tonne lorry in a seven-metre-wide tunnel is a lethal weapon . libri
road tunnel accidents have been on the increase in recent months , and this makes it particularly urgent for safety measures not to be delayed any further with white papers and vague proposals . libri
that aside , like everyone else here i believe that , in the long term , we should quite simply be able to ban , once and for all , heavy goods vehicles in tunnels because they are , in fact , the most dangerous vehicles , but that assumes that alternatives exist , and the commission has , indeed , presented them in its white paper . libro
the fact is , too , that the very white paper that my colleague mrs de palacio has presented , is intended first of all to clarify those competencies and secondly also to see that traffic becomes even safer and also that the environmental effects of traffic are kept in check so that there is no further damage to the particularly sensitive areas of the european union . libro
essentially , this depends on how quickly our member states and the european parliament can agree on the contents of the white paper . libro
it will not be possible to actually implement these things until we are in a position to create a new , improved infrastructure costs directive and adopt the other parts of the white paper . libro
but i am very much in favour of an appropriately intensive debate on the new white paper so that definite decisions can be taken as soon as possible . libro
i regret that the commission has not made any reference to the question of safety in the white paper on the reform of the cfp . libro
lastly , i would like to point out to commissioner fischler that if there is one thing we were unanimous on during the hearing organised by the european commission to present the green paper , it was precisely the fact that community aid for the modernisation of the fleet should remain in force . libro
mr president , commissioner , we did not need the green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy to tell us about the serious problems facing fisheries in europe . libro
the green paper has merely made clear once again how serious they are . NULL
safety must remain a priority and i hope the commission will recognise this and also make up for its failure to include adequate provisions on safety in the green paper . libro
the rapporteur refers to the fact that , in the northern agreements , criticism has been made of the existence of ' paper fish ' or ' paper quotas ' and that also , in this case , payments should only be made in exchange for real fish . carta
and we must also remember that , in this particular case , we are not talking about ' paper fish ' because , as i have already stated , the fish really exist , unlike the cases of certain northern agreements , where the state of resources is so poor that real fishing opportunities are not available , and which , by the way , are much more expensive than the agreement with senegal . carta
our rapporteurs and committee chairmen can often get hold of the relevant papers . documenti
now , i have been in this house for a very long time , and so it is to the commissioner that i am speaking when i say this : on paper , or so it seems to me , we have produced variations on this theme for years , and we have been constantly demanding more . carta
i understand that the council may ask the commission to report to the community institutions and the public on the consultation process , together with any observations and recommendations if necessary in the form of a green or white paper , not later than 31 december 2002 . libro
i also wonder how it is that the commission is also choosing the form of the regulation , at the same time as bringing out the white paper on european governance . libro
according to this white paper , it wants to reinforce local autonomy , and here it is interfering . libro
this communication was to draw conclusions from the positions of parliament and of the council on the commission 's 1997 green paper . libro
when we consider the past weeks , we must observe that , whilst the european parliament was in 1999 still able to agree by a large majority on a position on the green paper , the present commission proposal , which is only intended to regulate market access to services in individual ports , has aroused a great deal of controversy in the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , as attested by the result of the vote on the report - 26 in favour , 21 against and 11 abstentions . libro
mr president , it is a real pity that the commission completely ignored parliament 's position on the 1997 green paper which stated : " no need for community legislation on organisational structure and market access for port services " . libro
they therefore require special attention and special instruments , which we will be proposing in the 2002 strategy paper . documento
your paper points out that work will be being done on implementation even after the treaty is signed . documento
could you consider encouraging the preparation of a green paper on the safety of reactors or nuclear installations , so that in future a relatively objective assessment of the subject may be guaranteed ? libro
the next item on the agenda is the report by mr chichester ( a5-0363 / 2001 ) on behalf of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy on the commission green paper ' towards a european strategy for the security of energy supply ' [ com ( 2000 ) 769 - c5-0145 / 2001 - 2001 / 2071 ( cos ) ] . libro
there are three main points in the green paper . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would firstly like to congratulate the commissioner and the rapporteur because the green paper on the security of energy supply is a wonderful document which is accompanied by a great report . libro
mr president , i like this report , and would like to congratulate the rapporteur on what he has said and , moreover , congratulate the commission on its green paper , for , by it , the commission is making us aware of our dependence on energy . libro
thirdly , and this is a fundamental point , at the beginning of your presentation of the green paper , you promised us a real democratic debate . libro
i fail to see how the commission can ensure that the green paper is followed up without organising these round tables . libro
within this good policy , the green paper provides a detailed and consistent analysis of the situation . libro
the green paper provides four fundamental messages : the message that there is excessive risk associated with dependence on external sources beyond a reasonable limit ; the message that it will be impossible to comply with the kyoto objectives if we remain bogged down in inertia and do not introduce corrective measures ; the message that we have little room for manoeuvre in terms of supply policies and we must concentrate our efforts on demand policies ; and the message that we need to provide our energy policy with a genuinely european dimension . NULL
this realisation is what underlies the green paper . libro
with this in mind , and as the green paper and our rapporteur suggest , in a realistic rather than an ideological way , we should address the issue of developing nuclear energy . libro
i am sorry that the green paper has not given this matter sufficient prominence . libro
it is encouraging to note from the responses to the green paper - more than 150 formal responses from different organisations of all types - the interest in issues relating to the security of energy supply throughout europe and beyond . libro
with regard to nuclear energy , i am very satisfied with the frank and constructive exchange of views which the presentation of the green paper has made possible . libro
with regard to transport and its effect on demand , the commission makes a very detailed analysis in the white paper , of which i have mentioned some important aspects when i spoke about the proposal on biofuels which was approved last week . libro
the debate on the green paper has highlighted , as never before , the delicate interrelationship between energy needs , environmental objectives and balanced economic development . libro
i promise that we will continue working on it when the conclusions closing the general debate on the green paper produced by the commission are finally presented . libro
the next item on the agenda is the report ( a5-0356 / 2001 ) by mrs schörling on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy on the commission white paper on strategy for a future chemicals policy [ com ( 2001 ) 88 - c5-0258 / 2001 - 2001 / 2118 ( cos ) ] . libro
the commission ' s white paper , produced by the environment and enterprise directorates-general , is trying to create a high degree of health and environmental protection , at the same time as maintaining the competitiveness of the european chemicals industry . libro
in common with the majority of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , i believe that the strategy should be focused on the protection of the environment and of human health and that the point of departure for the commission ' s white paper should be the debate in the council and the growing unease about the fact that current chemicals policy cannot offer adequate protection of the environment and of human health . libro
this fundamental line taken by the white paper strengthens sole responsibility for chemicals management in the industry and takes past experience with individual items of legislation as the basis for proposing a comprehensive reorientation . libro
the consequences of the white paper 's proposals for competitiveness , international trade , employment and medium-sized businesses had not previously been sufficiently examined , and further studies are still required . libro
however , i am struggling with the white paper and also with mrs schörling ' s report , because i believe that the white paper is not effective on a number of scores . libro
allow me to give you a few examples and in doing so , expose a few weaknesses in the white paper . libro
the commission ' s white paper is a good point of departure for continued work on the strategy . libro
this is about a white paper , and i believe we should not be trying to engage in muscle contests , which are in one way or another politically motivated , on the basis of this white paper . NULL
mr lange , i know we are talking about a white paper , but this white paper sketches a mere initial outline of our views , and when we in the ppe-de express our opinions , we like our subsequent actions to be consistent with them . libro
that is why we consider the commission ' s proposal and the white paper to be a good starting point , in that it gives us a procedure , a goal and targets to achieve . libro
mr president , first of all , i should like to welcome the white paper . libro
however , i fear this report goes too far too fast and so , in some respects , does the white paper . libro
i know it is only the white paper stage , but we need to look carefully at some of the potential costs , said to be some eur 8bn to european industry . libro
the aims of the white paper are right : we want to improve knowledge about chemicals and we want a safer world . libro
that is why support for the white paper is so important , but even more so , support for the improvements which are being proposed in the schörling report . sostegno
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i want to thank the european parliament for the report on the commission ' s white paper on a future chemicals policy . libro
the white paper presents the commission ' s proposal for a new chemicals strategy . libro
the modes of procedure presented in the white paper are well balanced , and i believe they involve a step forwards in the direction of sustainable development . libro
in order better to be able to assess the consequences of different ways of implementing the proposals in the white paper , we have set up an inquiry which will look more closely into the costs . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are dealing here not with a legislative procedure , nor with a white or green paper , but exclusively with the implementation of article 9 of the framework directive on water , which very precisely indicates how the costs of water services are to be covered . libro
it is one thing to issue a piece of legislation , because everything holds up on paper , and a completely different thing to put it into practice . carta
paper does not blush , however . carta
mr president , i would firstly like to congratulate and thank mr salafranca for his report , which is very comprehensive , well-written and apt , because it is only when the enlargement process has been completed on paper , that we realise that there are still two issues that have yet to be resolved : euro-mediterranean strategy and this matter of latin america . carta
i read papers by american analysts who say that they have not had time to complete various biological warfare programmes which are up and running . NULL
mr president , in 1990 , the commission issued a green paper on payments , and that marked the beginning of talks with banks about cross-border payments , among other things . libro
this paper chase , as old as adam , is costing both time and money . girotondo
it is used in line with the principles set out in the white paper on governance in areas where legislative action under the methode communataire , the community method , is not possible . libro
moreover , at the level of the european union , we would like to see the community ' s competition policy adopted and , far from preventing the restructuring of the sector , coming to the aid of that sector , and we should also like this medium-term restructuring policy to be compatible with the policies set out in the white paper on transport policy , in other words the development of a multi-mode transport policy which reflects , in the medium term , the real situation regarding costs for all sectors as a whole . libro
lastly , we hope that the forthcoming reflections on the white paper on transport will lead to resolute , incisive undertakings to support the transport and tourism sector ' s economy , helping the many workers and their families , in particular , who must not be allowed to suffer further misfortune . libro
mr president , i very much welcome the tabling of the commission 's green paper on a strategy for the security of energy supply . libro
given the major interactions of energy choices , however , it might be useful to do as the green paper does and opt for a longer-term approach and study this issue at european level . libro
the scope should be limited to those chemicals produced in volumes over one tonne , as set out in the white paper . libro
none of those parties is calling into question the aim of the commission 's white paper , which is to secure the sustainability of the chemical industry . libro
i am very pleased that the white paper will be followed up with a range of legislative proposals by the commission and i look forward with great interest to seeing them . libro
that is why we must do all we can to actually implement the proposals which the commission has already rightly made in its white paper . libro
the commission announced in the white paper referred to by almost all the members that it intends to propose european regulations setting out minimum safety standards for tunnels . libro
the absolute priority , in the medium term , is to provide rail links to alleviate freight transport with motorrail services as quickly as possible and this is one of the major priorities in the white paper . libro
the report ( a5-0399 / 2001 ) by mrs kaufmann , on the commission white paper on european governance ( com ( 2001 ) 428 - c5-0454 / 2001 - 2001 / 2181 ( cos ) ) ; libro
let me remind you of the single european act , of the first delors package , of maastricht with its second delors package and the report on economic and monetary union , of the white paper on the completion of the internal market , of the white paper on growth , competition and employment with its visions of the social dialogue and of a social chapter in the treaty , of the white papers on environmental policy and on the role of parliament and of all the great concepts produced by the commission , which went ahead of the intergovernmental libro
mr president of the commission , where is the commission 's white paper on european democracy ? libro
where is your white paper on a system of checks and balances in this supranational space , on the convention 's methodology and on fundamental citizens ' and human rights in europe ? libro
it takes up a very definite stance on numerous subjects addressed by the commission in its white paper , and , to use a phrase currently popular in germany , a good thing too ! libro
it is precisely for this reason , president prodi , that it is important to me that i thank you and your colleagues for your initiative in producing this white paper , above all for the commission 's willingness , expressed in the white paper , to unreservedly and even self-critically examine and change all the rules , procedures and ways the eu has of exercising its authority , in short , everything summed up in the word ' governance ' . libro
the white paper announces several initiatives , and when they are definitely on the table , we will express our opinion of them . libro
i would put under this heading the committees and working parties listed in commissioner kinnock 's white paper on reform of the commission , and which are participating in the consultation procedure . libro
parliament does indeed support the improved participation and consultation that the white paper calls for , but we take the view that this requires an interinstitutional agreement on democratic consultation , and i am pleased , president prodi , that you have mentioned this today and given it your clear support . libro
it is not , then , some concept that we are defending , but rather its content and political essence , so i want to make it very clear today that , to put it mildly , there has been great disquiet in parliament about the council ' s and the commission 's long-standing efforts to draft an action plan for better lawmaking , about the working parties that have already and secretly been drafting papers with the objective of putting this programme of action on the laeken agenda - all of which has been done without involving or even documenti
i am going to refer to the commission white paper , and also to the mysterious council document , the mandelkern report , to which reference has been made , but of which we have no knowledge . libro
the wording of the white paper , relating to the powers of enforcement , to self-regulation and coregulation procedures , and to the lisbon strategy , are all aimed at cutting back parliament ' s limited legislative powers . NULL
i thought that the commission was somewhat timid in what they said about that , but alas , parliament argues yet further timidity and talks down all the references in the white paper to regional involvement with the commission . libro
this is an important debate and i would like to compliment the commission on its publication of the white paper on european governance . libro
we are glad that the commission of the european union has given up developing what would have been , in effect , its own administrative structures right down through the regions , towns and local communities , as we read about , for example , in preliminary drafts of its white paper . libro
that is why i support the guidelines contained in the white paper and the kaufmann report . libro
through this white paper , we are offering parliament the opportunity to be in a better situation to exert its prerogatives , including better checking of the quality of the choice of legislative instruments , better monitoring of the quality of the use of expertise - is it pluralist ? - and the quality of the use of consultation - is it fair ? NULL
mrs schreyer , we are waiting impatiently for the green paper from the commission on this subject . libro
it would have been a good thing if we had already had this green paper together with the proposal for a directive . libro
a green paper is all the commission has planned for the remaining years of its term of office . libro
given the preparation of the commission green paper on the european public prosecutor , the run-up to the igc in 2004 and the fact that several committees of this house were not consulted , i would ask that this report be referred back to committee . libro
with regard to the white paper on european governance , i had no hesitation in voting in favour of the report by mrs kaufmann , since it usefully corrects some of the errors and inconsistencies of the commission ' s document . libro
- ( fr ) on 4 september , i had the opportunity in this house , in the presence of president prodi , to offer an initial reaction to the commission ' s white paper on european governance . libro
because the more one thinks about it , the less innocent this white paper appears . libro
the inconsistency lies in the principle which , according to the white paper ( title iv , page 37 ) , inspired the authors : " to integrate the peoples of europe through scrupulous respect for national identities " . libro
this is as contradictory as the ' federation of nation-states ' of jacques delors , of whom the principal author of the white paper is a close associate . libro
finally , as i said on 4 september , the white paper seems to believe that ' governance ' can function while disregarding representative democracy . libro
we certainly have a majority in this house and i should like to thank the rapporteurs and the shadow rapporteurs of the other political groups , particularly mr bowis , mrs paulsen and mr staes for the work they have done right through since the original white paper . libro
we have come quite a journey since the commission produced its first white paper . libro
however , the white paper mentioned by mr bowis that the commission brought forward outlines a raft of directives and regulations that need to be updated and modernised so as to make the food chain in europe safer . libro
the key element of this white paper is the setting up of the food authority , as we discussed today . libro
i also support the approach taken by commissioner byrne in guaranteeing that all interested parties are given due representation with regard to the implementation of the new directives and regulations under the white paper on food safety . libro
this is the background against which the debate on european governance is taking place , a debate that the commission helped to launch with its white paper . libro
it is crucial that the dialogue between our two institutions on the issues raised by the white paper and the ensuing action should continue , and the work programme for 2002 lays down the details of this . libro
the debate on europe and on the future has , however , spread well beyond the confines of the white paper and has taken on a more clearly constitutional tone . libro
mr prodi , in your white paper on european governance there is much talk about how europe could be better governed . libro
however , i also have to say that with this paper too , i kept asking myself why the commission was showing so little courage and vision in the run-up to such an important summit . documento
meps sit every day in committee meetings without the relevant and up-to-date papers from the secret legislative process . documenti
it is a good paper and its goals are good . documento
the council has rejected our amendments nos 2 and 3 , in which we sought to guarantee better annual information for the budgetary authority on the state of play with regard to the communities ' own resources in the form of a commission working paper and to establish a trialogue with the council and the commission in this domain . documento
green paper on the criminal protection of the community 's financial interests : a european prosecutor libro
the next item is the commission communication on the green paper on the criminal protection of the community 's financial interests : a european prosecutor . libro
by adopting this green paper just before the european council meeting in laeken , the commission has sent out a strong political signal . libro
for this reason , i immediately decided to draw up a green paper which would spell out the details of the proposal for a european public prosecutor as well as indicating how this public prosecutor could operate in practice . libro
these are precisely the questions that are now addressed in the green paper . libro
on these questions , the green paper advances various options for discussion . libro
which principles underlie the green paper ? libro
the green paper , then , is structured in strict accordance with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality while guaranteeing that a european public prosecutor will be able to operate efficiently and effectively . libro
i compiled the green paper in close cooperation with commissioner vitorino . libro
i expect the green paper to herald the start of a broad and objective discussion about the creation of a european public prosecutor with all interested parties , including , of course , practitioners , judges and prosecutors in the member states . libro
i take that as a title of honour and might perhaps apply the term to you yourself , as we have now of course achieved what we wanted at the beginning of the nineties - a green paper and consequent treaty amendment . libro
i can only reiterate that we are not now dealing with competing conceptions , but with a white paper in the drafting of which olaf played a part . libro
consultations have already taken place with the partners and with the other donors on the country and regional strategy papers covering 2002 to 2006 and on the more detailed national and regional indicative programmes for 2002 to 2004 . documenti
the bbc highlighted the apparent ease of bribing west african officials to buy genuine papers to enable children to be taken to europe . documenti
madam president , commissioners , i will avoid polite flowery phrases , for you cannot talk up the outcome of doha in such a way as to paper over the absence of any social component in world trade - at least from the point of view of the committee on employment and social affairs . abbellire
we all know that gunpowder and paper originated in asia and then travelled to europe . carta
this approach needs to be complemented by a white paper dealing with globalisation , looking at the european union 's position as a major actor in an area for which the union is directly responsible and perhaps bringing together a number of commissioners from different disciplines to look at a global strategy for the european union . libro
paradoxically , it was also the spectacle made by mr berlusconi ' s government that brought the debate on the european arrest warrant onto the front page of the papers . giornali
it is very important that we see this in the broad framework of recognising stable partnerships as he described it in the november 2000 discussion paper . documento
the parlous state of fish stocks and the economic recession tell us that a great deal still needs to be done , and we are addressing these problems in our debate on the green paper . libro
this serious issue needs to be investigated and therefore i challenge this house to support me in the call for a temporary committee of enquiry , the papers of which will be ready for the next strasbourg session . atti
the printing works of the few still more or less independent papers are smashed up . giornali
the shocking dutch newspaper headline of less than a week ago ' zimbabwe stinks of blood lust ' sadly completely sums up the content of the article by the paper ' s correspondent in harare . harare
the accompanying vulgar cartoon from the zimbabwean state paper the herald underlines this ominous message . giornale
the resolution we are voting for today and the fraisse amendment must not remain lifeless words on paper , but must be given practical effect . carta
on behalf our group we should like to ask the commission to address itself to its paper on conflict prevention together with the lagendijk report that we have approved only today . documento
so , when the council at laeken welcomes the commission 's white paper on european governance and the so-called mandelkern report and expects an action plan on the subject from the commission in the first half of 2002 , i hope that , when doing so , the council has in mind the intention of strengthening parliament 's role . libro
mr president , on behalf of the group of the european socialist party , i formally request that the vote take place in accordance with the rules of procedure , which states that we should vote by means of secret ballot papers . segreto
secondly , i should like to say to our colleagues in the ppe-de group that with all due respect , we could have used ballot papers in the same time as we have taken now . schede
mr president , tomorrow this parliament will approve the resolution on the commission ' s green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy , which draws up its future . libro
these considerations are the basis both for the amendment which makes it possible to award contracts for the design and execution of works either separately or together but requires justification to be produced where mixed contracts are awarded , and for the amendment which clearly defines what is meant by preliminary project paper , final project paper and executive project paper . esecutiva
those , at any rate , are the challenges parliament itself enumerated in its debates on the green paper and the communication from the commission in 1996 and 1998 . libro
as rapporteur for the white paper , i can assure you that these amendments are sound and that they strengthen the sixth environment action programme . libro
the next item is the report ( a5-0419 / 2001 ) by mrs garcía-orcoyen tormo on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy on the commission green paper on integrated product policy [ com ( 2001 ) 68 - c5-0259 / 2001 - 2001 / 2117 ( cos ) ] libro
the green paper on an integrated product policy should , in my opinion , be the framework for the formulation of a series of guidelines and proposals that will enable both producers and consumers to make full use of the instruments and opportunities offered by the market to be able to make it function in a way that is better adapted to the practice of sustainable development . NULL
the commission , aware of this problem , has presented this green paper on integrated product policy , with varying degrees of wisdom and balance . libro
the proposal contains a series of suggestions that would facilitate the implementation of different policies and market instruments that go further than those that focus exclusively on the environment and that , i think , will make it easier for a future white paper to be more detailed and better developed . libro
i have accepted them and i have only rejected those that i feel do not fit into the framework or context of a green paper . libro
mr president , while there are certainly elements worthy of praise in the green paper , overall we are left with the impression of a lost political opportunity . libro
the green paper also focuses almost exclusively on products rather than services and therefore misses another whole raft of potential opportunities to green an increasingly large area of our economies . libro
perhaps one of the major shortcomings of the paper is its insufficient awareness of the broader international trade context , under which , unfortunately , some of its proposals would have questionable legality . libro
similarly , with respect to public procurement , greening public procurement is vitally important but there are currently obstacles in achieving that which should have been acknowledged more explicitly in the paper , along with strategies to address the problem . libro
the green paper is about answering this question from an ecological point of view . del
mr president , i must not be especially critical , but try to look ahead to a future white paper rather than discuss the rather odd draft green paper . libro
mr president , i would like to thank parliament for its resolution on the commission 's green paper and just remind you that it is a green paper , the start of the debate on integrated product policy . libro
in 1999 the informal environment council asked the commission to come forward with a green paper on the issue . libro
i therefore delivered this paper to start the debate on what form the european ipp should take . documento
the green paper suggested a strategy and tools for making a european ipp a reality . libro
the green paper sought to canvas the views of stakeholders on the way forward . libro
your resolution concludes this stakeholder consultation process and will enable us to develop the white paper . libro
from your resolution and the comments from stakeholders it is clear that the white paper needs to start with concrete environmental problems . libro
if we take environmental problems rather than instruments as our point of departure , we can better convey the idea that ipp is more than just a collection of tools , something that we perhaps did not do sufficiently in the green paper . libro
it is my intention to ask the commission to adopt this paper during the second quarter of this year . documento
this is precisely what is announced in the transport white paper ; merci , madame palacio vallelersundi . libro
i very much welcome the promotion of poverty eradication as one of the core aims of the new partnership agreement , but we must ensure that this is also reflected in the commission 's programming through its country strategy papers . documenti
i regret to say that the strategy papers reviewed so far show the transport sector receiving 35 % and macroeconomic support 25 % of all programmable resources . documenti
the next item is the report ( a5-0470 / 2001 ) by mrs miguélez ramos , on behalf of the committee on fisheries , on the commission white paper on the future of the common fisheries policy [ com ( 2001 ) 135 - c5-0261 / 2001 - 2001 / 2115 ( cos ) ] libro
we are concerned about the existing contradiction between the highly critical analysis carried out by the commission of the current cfp , which is shared by the european parliament , and the subsequent proposals for reform , presented in the green paper , which are hardly innovative . libro
the green paper opts for little change , or ' more of the same ' , which pleases nobody . libro
as for the social aspects , they were completely absent from the green paper . libro
all of us who live in coastal regions know that biological rest periods , prohibited areas , dimensions of nets , tacs , etc. do not improve the situation and that the proposal made in the green paper does not go any way towards improving it . libro
the debate and discussions generated by the green paper will be incorporated into the commission 's white paper for consideration by the council this year . libro
proposals and recommendations in response to the green paper on fisheries policy were produced by the irish national strategy review group on the common fisheries policy , which was set up by the marine minister and included stakeholders . strategia
mr president , in my country secret cabinet papers are released 30 years after the discussions to which they refer took place . documenti
as a result , over the last two years , previously secret papers on the negotiations leading up to britain 's entry to the then common market have been released and we have been able to see documents relating to the establishment of the common fisheries policy . documenti
to this green paper and the report by mrs miguélez ramos , therefore , i and my party can respond that the cfp was built on lies and that technically it is a shambles . NULL
in comparison to the green paper , we still have a fair way to go and a great deal of effort must be made . libro
mr president , this green paper comes at a time when the eu is confronted with dwindling stocks , over-capacity and ineffective and over-centralised management . libro
mr president , it is my view that parliament should reject the green paper . libro
in the green paper , the commission in fact refuses to consider fisheries as a normal economic sector , crucial to the economy of various maritime countries , such as galicia , which i represent , and as a sector which must carry out its activities within the norms laid down in the treaties , respecting , above all , the principles of sustainable development . libro
the commission green paper on the common fisheries policy paints a very gloomy picture and i regret that it contains no reference whatsoever to fishing in the territorial waters of extremely remote regions of the european union . libro
the present report discusses the integration of the environment into the common fisheries policy , and a part of the green paper also refers to the preservation of the environment in the marine sector . libro
report ( a5-0419 / 2001 ) by garcía-orcoyen tormo , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the commission green paper on integrated product policy ( com ( 2001 ) 68 - c5-0259 / 2001 - 2001 / 2117 ( cos ) ) libro
report ( a5-0470 / 2001 ) by miguélez ramos , on behalf of the committee on fisheries , on the commission green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy ( com ( 2001 ) 135 - c5-0261 / 2001 - 2001 / 2115 ( cos ) ) libro
furthermore , there is , at a point when the commission is making statements of intent regarding good governance in the green paper , a complete lack of consultation with the profession . libro
my group believes that we need a comprehensive approach to this , and we are very much looking forward to the commission white paper on this subject . libro
the proposal , therefore , lays down the conditions that enable third-country nationals to move around freely whether or not they are subject to visa requirements , whether they have residency papers or have a long-term visa , whilst they are waiting for residency papers to be issued . residenza
for otherwise , the proposal for these crisis papers will simply remain a hollow exercise . documenti
detailed and flexible disaster plans must form part of the country strategy papers . dettagliati
secondly , it is glaringly clear that if the level of control exposed by this case continues , important texts like this one will be worth less than the paper they are printed on . carta
from this perspective , the discussion that we are holding today is of major importance when you take a look at the timetable before us : the convention and the igc , the commission ' s white paper on governance , the essential reform of article 202 of the treaty and the redrafting of the interinstitutional agreement on comitology , which patently does not take account of the evolving powers and role of the european parliament as a legislator , in particular , in the economic and monetary union . libro
article 202 is clear : the comitology procedure arrived at in june 1999 is also clear and , as much as the commission sees the point of view of parliament and has said so in its own white paper on governance , it is at present unable to grant parliament 's wishes . libro
the commission 's view as laid down in the white paper on governance is that article 202 ought to be changed . libro
in my capacity as chairman of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , i wish to express my thanks to mr bolkestein for the fact that our negotiations on governance , laborious and difficult though they were , nonetheless succeeded in getting this formulation incorporated into the white paper as a commission proposal . libro
this is a very important stage in the new european union 's coming into being , and i think we have managed to specify what paper and pencils are to be used , where the entrances will be , which architects to appoint and what they can do and when they can do it on the road towards standardised financial services . carta
it has laid that down in black and white in the white paper on comitology . libro
there have been a number of proposals to improve the situation , both in a white paper on governance in the european union and in the laeken communication on improving and simplifying the regulatory environment . libro
third , we want to make available to parliament all approved country strategy papers , including multiannual programmes and associated financial envelopes . documenti
it is important that we do not simply talk about the process in terms of information being available - important as that is , and agreed as we are on that issue - but that the commissioner actually tells us , as those country strategy papers are passed , as the quality support group evaluates new programmes , as delegations ( and he did not answer the point about the role of delegations in this ) take their decisions , as new staff are recruited , how will he ensure that real resources are allocated in greater number to basic documenti
the delegations will play a key role in drawing up the country strategy papers , which will have to reflect the priorities of our development philosophy and development strategy . documenti
i would also propose that , to speed up the flow of information , electronic communication should be made the rule , and traditional correspondence on paper the exception . cartacea
however , we must remember , if regulations are drawn up , that it is important to impose penalties on member states which fail to implement eu legislation on feed and foodstuffs , otherwise regulations are not worth the paper they are written on . carta
such is the most significant statement in the white paper on food safety . libro
this is well understood by the commission and hence the white paper on food safety , the european food authority and all the legislation on food safety and animal feed that we are revising in this legislative period . libro
spain ' s emissions have increased by 23 % , although the possibility that at the next council of ministers , according to today ' s papers , the spanish government will decide to ratify the kyoto protocol is to be welcomed and is good news . stampa
a great deal can be done within the current rules of procedure , provided that the will is there , the will to debate rather than read out little monologues prepared on paper , the will to be present and to enter into dialogue with each other . monologhi
traffic safety is rightly one of the core themes of the white paper . libro
it is with this in mind that i call on the commission to submit to parliament and the council a green paper on illiteracy , together with a timetable for achieving tangible objectives along the lines of the social agenda , precisely defining the measures to be taken at european level . libro
as for amendment no 3 , even though i am not against it in principle - the amendment requesting a green paper on illiteracy and mathematical illiteracy - i call for a vote against it because i think that , in the wording " green paper on illiteracy " , the problem of mathematical illiteracy is obviously included . libro
it is therefore urgent to carry out programmes and actions by means of the green paper which the rapporteur is requesting , so that these sections of the population , which are increasing with the immigration of recent years , are offered a solution to this fundamental problem , so that they can access other systems of personal welfare . libro
in view of this , i support the report and am of the opinion that there is a need to address these documents that have been mentioned several times today in the context of the green paper and that the amendment on the monitoring centre tabled by mr pronk and mrs stauner should be adopted . libro
as far as the green paper is concerned , i must express a certain reticence , mainly because numerous new policy initiatives have been started , important matters are in the pipeline in various councils and we are now in a position to take action on illiteracy ; it would perhaps mean additional delays if we were to proceed with the green paper , given that we now have most of the information we need from work carried out in previous years . NULL
even in the field of social inclusion , and despite the miles of paper that have already been used up on the subject and despite national inclusion plans and countless declarations of intent , there are still serious problems which could grow worse as a result of the slowdown in economic activity and the insistence on privatisations in fundamental sectors and in public services that are essential to a genuine policy of social inclusion , in addition to the fact that financial resources are still very thin on the ground . inchiostro
this is damaging rail transport and runs counter to the commission 's collective view of the role of rail transport , as set out in the white paper presented in september 2001 . libro
the discussion on the white paper on transport policy is in full swing . libro
i should like to ask the president of the commission how those in the commission intend to proceed with the work in the white paper , sent out in march of last year , on better forms of governance . libro
there is also now a paper by the british prime minister and german chancellor , and mr aznar , the president of the council , has no doubt followed it sympathetically . documento
mr president , it has been no easy task to formulate parliament ' s discussion paper for the forthcoming summit . proposta
we are also aware that there are conservative forces which protect workers on paper but do not afford them any protection at all in practice . carta
it is absolutely vital that all the acceding states apply these rules rigorously : any deviation or indulgence would be counterproductive and would mean that they would subsequently be unable to endorse positions adopted towards other states which appear weaker on paper . carta
i think that the challenges in the environmental sphere have not been dealt with fully enough either in the spanish presidency ' s work programme or in the commission ' s discussion paper for the summit . incompleto
the sunday papers are full of articles swearing allegiance to culture , but nothing ever comes of it . riportano
we are getting encouraging indications from the process of consultation on the white paper and i hope that the youth programme 's new impetus for europe 's young people will give us the core of this new youth policy . libro
madam president , i would firstly like to congratulate mrs gröner on her excellent work , and also the commission and , in particular , the commissioner , for the initiative of this white paper , which i think in itself is a great success . libro
however , the time has come for us to make a real effort to ensure it is applied in all member states , given that to not implement it would mean that we would not be able to profit from all the money we have invested in the preparation of this white paper , which would be truly regrettable . libro
in recent years - one might almost say decades , when i think back to when the commission presented the first green paper on the further development of postal services - we have in fact managed , step by step , to open up the european union 's markets in postal services . libro
i am proud that someone from my group , rik daems , thanks to his negotiating skills , managed to get this common position on paper at the time , which was certainly not an easy task . bianco
if the public get the impression that the data protection supervisor is nothing more than a paper tiger , they will not trust the european union . carta
if we want these provisions to be capable of being complied with - as we all do - then we need a green paper and a plan of action in good time , so that our small and medium-sized enterprises will again be able to pay their wages in 2005 . libro
in the event of basle ii entering into force without our having either a green paper or an action plan , then , in 2005 , when it enters into force , there will be mass lay-offs and mass bankruptcies . libro
because the 2003 fisheries budget will be based on this year 's green paper and because the discussion about future fisheries policy will be concluded this year . libro
it is very likely that the green paper will be a painful document , considering the situation of cod fishing in scotland and the far-reaching implications of that . NULL
this is also in anticipation of the discussion on the green paper and the implementation of existing programmes . libro
on that basis , it is important for the commission to take elements of this kind into consideration , to link the 2003 budget to the green paper and particularly to make political choices in that area , also with regard to the budget . libro
incidentally , i should like to recall that at the end of the eighties , when the commission published its white paper on the internal market , energy was not even mentioned , which shows that we are dealing with an extremely complicated matter here . libro
however , in the current circumstances , this is the best we can commit to paper , in my view . potesse
allow me to conclude by at least inviting the environment commissioner , mrs wallström , to come and exchange ideas with the fisheries committee on these specific points , so as to ascertain to what extent she can make a contribution to the green paper on fishery , also in terms of biodiversity . libro
the action plan for fisheries addresses threats from both traditional fisheries and aquaculture , and it complies entirely with the green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy . libro
that is how i interpret mr solana 's discussion paper for the summit . proposta
very briefly , the question which i had on the order paper today has been dealt with by mr de miguel in an extremely courteous , helpful and kind letter to me , which i received this afternoon . n
we are of course still a very long way from that , if we look at this really excellent paper and the very pragmatic but at the same time very accurate paper by the commission . relazione
given the financial clout of this industry , with turnover in excess of eur 10 billion , and its vital contribution to the food supply in the eu , i am surprised - with all due respect , mr fischler - that the green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy pays such scant attention to this sector , especially when the statistics are as follows . libro
all this clearly illustrates that the few sentences on the fish processing industry in the green paper are far too little and fail to take proper account of this sector , which is why i proposed this own initiative report , to draw attention to this neglected sector and , more importantly , to test out the room for political manoeuvre here in the run up to the reform of the common fisheries policy . libro
the green paper is a clear example of this . libro
the commission failed to fulfil that objective by not meeting the deadline set and by using as an excuse for this omission the need for a more detailed analysis using external consultants , against the backdrop of the global revision of the common fisheries policy on the basis of the green paper , which has already been opened to public debate . libro
- ( nl ) candidate countries are keen to call attention to the way in which the city of brussels treats its urban effluent and thereby conclude that environmental rules only apply on paper and not in practice . carta
in the white paper , however , instead of ' reduce ' it says ' eliminate ' , which is certainly better . libro
mountains of paper are generated , private and not so private discussions are held , and all in all a great many good intentions are announced , as is the desire to play a major economic and increasingly political role on the world stage in the general interest . carta
only today we had a hearing on the white paper devoted to transport . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , once again we have a paper from the commission on the table , on which i merely wish to say that i am astonished time and again by the consummate skill with which commission officials can fill twenty-eight pages without saying anything of real substance . documento
may i say , commissioner de palacio , that these remarks naturally do not apply to the chapters for which you are responsible but to other chapters in this and other papers . documenti
may i ask the commission , and especially the commissioners with the relevant portfolios , to forge ahead with these efforts and to present a green paper or white paper as soon as possible to give us a firm idea of the direction in which we are heading . libro
mr president , painstaking efforts are needed to find any reference at all to the political domain of agriculture and rural development in this 28-page commission strategy paper for 2003 . documento
you yourselves refer on page 14 of your crazy paper to a decisive phase in these negotiations . documento
i therefore see the green paper on the creation of a european public prosecutor as showing the way ahead . libro
undoubtedly , i would like to say to parliament - i did not do so before - that the torrejón satellite centre , which has been incorporated into the context of the western european union , already has this status , and the institute of security studies in paris should also have it , and that , in fact , it is currently carrying out a study - promoted firstly by the belgian presidency and now by the spanish presidency - on the european defence white paper . libro
this white paper may be of great interest , since so far i believe we all agree on the same goal , but we have a different vision in relation to our understanding of what the objective of the european security and defence policy should be . NULL
it might be imagined that this information had been taken from a paper written by fundamentalist environmental organisations , but that is not the case . articolo
one of the signatories of the paper is the director-general of the swedish emergency services authority , comprised of experts on , for example , fire protection , and that authority too is prepared to say that flame retardants have had their day . articolo
the council did not deal with that issue yesterday , so i contacted the office again today to have this question restored to the order paper . ripresentare
the eu does not have the same basic objective as nato , and i am therefore , for example , opposed to drawing up a white paper on security in cooperation with nato . libro
the eu does not have the same basic objective as nato , and i am therefore , for example , opposed to drawing up a white paper on security in cooperation with nato . libro
i protested about this earlier today and mr cox , the president of parliament , has written to mr pique i camps requesting that my question and nine others be restored to the order paper . giorno
and we intend to launch a very broad consultation procedure on this aspect of a global immigration policy very soon on the basis of the green paper on the policy to repatriate illegal residents which the commission adopted yesterday . libro
even in our own countries within the european union , how many children fail to receive the care to which they are entitled or an environment in which they can flourish , quite simply because their parents are poor , socially excluded or immigrants with no papers ? soggiorno
the barcelona process , the very approach and existence of which is of irreplaceable value , requires new political impetus , a kind of navigation chart which is able to take the barcelona objectives from paper to reality . carta
it is not enough to condemn palestinian terrorism while doing nothing more than deliver declarations on paper . iscritto
what is astonishing about this report is not so much that it pays lip-service to many familiar things , but that there was , in our industry committee , which is a rather conservative set-up and not very familiar with these topics , unanimous support for establishing social standards , and for a green paper that would trenchantly call for social responsibility on the part of enterprises , even though the person to whom today 's ' no ' was directed is also a member of this committee . libro
finally , i support the approach geared towards humanitarian aid based on human rights , because of the importance it can have in terms of conflict prevention , and i believe that country strategy papers should propose specific measures for the promotion of human rights , which should be treated as a priority . documenti
for this reason i would make a particular request to the commission that , in the context of political dialogue and the discussion of the country strategy papers , universal access to education should be considered as a priority issue , because education is indispensable for the development of populations , and without development it will be very difficult for us to talk about full respect for human rights . documenti
commissioner schreyer , please take note of how those very people who are responsible here for development cooperation are profoundly disappointed that what we have described in many papers - and on which there is , as is well known , a programme - stands not the remotest chance of being implemented in a truly satisfactory way . documenti
in item 13 , you call for gender analysis of the country strategy papers and of future poverty reduction strategies . documenti
i am able to inform you that a large number of country strategy papers have already been examined from this angle , and that the results of this will find their way into the programming cycle and into improved manuals and training documents for staff . documenti
the commission should better assess the impact of so-called exploited capacity by certain member states who , at least on paper , claim to have met their megp target . carta
i would also like to comment on the impending green paper and the preparations that are being made in this connection . libro
we had expected the green paper to have been presented last week or , at least , the commission to have taken a decision this week . libro
then , a green paper was published in 1997 . libro
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0126 / 2002 ) by mrs gröner , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on the commission white paper on a new impetus for european youth ( com ( 2001 ) 681 - c5-0110 / 2002 - 2002 / 2050 ( cos ) ) . libro
european youth organisations , especially the european youth forum , made a substantial contribution to the gestation of the white paper , in which we now call on all actors , ranging from researchers to municipalities by way of the national representatives , to develop new forms of participation which should also be for young people outside youth organisations . libro
the white paper on youth policy can only be a first step , a first and important step set in motion by the commission in order to establish contact with many young people and with actors . NULL
we need a green light for the white paper . libro
the family , too , is a focal point in life as it is really lived by europe 's young people , something of which the white paper and the report take insufficient account . libro
i see the white paper , taken as a whole , as having a good approach and as giving europe 's future youth policy some impetus , but we must take dialogue with the younger generation further and invest a great deal of commitment in pushing for what results from it to be implemented . NULL
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like , very briefly , to discuss the process by which the white paper came into being and to enumerate a number of facts that illustrate why a white paper on youth policy is absolutely necessary . libro
the new white paper on youth policy is meant to point the way towards a new kind of european cooperation in the youth sphere . libro
it is indeed the case that the white paper is as yet far from ideal , but it does need to be implemented as a matter of urgency in order to increase young people 's involvement in the integration of europe and in shaping our future . libro
the white paper is a logical step for a forward-looking youth policy . libro
even if the white paper is not yet perfect , it is , as i have said , a step in the right direction . libro
i find it particularly regrettable that the commission white paper devotes too little space to the gender angle , an aspect that i believe cannot be excluded from consideration . libro
i am glad that the fight against racism is given an important place in the white paper . libro
the white paper really does give all us politicians , at both european and national level , the opportunity to take stock of our responsibility in the light of this objective . libro
there will be meetings which will have a large audience and meetings which attract less attention , but i still feel that the internet represents a very inexpensive opportunity to retrieve the fundamental democratic principle of publicising meetings , which , as we know , are only public in theory , on paper . carta
i also feel it is important and urgent that consideration be given to the recommendations of the green paper on corporate social responsibility , in cases of mergers and restructuring , so as to use benchmarking and other procedures to encourage the practice of informing and consulting workers and in order to find solutions based on employability and continuous education as alternatives to structural unemployment . libro
yet the commission and the european parliament have been working relentlessly for years , firstly with a ' communication ' , then a ' white paper ' , at an ' informal meeting ' , then an ' own-initiative report ' , to take over this responsibility . libro
it is only out of solidarity with the inhabitants of economically weak regions that i am not voting against these proposals , but i am of the view that we do not solve anything by adopting such paper proposals . carta
lastly , we also regret the absence in the appropriate chapter of the white paper of an explicit reference to the numerous community programmes - from the structural funds to programmes such as urban , equal or even meda - which have for a long time been pivotal instruments of community policies and in which we must increasingly promote a sufficient number of projects that will benefit young people . libro
as you will be aware , the commission has recently presented the green paper on a community policy of returning illegal residents and the communication on " guidelines for the integrated management of external borders " , and we will try to ensure that it is studied by the competent bodies of the council . libro
as for the green paper , i believe it is adequate and that we should make progress on european repatriation policies . libro
but how can we fail to be in favour of the green paper proposed by the commission ? libro
with regard to your second question , i would like to reiterate what i have said and assure you that i am certainly not willing to be persuaded by anyone to go beyond the framework of the discussions on the green paper and to discuss the commission 's proposals . libro
that is all the more reason for welcoming the radical new concept proposed by the commission in its white paper , which on closer inspection turns out to be not so much a new safety concept as a new legislative concept . libro
mr president , i think it would be unfair not to praise the work carried out by the commission to comply with the objective of the white paper to simplify and clarify legislation , eliminating all of the disadvantages of legislation which is spread out over seventeen directives . libro
the two proposals take up some of the commitments given in the white paper on food safety . libro
this is an example of the implementation of the farm-to-fork approach highlighted in the white paper on food safety . libro
in view of the importance of the topic of noise , which affects one third of european citizens in a very negative way , i will not make an issue of this , but i hope that the commission , as we have agreed , will in fact be presenting a kind of green paper in eighteen months ' time about the direction to take regarding these daughter directives . libro
as the commission has already had occasion to emphasise in the white paper on governance , each of our institutions must , of course , concentrate on its essential tasks . libro
i do not have time now to elaborate a full list of these areas , although i have done so in a paper published by the sos democracy intergroup . documento
for the country strategy papers , consultation with un bodies present in the country is now obligatory . documenti
the commission has included in its country strategy paper for indonesia , which is now in the final stages of preparation , a particular emphasis on institutional capacity building , good governance and the rule of law , as well as conflict prevention . documento
in its resolution on the green paper , parliament asked for a policy that would strike a balance between the needs of environmental sustainability and of fisheries as a socio-economic sector . libro
by recognising our lack of knowledge regarding fish stocks , which was in fact admitted in the commission 's green paper , this voluntary plan must provide for considerable development of independent research at the commission and close cooperation between professionals and scientists . libro
the already widely available documents are , as you know , the political declaration , the common value and positions paper and the assessment report on our progress since rio . documento
the commission 's proposal is based on the discussions in the green paper on a european strategy for energy security and supply , and it is true that it is not a question here of whether or not we are under threat . libro
it is unfortunate that in the framework of the tens , the commission is opting for the same approach as the white paper : lots of trains , not much water . libro
naturally we are pleased that the new guidelines being proposed to us for the tens are moving towards and are in line with the policy of sustainable mobility which was proposed to us in the white paper . libro
among the plans agreed at the essen european council , which were included in the white paper , there is one , perhaps the most ambitious and most expensive , which is the plan for the interoperability of the iberian high-speed rail network , which may take up half of the budget . libro
we welcome the harmony this first revision establishes with the white paper guidelines , in an attempt to achieve vital consistency with strategic objectives and intervention priorities . libro
more than half of the amendments suggested by the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism are very good proposals which improve the commission 's proposal and reinforce the priorities set out in the white paper , whether aimed at promoting short-distance sea transport , inland waterway transport or integrating those systems with rail transport . libro
the next item is a report ( a5-0159 / 2002 ) by mr howitt , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the commission green paper on promoting a european framework for corporate social responsibility [ com ( 2002 ) 366 - c5-0161 / 2002 - 2002 / 2069 ( cos ) ] . libro
madam president , the green paper presents companies and society as a whole with a real challenge , aiming as it does to inform all our efforts to improve our economic performance , update our social model and promote european values of social solidarity and responsibility . libro
the purpose of the green paper is to clarify - and we agree here - that the correlation between economic activity and success must promote social responsibility which , in turn , will contribute to the ongoing success of the company and help revive the economy and society . libro
madam president , i would first of all like to welcome the commission and thank them for putting forward this green paper , which has an enormous responsibility , not only for the present but also for the future . libro
in the green paper , the commission mentions what is usually understood by social responsibility . libro
as it says in the green paper , although the main responsibility of the company is to generate profits , it can also contribute at the same time to achieving social and environmental objectives , and that should not be seen solely as an obligation or responsibility for particular types of companies or companies that operate in particular sectors . libro
the green paper on security of energy supply has taken these facts into consideration . libro
the european commission 's green paper wishes to confine itself to voluntary agreements and a comparison of good practice . libro
we endorse the white paper , the resulting consultation process and the enormous response it was given , and the relevant debate promoted by numerous commission initiatives . libro
we would also like to touch on the subject of the green paper on consumer protection . libro
instead of a vigorous debate in the chamber , with quick responses and opposition , we have a series of long monologues in which we read out our papers written in advance , as i am doing today . leggiamo
furthermore , the commission has proposed new measures on these new substances in its white paper on the new chemicals policy and we are now working on concrete proposals with my colleague , mrs wallström . libro
the next item is the commission communication on the green paper on consumer protection and contamination of food by nitrofen . libro
the council has called on the commission to follow up the green paper as a matter of priority . libro
the basic structure of a framework directive outlined in the green paper was broadly accepted . libro
the encouraging response to the green paper , however , gives confidence that we can achieve it . libro
the consultation showed clear support for the ideas in the green paper on enforcement cooperation . libro
i therefore look forward to the european parliament 's opinion on both the green paper and the follow-up communication . libro
mr president , commissioner , i do not normally praise the commission but , on this occasion , i wish to do so both in view of the green paper , or the follow-up to the green paper to which you refer , and also in view of the fact that we are soon to have the opportunity to cooperate within the ' enforcement sector ' in the matter of consumer protection . libro
i also regret that parliament has still not been able to come up with a response to the green paper , but that has quite a lot to do with shortcomings in the way in which parliament is structured when it comes to dealing with consumer issues . libro
mr president , i shall also focus my remarks on the green paper communication . libro
commissioner byrne stated that the european parliament had not yet expressed an opinion on the green paper on consumer protection , but that he did not see this as a particular problem and that , moreover , the commission had enough of a political mandate - if i understood correctly - to determine the broad outlines of future consumer policy . libro
consultation is best carried out if it is based on a paper that analyses the problem at hand , and that is precisely what the commission is doing . documento
as regards the impact assessment , commissioner , will you now have it worked out in the planned green paper on entrepreneurship , what european legislation has contributed to it and what can be done so that there are fewer bankruptcies in future ? libro
i agree that it is important to have fewer bankruptcies , but this paper on entrepreneurship is intended to be a more basic analysis of the entrepreneurship dilemma in europe : why are entrepreneurs so respected and appreciated and yet so few people want to become entrepreneurs ? documento
mr president , the white paper on european transport policy lays down that , unless new and wide-ranging initiatives are adopted , by 2010 traffic from heavy goods vehicles will increase by between 40 % and 50 % in comparison to its 1998 levels . libro
in the aim of dealing with the bottlenecks caused by this situation , the white paper puts forward a policy designed to ensure a return to balance between the various forms of transport . libro
this was the idea behind the white paper on european governance : to exploit all the opportunities available in the present legal framework in order to improve the legislative and decision-making process . libro
the enormous participation in the debate on the white paper and your own contributions - especially the report by mrs kaufmann - show that this was the right strategy . libro
it is important that we strike a balance between the european union 's tradition of welcome and hospitality - bearing in mind our values , as expressed in the fitting phrase ' immigrants might not have papers , but they shall have dignity ? - and its actual possibilities , which are not unlimited . documenti
i believe that this should be possible for a country under the rule of law , and if my reading of the verheugen-zeman paper is correct , i see opportunities to achieve openings and agreements here too . documento
the green paper asks whether the fifg has contributed to the sustainability of fish stocks or whether it has introduced a distortion into the industry . libro
we shall return to this in the green paper . libro
all that will be at stake is strengthening fortress europe , whereas it is urgently necessary to combat trafficking , mafias and secrecy through a policy of opening up frontiers , normalising the status of those without papers and giving nationals and foreigners equal civic and social rights . soggiorno
on 8 may , the commission adopted its strategy paper for malaysia , in which it is proposed to use the appropriate ec financing instruments to support activities to strengthen governance and the role of civil society in malaysia . documento
funding such projects has recently been reaffirmed as a priority in the commission 's communication , or policy paper of 8 may 2001 on the union 's role in promoting human rights and democratisation in third countries . documento
personally speaking , i feel it is very important for a europe of transport to be implemented and that it leads us towards a policy which was also alluded to in the white paper , and i think that this is a good reason . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this is a directive which responds to the commission communication , the green paper and various resolutions by this parliament . libro
the commission 's tax proposal should help to enable the european union to meet the objective set out in the green paper on the security of energy supply , namely of achieving 20 % use of substitute fuels in road transport by the year 2020 . libro
this can also be deduced from the conclusions of the green paper recently approved by the commission . libro
mr president , as the rapporteur pointed out , the white paper on european transport policy highlighted the considerable delays encountered in developing the trans-european transport networks , particularly for some of the more ambitious projects of the decade and more specifically with regard to the alpine rail links , for example , the brenner link or the lyon-turin route . libro
in light of this , and in line with the white paper on transport policy problems , and in response to requests made by the gothenburg european council with regard to increased financial support for rail projects , the proposal to revise the financial regulation that is before you today seeks to raise the maximum ceiling of community financial support for trans-european networks to 20 % for cross-border rail projects that cross natural barriers or for projects to eliminate bottlenecks in the rail network , as has already been possible with the current regulation for satellite radio-navigation projects such as libro
to believe that we can create an immigration policy without distinguishing between the legal and the illegal , with a cry of ' papers for all ' , would i believe be a mistake and would mean opting for conflict , for non-integration and for demagoguery . documenti
in my opinion , this - the enhancement of the european common security policy - is the only way to move from a europe of paper and charters to a genuinely powerful europe which is a worldwide leader . carta
this document is a follow-up to the green paper on csr , which we presented last summer and , after six months of consultation , we had a large number of very constructive and positive responses from across the union . NULL
i would like to congratulate and thank parliament and , in particular , the rapporteur , mr howitt , for his contribution to the consultation on the csr green paper . libro
this responds to one of the requests made to the commission in the howitt report on the green paper . libro
mr president , i would like to thank the commissioner for her kind words and offer my sincere congratulations to her and to commissioner liikanen for this white paper . libro
at the beginning of the year , the commission drew up a consultation paper on this matter . documento
having studied the responses , the commission intends to adopt the following practical measures : a meeting of experts will be held , in september , in which the various measures submitted for consultation will be discussed ; on the basis of these discussions , the commission intends to produce , at the end of 2002 , a green paper on safeguards in criminal proceedings , which will probably cover the issue of time limits on pre-trial detention . libro
this issue will be the subject of another green paper , to be presented at the end of the year or at the beginning of 2003 , which will examine the issue of legal certainty in relation to individuals who are remanded in custody . libro
what political reasons exist for maintaining it , as stated in the green paper and as stated now in the reform of the common fisheries policy ? libro
the commission points out in its working paper that zero tolerance is impossible in practice ; several of my fellow members have repeatedly addressed the imponderables of nature and i have nothing new to add to what they have already said . NULL
i think you have delivered a very ambitious paper and a good basis for discussion with parliament . documento
the commission proposed in the white paper on food safety on 12 january 2000 that it would submit a regulation on labelling gm-free food and that would be a wonderful , rounded addition to your proposal . libro
therefore , having put this objective into the white paper on food safety two years ago , we thought long and hard about this . libro
the fact that conservative and religious circles have taken action and flooded us with papers over recent days in a bid to overturn the vote in favour of this report makes that clear . inondati
it is equally important to pursue the work on the white paper . libro
our proposal contained in the follow-up paper on fair trading specifically refers to the need for law enforcement cooperation among member states . documento
in our consultation process with member states and others , there was a very strong response to that part of the paper focusing on enforcement cooperation . documento
now that this period is over , the commission has issued a green paper suggesting that not only the points laid down in the regulation , but also those allowing the text to be updated , should be analysed . libro
perhaps the most important points of this green paper concern the definition of the thresholds at which concentrations are considered to have a community dimension and , secondly , the hypotheses whereby a concentration notified to the commission could be referred to the national authority or authorities for analysis and a decision and , vice versa , whereby a concentration notified to the national authorities could also be referred to the commission . libro
i endorse the rapporteur 's report - as , indeed , does my group - but i also share the concern , for example , that some of the proposals set out in the green paper cannot actually be achieved in practice . libro
mr president , commissioner , given the increasing volume of business mergers and their profound social and economic impact , there is room for improvement on the proposals contained in the green paper . libro
mr president , i should like to thank the european parliament for the support it has given to the commission 's green paper on the review of the merger regulation . libro
the public consultation process has provided and is still providing a number of interesting and well documented opinions on jurisdictional , procedural and substantive questions raised in the green paper . libro
i would encourage the commission and the council to ensure that the community participates in all the existing regional fisheries organisations and in those to be formed in future , in the interests of the community fisheries sector , as the european parliament requested of them in its resolution on the green paper . libro
we therefore asked , in the resolution on the green paper , a report for which i was the rapporteur , for a harmonised european inspection and control system applicable to all professionals , without discrimination , with a uniform system of penalty proceedings and provisions with a high level of compliance in each part of the industry . libro
secondly , as we say in paragraph 12 , that implementation has to be part of development cooperation programmes too - not just fine words in country strategy papers but real , quantifiable programmes , assisting developing country governments to establish and operate effective labour inspectorates and giving direct aid to developing country trade unions and other civil society and watchdog groups , to provide an independent voice in tackling abuses such as child and forced labour . documenti
both these elements ensure that the ilo is not merely a paper tiger , but actively plays a key role in the general debate . carta
despite this , i do not reject this green paper , because doing nothing is even worse . libro
one might say that she has thus already pre-empted the discussions on the white paper on integrated product policy . libro
this , after all , is what the white paper on integrated product policy is about , or , in any case , that is what almost everybody on the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy thought . libro
minimum targets are being met , for example by the recycling of paper offcuts which have traditionally been reused , so there is more perception of progress than actual progress and a lot of smoke and mirrors around the meeting of minimum targets . carta
i am also very concerned about monopolies and cartels in the paper industry , particularly in ireland . carta
the commission proposes that , in addition , the following minimum targets for the recovery of materials contained in packaging waste should be achieved : 60 % by weight for glass , 65 % by weight for paper , and so on . carta
the 25 % by weight minimum target for the recovery of materials is quite adequate for materials such as glass , paper , carton , metals and plastics . carta
one fairly prosaic example is the toilet paper tube . carta
nor is it willing to reduce the targets for glass , paper and metals from 60 % , 55 % or 50 % to 25 % , as these materials can be recycled with great benefit to the environment and at low cost . carta
this analysis resulted in the commission papers presented in march 2001 . documenti
it has been a long journey with many obstacles along the way , which started in 1996 with the first publication of the green paper , followed by the commission 's follow-up communication in 1998 . libro
the commission has already favoured the open option in a green paper on consumer protection , which will not be examined by the house until several weeks ' time . libro
nevertheless , the debate on a genuine european consumer policy has not been held and we certainly hope to hold this debate in the near future , when the green paper is presented to the house . libro
do you mean we are less useful than packaging , than the paper which surrounds all the products sold ? carta
we should not be expected to vote before we have held a debate on the green paper on consumer protection . libro
mr president , mrs patrie 's suggestion comes as a huge surprise to me , because not a single new issue was raised during the extensive debate we held here yesterday , both in the morning and in the afternoon , and because commissioner bolkestein has also emphatically confirmed that the green paper and the draft regulation are completely compatible . libro
firstly , the ' strategic framework for enhanced partnerships ' of 4 september 2001 followed our first substantial paper of 1994 , called a ' new asia strategy ' , acknowledging that the new relationship between asia and europe had evolved beyond ' aid and trade ' . documento
the strategy paper of 2001 therefore reflects the importance that european union-asia political dialogue has gained . documento
in our latest policy paper , we have divided asia into four sub-regions - the south , the south-east , north-east asia and australia / oceania . documento
christian aid has just published a position paper warning that over 12 million people in the southern africa region risk starvation in the coming months after poor harvests , drought , flood and mismanagement . documento
the country strategy papers and the multiannual indicative programmes allow for some flexibility and do not need to be revised for these transitions . documenti
i do not have a piece of paper which tells me so , but there are various conventions and laws and international rights which exist and which protect me as a citizen of the world . documento
mr president , how can we speak about citizenship in the european union without mentioning the plight of tens of thousands of men and women who have even been refused the right to simply have papers , papers that would permit them to stay in the union without being pursued by the police and exploited by unscrupulous employers ? documenti
in the name of the members from lutte ouvrière , i am anxious to affirm my solidarity with those lacking papers who are , in particular in france currently , protesting en masse for the regularisation of their situation . papiers
the status of all persons without papers must be immediately regularised in order to allow these people to live with dignity , and every political , legal and civil right that the citizens of the european union enjoy must be accorded to every immigrant worker of the european union , whatever their country of origin . papiers
we discussed and debated the food safety white paper and went on to pass legislation on food and feed and on the establishment of the european food safety authority . libro
the communist party of greece is radically opposed to the bologna process , to private universities , to interventions via the green paper , to the so-called european area of higher education and , of course , to the creation of a seat of european universities , all of which eradicate independence and the free circulation of ideas . libro
so i think drafting a green paper would be a good initiative and i for one shall be behind you in this endeavour , commissioner . libro
we endorse the proposal that the commission should draft a green paper on higher education in order to launch what is known as the bologna process . libro
despite all the humanitarian successes and all the progress made on paper there is still a time bomb ticking away in afghanistan . carta
in the working paper that the commission presented on the ' european judicial training network ? we advocated three possible options : one is to create a training network by means of a council act , another is to create a community agency for this purpose and the third option is to keep the existing network operational and at the same time increase the support given to it by the union . NULL
all the national governments have an inhumane , reactionary policy in this area , refusing large numbers of these immigrants the right to the appropriate papers to enable them to stay in the country and work . documenti
it should put pressure on national politicians so that immigrant workers are granted not only the legal papers that would allow them to come out of the shadows into the light and live in dignity , but also the opportunity to enjoy the same political , trade union and community rights as all european union citizens . documenti
a5-0309 / 2002 by roberta angelilli on behalf of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs on the commission green paper on compensation to crime victims ( com ( 2001 ) 536 - c5-0016 / 2002 - 2002 / 2022 ( cos ) ) libro
mr president , the report of which i am about to give a brief overview deals with the commission green paper on compensation to crime victims . libro
soon afterwards , the commission presented its green paper on compensation to crime victims . libro
i am therefore extremely grateful to the european parliament for tabling a resolution on the commission green paper and i should like to thank mrs angelilli in particular for the excellent quality and the pertinence of her report . libro
i am very pleased to be able to note , in the report , the support given to our objectives as well as a detailed and constructive analysis of the various aspects covered by the green paper . libro
the position that you are adopting today on the green paper will be , in this connection , an extremely valuable contribution to the creation of our proposal . libro
as far as the proposal for a directive on legal aid is concerned , the green paper published by the commission in february 2002 led to a proposal for a directive being presented in january 2002 that seeks to establish minimum standards in the area of legal aid . libro
there is no doubt that this green paper and the reports we are approving today represent progress in terms of removing the physical national borders in relation to the victims of crime . libro
the report by mrs roberta angelilli is an improvement on the commission 's green paper on a legislative framework for compensating victims of crime . libro
these funds do not only appear in the jha budget ; they also appear , and to a great extent , in the relex budget , in the country strategy papers , in the regional programmes such as meda or cards . documenti
that is why parliament this year is seeking to earmark this spending and promote it as part of the deconcentration of staff and in the new country strategy papers . documenti
if you look at the whole new generation of country strategy papers that guides what we do and creates the basis for it , country by country for the whole world - this not only applies to the acp countries but also to asia and latin america , etc. these papers clearly give a strong , prominent role to the issues of governance , democratisation and human rights . documenti
the commission , for its preliminary draft budget , should - we believe - have worked on the basis of the resolution approved by this parliament in relation to the green paper on the reform . libro
mr president , as announced in the commission 's transport white paper of 12 september 2001 , the marco polo programme will provide community funding to new international transport solutions which offer a viable alternative to road-freight transport . libro
for this reason i cannot agree with what it says in the white paper , that shares between the various transport modes should be retained and frozen at their present level until 2010 . libro
' motorways of the seas ' is also given a separate mention in the white paper on transport ; it is therefore only natural to include it in this regulation . libro
at present , the white paper is before us in parliament and if there is something we are all agreed on , it is that something should be done to prevent a total standstill . libro
rather than draw up a long list of quantitative objectives covering every conceivable aspect and then measure success in terms of the amount of reports and paper generated , we must clarify the objectives and ensure good communication . documenti
it is now for us to work hard at demonstrating by our actions that we are actually achieving the objectives set by the white paper for renewable energy sources . libro
that the 60 000-strong rapid reaction force will be set up on paper by next year , is something of which i am certain , but will it be at all effective , being blind and lame for lack of any logistics capability or satellite facilities ? carta
this proposal might look good on paper , but in reality the result would be a bad one , and there would be a bad result for the environment . carta
then in the recruitment sphere , there have been firstly the removal , in two stages , of the age limit in competitions and , secondly , the ombudsman 's success in obtaining the right for any participant in a competition to have access to their corrected papers . corrette
mr president , this important piece of legislation is a direct consequence of the green paper on security of supply , which the commission originally presented , and which gave rise to a lively debate at european level on this issue which is essential to our competitiveness and well-being . libro
this initiative has arisen in the context of the debate on the green paper , and furthermore it responds to both the wishes of parliament and the conclusions of the council , which demanded actions to improve energy efficiency , specifically in buildings , with the aim of taking advantage of the potential for energy savings . libro
mr president , to my great surprise , i read in the paper at the end of last week that the president of the commission referred to the stability and growth pact as ' stupid ' in an interview . giornale
that is why your proposals regularly end up in the council 's waste paper basket . carta
this concerns those people who the national governments do not issue with the requisite papers , which enable them to work and live in dignity . documenti
it should decide , as an emergency measure , to force the national governments to issue residence permits to those in need of them and , failing that , issue them , on behalf of the european institutions , with the requisite papers enabling them to live and work in the european union . documenti
i can frame my ideas in such broad terms that , in the final analysis , they do not absolutely have to be passed by a council in the form of a directive , but can be a parliamentary position paper and an eventual contribution to discussion . documento
there are , however , remedies as well , such as sub-titling , the white paper which could help us to harmonise legislation - and i hope that the commission will listen to us - databases , and the sharing of vocabulary . libro
it will admittedly happen on paper , but without the necessary infrastructure it will not be able to take place in economic terms . carta
we had an excellent presentation from the officer from europol , mr morgan , and i also had the pleasure of announcing the agreement that i think had just been published in the papers that day . giornali
of course this paper is not perfect . documento
i should like to ask you to support both of these papers on amending the rules of procedure and on the agreement itself . documenti
that , mr bonde , is why this committee does not deal with any papers that have to do with legislation , in which area mr turco is talking about justice and internal affairs . documenti
if we see that access is not being given to papers that parliament as a whole is actually meant to be able to see , we can say that they have been wrongly classified , and in this way bring about a change in practice at council level . documenti
gender mainstreaming is a general principle in all actions in our strategy paper . dimensione
what are termed atypical working patterns are on the increase , and i also cannot rid myself of the suspicion that , in the absence of solutions to the real problems , we are increasingly churning out papers and declarations of intent that do workers at their actual workplaces precious little good . documenti
the starting point will be the commission 's progress reports on the individual candidate countries and the commission 's strategy paper on enlargement as a whole , which was presented on 9 october by commissioner verheugen , who is also present here . documento
the number of proposals is rising , the mounds of paper are growing , and it seems to me that we have been witness to an extremely exciting debate on the future of europe , both in and around the convention . carta
therefore , with all due reservations , considering that i am relying on a sheet of paper for information , i believe that this is a genuinely positive sign , for it means that we are working to change the course of history and we are working with the support of the citizens . marciamo
i am convinced that only if the practice becomes as balanced as and is like this paper resolution , will we manage to fight terrorism successfully without creating new causes of terrorism . alimentino
mr president , mr beysen has tabled an excellent , forward-looking report which takes account of important basic documents such as the white paper on renewable sources of energy , the directive on the internal market in electricity and the directive promoting electricity from renewable sources of energy . libro
indeed , although it is true that , on paper , the union has undertaken to offset the new countries ' obligation to contribute 100 % to the community budget as of day one with compensatory payments and structural funds appropriations , it is also true that there is no guarantee that these countries will be able to absorb these resources for high-quality projects quickly , or at least not as quickly and directly as they will have to pay out the money to the union 's budget . carta
commissioner fischler presented his discussion paper on the future development of the common agricultural policy at a council meeting on 15 july . documento
the danish presidency has had discussion of the mid-term review on the agenda of all the council sessions in july , september and october , and the council has thus had a thorough debate on the main topics in the commission 's discussion paper . documento
the paper has also been discussed within the committee on agriculture and rural development and in a number of relevant working groups . documento
i would like to emphasise that , like the european parliament and other institutions , we knew from the start that our discussions on the discussion paper were to form a basis for the commission 's submission of legal proposals at a later point in time . documento
the commission 's proposals are a basis for discussions after 2007 , as a whole raft of issues and problems correctly identified in the paper remain to be resolved . documento
looked at in that light , the motion for a resolution is just a snapshot and not a reform paper . documento
however , i would like to stress and reiterate what the commissioner told us - we should view this paper as a basis for a debate , a debate which we are all called upon to participate in . documento
the green paper forms a good basis for continued work in this regard . libro
it is , therefore , a matter of adopting a set of measures designed to improve community legislation on the safety of passenger ships , in full accordance , as a matter of fact , with the political objectives outlined in the white paper on the matter - which obviously warrants my full support . libro
i would therefore like the commission and in particular the rapporteur , mr izquierdo collado , to ensure that this white paper on transport takes into account , for the year 2010 , something that concerns me and that a member from the canaries , mr medina , mentioned to me today : the failure by many ships , both community and other , to follow routes which avoid the exclusive economic zones in certain regions , such as galicia . libro
yet the commission has not explored the idea of cross-media ownership and media concentration in any detail since its 1994 follow-up to the green paper on pluralism and media concentration . libro
will the commission undertake to bring forward a white paper updating its 1994 communication in the light of technological change and developments in the industry ? libro
we did this because , ten years ago , the commission put forward a green paper on pluralism and the internal market , and proposed - and even drew up - a preliminary draft directive to harmonise national legislation on media ownership . libro
we are asking the commission to draw up a green paper on the current situation to take up the question of the structural developments observable today in europe 's political , economic and legal media . libro
a green paper was drafted on this issue in 1997 . libro
i therefore call upon the commission to be the guarantor of this principle of freedom and to propose an appropriate course of action to parliament and the council , which could , for example , be the subject of another green paper . libro
may i , therefore , say that this motion should be adopted unanimously and point out that passing legislative and other support measures is a top priority for the democratic future of europe , that there has been an unwarranted delay in taking action since the green paper was published , that the measures required need to be incorporated into general policy on audiovisual media , that we must accept that the traditional rules of market competition are inadequate and that we need an independent competitive network with its sights set on real pluralism and that , for these purposes libro
the good-neighbour policy should not , however , remain just words on paper : the european union should also develop a proper practical policy with goals and action . carta
with regard to the union 's foreign policy , we would ask the commission to publish a green paper on the new borders of the enlarged european union , supplemented by ideas on relations with the new neighbouring states and the various partners . libro
as well as sustainable development , you , in relation to the framework directive on services of general interest , which was agreed in barcelona , are proposing a green paper . libro
we are looking forward with great interest , mr president , to the commission 's green paper on services of general interest , and it is our genuine hope that it will be possible to discuss it here in parliament too , chairman barón crespo . libro
mr president , while welcoming the programme presented to us today i must express some alarm that on page 12 , under ' key initiatives - sustainable and inclusive economy ' , the mountain has laboured and made a promise to produce a green paper on public services or services of economic interest . libro
yet what we have in this work programme for next year is the promise of a green paper to discuss the principles on which services of general economic interest might - might - be constructed . libro
we have launched a consultation and intend to build upon the results of that consultation in a green paper . libro
i read today in my local paper , the neue osnabrücker zeitung , a well-written article entitled ' russia offers little hope . cker
the whole arrangement would then not even be worth the paper it was written on . carta
it is also in the commission 's governance white paper , in the commission 's communication on better regulation and in the commission 's contribution to the convention , its communication of 22 may entitled ' a project for the european union ' . libro
the commission announced its intention to phase out these remaining antibiotics in feedingstuffs in the white paper on food safety . libro
this proposal is one of the measures provided for in the commission 's white paper on food safety . libro
i think that this is entirely in keeping with the white paper on food safety . libro
none of the potential solutions we currently have on paper are that elegant , but they get us through first reading and i am sure we will be getting back to that at the common position and second reading stages . carta
i must say that , following the publication of the commission green paper , there were very few calls to abandon or make radical changes to the current system . libro
we know that a green paper on the provision of services of general interest is currently being prepared . attualmente
we hope , commissioner , that this green paper , which is of course being drafted primarily under the authority of the commission president , will encompass all aspects of services of general interest . libro
there are a lot of pretty words on paper , but what does it look like in reality ? carta
parliament 's resolution the green paper identified the fundamental aim of the cfp as attaining a balance between the two . libro
we shall be presenting an initial communication in january 2003 and both these documents , the communication on the revision of the employment strategy and the draft joint report , which we submitted a month ago , will be the two basic political papers and will need to be debated so that we can get to the spring council and then start applying the new procedure with the guidelines . documenti
i should just like to emphasise that , however pleasing it is on paper , this directive needs to be applied in practice . carta
i am becoming more and more convinced that employee protection directives look very pretty on paper but that nobody actually wants to implement them . carta
it would be unfair to refuse them this right due to the fact that they often only have false identity papers . documenti
mr president , sometimes it is an advantage to be spokesman for the third group in parliament because it has provided me with time to read the commission 's paper . documento
there has been virtually no major stage in the history of european integration so far that did not begin with a vision on the part of the commission , underpinned by a major plan and a white paper . libro
one thing needs to be said about this paper - it does not make any sparks fly ! documento
it is a very cautious , perhaps technocratic and certainly intelligent , and sometimes even clever paper . ingegnoso
this paper talks , for example , about a ' constitutional text ' rather than about a constitution as such . documento
it is worth considering the fact that the role of the eu secretary for foreign affairs , which is viewed positively in the paper , will of course appear in a very different , and rather negative , light in this institutional context . documento
we do not want the institutions to be renationalised , what we need is to apply the community method , and in this paper the commission and parliament are on the same track . documento
flight travel is set to put medium to long distance rail travel out of business , despite the investments in high-speed rail links for distances up to 1 000 km and despite the commission communication ' air transport and the environment ' from 1999 and the 2010 white paper on transport policy . libro
member states that fish within the quotas not only on paper but also in reality are now being hit hardest . carta
the commission came forward with a perfectly sensible communication - a discussion paper - with its options of the current eu list , plus shrimps and frogs ' legs , of the current wider member states ' list , or of the current eu list alone . documento
as long as the european parliament has no say in the agricultural field , there is a risk that our resolution will remain a paper tiger . carta
through our work , a long conflict between the institutions about what characterises a document , as distinct from more incidental papers , was resolved . secondari
a long conflict between the institutions about what constitutes a document and what are more incidental papers has been resolved . documenti
this means that the reform of financial management exists not only on paper ; it governs the activities of all those who work with european resources , so that the 2003 budget will be the first to be implemented according to the new rules of the new financial regulation . carta
mr president , the white paper on european transport policy presents a range of measures which must be taken in order to improve road safety , as well as an action plan on road safety aimed at determining measures which will allow us to achieve by 2010 the global objective of reducing by half the number of fatalities resulting from road accidents in the european union . libro
mr president , the transport white paper clearly speaks of revitalising the railways throughout the european union . libro
given that it is the objective of the commission , and indeed of the european union , that increases in traffic should be absorbed by the rail system , does the commissioner not think that there is a conflict here between what we are seeking to achieve , in relation to the moving of goods in particular , and that he should at least talk to the irish government about establishing some coordination between the white paper , the proposed national transport policy which the government claims it is working on , and the proposal to close the rail network libro
it is not enough for us to see a ban on torture on paper in the form of a law ; what we want is the certainty that nobody will be tortured to death in any turkish jail or in any turkish police station . carta
if we join up the dots between this paper , our development policy , the negotiations on readmission and our economic need for immigration , we will be demonstrating the joined-up thinking we so urgently require in immigration and asylum policy . tracciando
as you know , we have published a green paper , we have presented an action plan and the council has endorsed this action plan . libro
during this period , the commission has presented two proposals which provide a global approximation of the issue , as laid down in the tampere conclusions : the green paper on return , the inclusion of the immigration policy in the union 's external policy . libro
the commission has now drawn up a proposal in the form of a green paper . libro
the commission decided to carry out this examination within the framework of a green paper . libro
the green paper will allow the commission firstly to examine whether a framework directive would be appropriate and secondly to launch a large-scale debate on the overall issue . libro
in addition , alongside the preparation of the green paper , we are working on other dossiers , particularly in the area of the application of rules on state aid and in the field of the evaluation of services . libro
this work could , moreover , be a useful contribution to the green paper . libro
as regards the timetable , the green paper should be adopted in march 2003 and the conclusions drawn before the end of the year . libro
despite this , the commission insists on broad consultation first via a green paper in the spring of 2003 . libro
the green paper will furthermore arrive too late to contribute to the discussion in the convention about the role of services of general interest . libro
mr president , i was going to say on behalf of my group that we are pleased to see that a green paper is forthcoming , but perhaps i am in the minority in saying that i am pleased to see that a green paper is forthcoming in the sense that something is actually happening . libro
i too believe that we cannot wait for a green paper to be drawn up in a few months ' time to address this issue , however useful a green paper might be . libro
you have decided to open a broad consultation process on the green paper . libro
i would like the commission to explain clearly which public method of hearing will be used to enable the different players - users , trade unions , ngos , local and regional authorities etc. to make themselves heard during this consultation on the green paper . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies , gentlemen , and our erstwhile lady colleague , i believe that any framework directive or green paper should take into account our previous experience with services of general interest . libro
we were told that the commission was going to produce a framework for services of general interest before the end of this year , now we get a promise of a green paper . libro
we urgently need the framework directive , not a green paper . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , far too late though it is , i of course welcome the commission 's statement of its intention to submit a green paper on services of general interest in the first quarter of 2003 . libro
in view of the invariable tendency of the debate on public services to bring forth ritual repetitions about deregulation and privatisation , it would at least be proper to conduct , in parallel with the green paper , a scientifically sound analysis of the situation in those markets and enterprises that have already been deregulated and privatised . libro
two years on , after a report from the laeken council and a call from the barcelona council for work to begin on a framework directive , we are still at more or less the same point , and the commission 's only proposal is to put off resolution of the issue once again and draw up a green paper which will lead to a huge consultation process . libro
now , the subject is a green paper , but there has already - in the year 2000 - been a commission communication on services of general interest , a commission report to the laeken council and , indeed , many documents and positions adopted by the institutions , particularly the european parliament . NULL
since there is going to be a green paper , it would be appropriate , together with the social partners , users and local government representatives , to assess the long-term impact of liberalisation in a number of sectors in terms of quality and safety . libro
much has already been said about the green paper and the convention , and also about the question of whether we have left things too late . libro
what we need right now is an answer and not this or that green paper , which serve only to delay the discussion process for ever and a day . libri
madam president , the decision by the government of the hong kong special administrative region to publish a consultation paper presenting its proposals for an anti-subversion law in accordance with article 22 of the basic law has led to great uproar and concern not only in hong kong itself , but also here in the european parliament . documento
in its white paper on governance , the commission advocated systematic dialogue with the associations representing these authorities , and we are currently finalising arrangements for this dialogue which , following extensive consultation , will be operational at the end of the first half of 2003 . libro
our rapporteur has distinguished himself with the survey he has compiled and included in his working paper on the relationships between the central and local levels in the eu 's member states and in the candidate countries , which reveals that , below the level of a member state 's central government , the regions or federal states possess the most diverse legislative competences . documento
ladies and gentlemen , the white paper on european transport policy provides an alarming description of the development of rail freight transport . libro
the proposal includes measures which will promote the efficient and uniform interpretation and application of the current rules , as stated in the white paper , which will harmonise even further the competition conditions in the road transport sector . libro
more effective monitoring will lead to better results than if the provisions are merely made more stringent on paper . carta
the objectives set by the white paper for european transport policy up to 2010 , as well as the constantly increasing volume of traffic on europe 's roads , mean that absolute priority must be accorded to transferring goods traffic from road to rail . NULL
dreams outlined on paper , especially those concerning liberalisation , often turn into nightmares for those who have to implement them . carta
still on this subject , i would like to mention the white paper european transport policy for 2010 : time to decide which refers in various places to the need to reverse the trend away from rail and towards road transport . libro
mr president , i would like to refer to my question which is now number 52 on the question paper , which i tabled within due time specifically addressed to mr. liikanen , on the subject of regulatory impact assessment . elenco
at the barcelona european council member states were asked to speed up the implementation of the european charter for smes and the commission was asked to draw up a green paper on the entrepreneurial spirit and smes . libro
the only specific information you have given me is that the green paper is being prepared and will contribute to the joint effort being made by the european institutions and the member states to increase entrepreneurship , kick-start the european economy and , as a result , create new jobs . libro
at the barcelona european council member states were asked to speed up the implementation of the european charter for smes and the commission was asked to draw up a green paper on the entrepreneurial spirit and smes . libro
does it intend to urge the commission to present this green paper before the end of the greek presidency together with a qualitative and quantitative evaluation of the participation of smes in existing community support programmes for smes and of the results of such participation ? libro
in addition to the green paper , the spring european council will also evaluate the application of the european charter for smes , using the procedure provided for in the charter itself , taking account , needless to say , of any demands by the european parliament . libro
the rapporteur is right to condemn the green paper 's failure to mention aquaculture and to emphasise the shortcomings of the commission 's communication of september 2002 . libro
mr president , the restrictive measures in the green paper on fisheries , vessel scrapping , quotas and so forth have put medium and - even more so - small fishing enterprises out of business . libro
once there is a government in israel , we must mobilise all possible mechanisms in order to speed up a process which will lead to the road map becoming a reality and not just remaining a piece of paper . carta
those differences should neither be artificially papered over nor allowed to block meaningful cooperation . artificialmente
personally speaking , i welcome whole-heartedly the contents of the commission paper and the rapporteur 's proposals , and i applaud the fact that the eu has led the way in this area . documento
last december the commission presented a draft paper which it said is consistent with the eu 's negotiating mandate at wto level , as approved by the council in 1999 . documento
it is consistent therefore with agenda 2000 , and will not require changes to the common agricultural policy ; the eu level of export subsidies and domestic support in the so-called ' yellowbox ' are already below the levels of reduction commitments proposed ; the market access proposals can also be accommodated without disrupting eu markets ; and the eu is already committed to reducing tariffs and quota barriers on imports from the least-developed countries and from all developing countries , as proposed in the paper . gialla
i can assure you that in my part of the union , on the coast where i spend several days , there are many european citizens residing illegally who simply come and go between their two houses , one in their country of origin and one in my country , whenever they want and without filling out any papers . modulo
in actual fact , i have taken the floor not least in order to present to the rapporteur , both in words and on paper , the transnational radical party 's petition , signed by 1122 people of 30 different nationalities , who are calling for full respect for the free movement of persons within the european union in order to eliminate discrimination against same-sex couples . 122
furthermore , the situation of austria and the alpine question as a whole have come about as a direct result of a transport policy which needs to be completely overhauled , as is clearly indicated in the white paper which , by pure coincidence , we are going to discuss this very afternoon . libro
in its transport white paper , which we shall soon be discussing , it promises that the planned new transport infrastructure costs directive will include provisions on the imposition of charges for the use of the infrastructure as well as on the integration of the external costs , with such provisions reflecting serious consideration of the use of cross-subsidies to benefit more environmentally friendly means of transport . NULL
mr president , commissioner , the white paper on transport is dated 12 september 2001 and it may appear that we have spent too much time analysing this important report sent to us by the commission . libro
i am sure that the commission has held many contacts with all the sectors before producing the white paper , but i must say that parliament has not been left behind and that practically all the european associations representing the different modes of transport have been heard by parliament and that many of their proposals have been incorporated into the approach we have been working on . libro
on the contrary , it is demonstrating willingness and carrying out a positive analysis of the commission 's proposal , of the proposals in the white paper , and we believe that the enormous majority of its offers and analysis can be perfectly endorsed by this parliament . libro
charging is a rough diamond in the white paper which we must be able to cut from now on and which is essential . libro
there is a proposal from parliament on the creation of the european safety agency for roads - the only one missing from the white paper on transport - and i hope that it is received well , as well as other problems relating to safety at sea , on the railways , etc . libro
it is true that european asymmetry is not properly considered in the white paper , that urban issues have not been dealt with since they are considered subsidiary and not to be subject to the commission 's proposal , that public transport is not yet properly dealt with - and we are asking the commission for complementary documents - that enlargement is not really taken into account in the white paper , but if europe wants to participate in the process of globalisation and not wait for others to implement it and , if it wants to be as viable libro
you have cooperated in the white paper in this respect and parliament wishes to follow . libro
i believe his work has allowed us to hold the sometimes passionate debates which have resulted from the white paper . libro
in this regard , most of the measures proposed in the white paper have been presented by the commission to this parliament and to the council . libro
i have read the papers myself and i can well understand why the honourable member has raised this issue . documentazione
a general point to begin with : the white paper outlining the policy lines for european transport policy up to 2010 has one major shortcoming , in my opinion : it lays too much emphasis on rail transport , as if that were the only real means of transport of the future . libro
conversely , road transport , and , above all , water and air transport , quite unjustifiably receive scant attention in the white paper . libro
i am pleased , therefore , that parliament , in its reaction to the white paper , does consider the importance of inland waterway transport as an innovative , environmentally friendly and relatively cheap mode of transport that will soon connect eastern and western europe with each another . libro
i think that the white paper gives european transport policy a great opportunity to draw the right conclusions from the ruthless analysis that it contains . libro
that is why i say that the analysis in the white paper no longer has anything to do with genuine mobility , which we want , or with a more environmentally friendly transport policy . libro
in my view the white paper tends to neglect this aspect . libro
mr president , it is clear to me that we could easily have turned the 150 pages of the white paper on the commission 's transport policy into a 300-page vision . libro
before i get bogged down in the commission 's details , i should like to make further mention of the commission 's methodology and also its objective in its white paper . libro
in short , i think that the problem is accurately described in the white paper . libro
mr president , my congratulations to mrs de palacio on the white paper on transport before us in this debate . libro
i should also like to thank mr izquierdo collado , a spaniard who has worked on this white paper with a thoroughness of which one would usually attribute only to a german , and who has invested a great deal of energy in his report . libro
once again , i hope that this report , if it is adopted now , will be of genuine help to the commission in implementing the proposals in the white paper . libro
these needs are virtually ignored in the commission white paper . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the white paper on european transport policy for 2010 is clearly in favour , and i welcome the fact , of shifting the balance between modes of transport towards rail and waterways . libro
mr president , madam vice-president of the commission , firstly my sincere thanks go to the vice-president for the white paper that she has written with her colleagues . libro
i believe that the approach to european transport policy that is advocated in the white paper is a good one , namely of working on the supply side to restore the balance between the transport modes by 2010 . libro
commissioner , i would ask you also to do all you can now to encourage the greek presidency to put the second railway package on the council 's agenda and to reach a common position , because railway policy is one of the core components of your white paper and if we do not make progress here we can forget the whole idea , that you have stated in the paper , of getting more freight and passengers back onto rail . libro
because if we do not manage to do so in this parliament then the question is whether we will manage to do so in 2005 , 2006 or 2007 ; if we do not then it will undermine the entire objective of your white paper , namely to restore the balance between transport modes by 2010 . libro
mr izquierdo collado , commissioner de palacio has rightly stated in her white paper that we do not want to have any legislation on road safety in the next five years . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , after almost one and a half years of debate on the white paper and therefore on our transport policy strategy , we now have a report that is by and large capable of winning a majority . libro
the white paper itself certainly deserves the epithet strategic , because it keeps in view the idea of optimising european transport as a whole and because it underpins its objective of achieving a balanced distribution of transport needs across transport modes with around 60 specific individual measures . NULL
purely arithmetically speaking we are therefore practically back in 1992 , at the beginning of the process of implementing the last white paper . libro
mr president , commissioner , the white paper has been the catalyst for a stimulating debate which has produced a strategic vision allowing us to focus on the goal of creating the conditions for free movement of goods and persons , which are essential if we are to achieve the genuine integration of the enlarged europe and pursue territorial cohesion , avoiding any land wastage and reducing undesirable effects on the environment , security or public health . NULL
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the matter of transport in europe , which we are debating due to the examination of a white paper with the evocative title ' european transport policy for 2010 : time to decide ' and the report by mr collado on this white paper , is , to me , a perfect example of the gap , not to say the canyon , that exists in europe in this field , as in many others , between needs and reality , between the stated objectives and the means implemented to achieve libro
all because a market logic , founded in 1992 in a white paper behind directives on competitiveness and liberalisation , has led to our neglecting safety , the environment , social aspects and land use planning . libro
the white paper makes plans for 2010 . libro
the white paper makes it possible to make a powerful response to questions of this kind . libro
it is now up to the commission to work faster on the proposals that must follow this white paper . libro
i want finally to repeat what i said in my maiden speech some months ago : the most environmentally friendly kilometre is the kilometre not travelled and this white paper offers no solution for avoiding transport . libro
i will therefore focus not on what i endorse - which is a great deal , most of the white paper - but on what i feel is still a grey area , in other words , commissioner , the matter of trans-european networks . libro
in any case , we cannot fail to notice that they are not given enough consideration in the white paper , that the way they are dealt with is inadequate . libro
not only is the paper almost totally focused on rail to the detriment of all other modes of transport , but it completely fails to alleviate the precarious situation in which the aviation industry has unfortunately found itself , particularly since 11 september . NULL
obviously , some of the most contentious issues in this paper concern the aspect of subsidiarity . documento
among them i would include , although these are not related to the white paper , training , because performance depends on knowledge ; research , because our growth depends in part on innovation ; and transport , because the sustainability of our development depends on the quality of transport . libro
i believe that this white paper and this task provide a good opportunity for the commission to build all these links . libro
mr president , madam vice-president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , both the white paper and mr izquierdo collado 's report show very clearly that there is still a very great deal that needs to be done in the transport sector . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the white paper contains a number of points which are of great , direct interest to italy such as the issue of alpine passes , the financing of major infrastructure work , restoring the balance between modes of transport , sustainability and cohesion in europe . libro
during the essen and dublin european councils , 14 priority projects were identified and , without waiting for these objectives to be achieved , the white paper has added others , clearly dissipating resources . libro
yet this paper steadfastly ignores the road sector and is thus completely unbalanced . libro
however , my conservative colleagues and i have serious doubts as to where this paper would lead us , with its severe implications for the entire transport industry . libro
the white paper proposes to tackle this situation by gradually breaking the link between transport growth and economic growth or an increase in gdp , while recognising that economic growth will generate greater needs for mobility . libro
the action proposed by the white paper involves rebalancing the different modes of transport ; developing high quality rail services ; promoting short sea crossings ; inland waterways and combined transport ; and promoting fair competition between the sectors . libro
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , amongst its main objectives , the white paper proposes giving priority to sustainable development , relaunching maritime and rail transport , fostering intermodality , anticipating the impact of traffic flow generated by enlargement and improving accessibility in peripheral regions . libro
i am not sure that the white paper , which , in particular , addresses this matter from the point of view of introducing more flexibility into the community framework on aid for regional purposes in the field of transport services , in particular where links with the peripheral regions and the small islands are concerned , has fully appreciated the importance of this crucial matter for the european peoples concerned . NULL
as well as the many good proposals , the white paper unfortunately contains seriously mistaken evaluations . libro
you are fortunate , commissioner , since this parliament is saying : go ahead , you have the support of parliament to formulate into directives the issues you have presented to us in the report on the white paper , and you have certain additional contributions from the european parliament which may be useful . libro
many doors are therefore being opened , and the council cannot turn a deaf ear to the fundamental demands and the appeal represented by the transport white paper that the time has come to take decisions , to create a genuinely european policy , because , in view of this european policy , the effect will be a synergy which will respond to the reticence of those who say that the european safety agency will cost money , that the european transport fund will not be well used , of those who do not believe that intermodality in one port libro
ladies and gentlemen , the mid-term assessment report in 2005 , laid down in the white paper , will be the perfect opportunity to deal with these concerns and integrate all this information . libro
all of this is , as you know , also provided for in the commission 's paper . relazione
this paper is an excellent step forward . documento
this paper will be finalised in the coming weeks . documento
although some may object that this is just one more piece of paper , i consider it an effective way to replenish the future european database . carta
this is an attempt to maximise the potential benefits of the internal market , overlooking the high levels of poverty , exclusion and inequality in the eu , the lack of quality in the jobs that are created , most of which are precarious , and the promises given in mr delors ' famous white paper , which predicted the creation of 15 million jobs ; a target that has now been postponed to 2010 . libro
the commission cannot choose to engage in selective briefing of extracts from commission papers and then claim general confidentiality in relation to those same documents in the context of the framework agreement . documenti
mr president , commissioner , when , a while ago in this house we considered the green paper on ports and maritime infra-structures , parliament clearly identified the area in which we feel the commission should be working . libro
firstly , we believe that , if we want to purse the aim of sustainable mobility as part of our policy on ports as proposed in the white paper , the problem of competition in ports is certainly not the most appropriate or timely way of approaching the issue . libro
according to the commission 's white paper , carbon dioxide emissions associated with transport are estimated to increase by 50 % over the period 1990-2010 , and the main source of emissions is road traffic , which accounts for 84 % of carbon dioxide emissions connected with transport . NULL
the objectives involved are too imprecise and undifferentiated , as russia needs to be handled in a different way from the mediterranean , which in turn calls for an approach different from that taken to the balkan countries , which , by the way , have been potential candidates ever since the zagreb summit even though this paper states that they have yet to acquire that status . documento
i wish to emphasise that this , as in fact the commissioner for enlargement himself , günter verheugen , has said , constitutes wealth on paper , but not in reality . carta
we must not let this strategy become a paper tiger . carta
the commission will also be adopting the follow-up report on its green paper next week or by the latest the following week . libro
following the publication of the commission 's green paper on criminal-law protection of the community 's financial interests and of the convention 's proposal to reform article 280 of the treaty , the establishment of a new body is being proposed , one that will have the task of ensuring the protection of the community 's financial interests : a european prosecutor . libro
( a5-0423 / 2002 ) by mrs patrie , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the implications of the commission green paper on european union consumer protection for the future of eu consumer policy ( com ( 2001 ) 531 - c5-0295 / 2002 - 2002 / 2151 ( cos ) ) libro
( a5-0054 / 2003 ) by mrs thyssen , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , on the prospects for legal protection of the consumer in the light of the commission green paper on european union consumer protection ( com ( 2001 ) 531 - c5-0294 / 2002 - 2002 / 2150 ( cos ) ) libro
those needs are addressed in the consumer action plan 2002-2006 and in the green paper and its follow-up on consumer protection . libro
on the green paper on consumer protection , which was first brought to us in october 2001 , we have now finally come to the stage of an ambitious debate on these proposals for a genuine internal market for consumers . NULL
the green paper states that the fragmentation of rules has prevented the smooth functioning of the internal market . libro
the green paper on consumer protection - and i will confine myself to that during my first five minutes and move on to mr whitehead 's question in the remaining two minutes - is not only of legal and economic importance , it is also politically significant . libro
that is why we support the suggestion in the green paper to ensure that an efficient and affordable procedure for settling disputes is included for consumers , because that is how it should be . libro
the action plan on consumer protection and the green paper on consumer protection put forward a number of options and raised a number of questions on the future of eu consumer protection policy . libro
third , we commissioned an independent consultant to carry out an impact assessment of the legislative options set out in the green paper . libro
as we know , the 2001 green paper on consumer protection , for example , opened a period of widespread consultation and a valuable debate on the future of community consumer law . libro
mr president , i welcome the in-depth work carried out by mr whitehead , mrs patrie and mrs thyssen concerning the implications of the green paper on consumer protection . libro
mr president , i would like to refer to the green paper , specifically that on consumer protection . libro
i believe that there are already adequate rules on the essential parts of what the green paper covers . libro
for example , the green paper proposals also need to address the proposed regulation on sales promotions . libro
in the decision-making on strategy and the green paper on european consumer policy , there is a great temptation to misuse consumer protection as a lever to bring about greater uniformity of regulations at eu level , without solving the real problems . libro
as everyone knows , this commission green paper on fair commercial practices is intended to stimulate debate on the possibilities for improving the operation of the internal market in the field of electronic commerce between business operators and consumers . libro
this is why , in stimulating a debate on possibilities for improving the operation of the internal market , the green paper is extremely opportune . libro
in order to achieve these aims , i agree with the view put forward by the committee on legal affairs , specifically with regard to the need for community legislation arising from this green paper to be clear , simple , coherent and of high legislative quality . libro
we must press forward undaunted , just as we must press forward with the work we announced in our paper last week on wider europe . documento
instead of a framework directive on public services , agreed on first at nice and again at barcelona , we are to have a green paper on the subject . libro
we are not very quick to demonstrate on this side of the chamber , but i was surprised to see large pieces of paper with the word ' peace ' written on them hung up on the other side , while no one ever stopped to wonder what discontent there was in iraq , and i do not remember seeing any demonstrations against that , not even in this chamber . carta
every spring summit seems to me like a non-stop re-run of the delors white paper . libro
that reality has in fact ensured that several member state delegations have put forward a paper on pension parameters for the european union civil service , and it is being considered by the council . documento
mr president , in december 2001 the commission adopted its green paper on the criminal-law protection of the financial interests of the community and the establishment of a european prosecutor . libro
even before the green paper appeared , it called in several resolutions for better protection for eu finances through the establishment of a european prosecutor for financial matters , who would deal with the growing number of cases of cross-border crime affecting the eu budget . libro
with today 's report from the committee on budgetary control , parliament joins the 72 opinions that the commission has so far received from various quarters and considered concerning the green paper . libro
i therefore fully support the commission 's green paper on the establishment of a european prosecutor with the remit of defending the community 's financial interests , and i also wholeheartedly support mrs theato 's report . libro
it was in december 2001 that the commission presented the green paper on the criminal-law protection of financial interests and the establishment of a european prosecutor , which is being discussed today and is the subject of the report . libro
on the basis of that green paper , the commission initiated a discussion process in 2002 . libro
last week , the commission presented a follow-up report to the green paper , summarising the outcome of the public consultation . libro
on behalf of my group i would like to sincerely thank the rapporteur , mrs theato , for the courage and persistence with which she has fought for this matter for years , and i also expressly include commissioner schreyer in my thanks for supporting the fight for a european public prosecutor 's office in the green paper and countless hearings . libro
i wish to say a final word to express my reservations about the principles of the secrecy of justice and of the independence of the prosecutor 's office when adopted as absolute principles , as has happened , in the latter case , with the commission green paper . libro
i therefore appeal to the council and the convention : we do not need any more green papers . libri
what we have here on the table is a green paper . libro
i would like to place the report within its context and point out that we are talking about establishing the european parliament 's position in relation to the commission 's green paper on the european financial prosecutor . libro
the green paper , however , can be summed up in the idea , the intellectual hypothesis , that the defence of community , and therefore cross-border , financial interests can perhaps be better defended by a figure also at community level in this same field . libro
the rapporteur 's work is conditional upon this structure and therefore has to respond to the most significant issues in the green paper and also glean from that supplementary and premature information the essential notion , which is to achieve the legal basis necessary to continue a careful analysis . libro
mr president , the theato report on the commission 's green paper on the protection of community financial interests and on the creation of a european public prosecutor has had a lot of preparation and a long debate . libro
the commission is now back on the offensive with a green paper , and of course the european parliament is following close behind . libro
despite reservations on certain details contained in the green paper , we believe that it is important to allow for the possibility of establishing the european public prosecutor before enlargement takes place , and the added complications of prosecuting fraud in ten extra countries . libro
a few weeks ago , ladies and gentlemen , we discussed in this plenary the transport white paper and voted on what position parliament should take in relation to it . libro
this transport white paper has lofty objectives , one of the most essential of which , apart from the reduction of environmentally harmful and unhealthy emissions such as greenhouse gases and noise , is that of raising the standard of traffic safety overall . NULL
this will make manifestly superfluous the establishment of a road transport safety agency , which a majority of the plenary called for when the transport white paper was debated and which , i might add , i regard as absolutely nonsensical . libro
in its white paper on reform produced in the year 2000 , the commission made a list of all the measures necessary for the complete reform of the commission . libro
i have opted , as a rapporteur , to put down on paper a recommendation that will help that political debate , in particular , on its way . miri
such chemicals will have to undergo authorisation under the reach system foreseen in the white paper on the future chemicals policy . libro
might you not contemplate the compilation of a green paper , listing for the benefit of all our offices and of all the voluntary organisations , what the options are , or create a virtual platform where the relevant bodies could coordinate their efforts in an emergency ? libro
i therefore protest against these expulsions and call for all those without papers to be given a proper legal status and the same civil and political rights as all workers . clandestini
this is why we cannot support an approach which seeks to make the deportation of third-country nationals who do not have the right papers a populist tool at the service of a repressive policy on the reality of immigration . irregolare
last month , again , in france , two other immigrants who did not have the necessary papers died at the hands of the same violence . maltrattamento
quite the opposite : they have reinforced it by breeding more immigrants without the proper papers and they have sent hundreds of thousands of people underground , people who are now in the grip of networks of exploitative criminals , traffickers in human beings and advocates of modern slavery . ricacciato
we recommend a european campaign to legalise the situation of all those who do not have papers , who have ties in the host country and who reside there on a long-term basis . congiunti
we urgently need to remedy the contradictory situation of people who can neither be deported nor given legal papers , by finally recognising the right to live in a family . regolarizzati
the initial approaches emerging from the process of consultation on the green paper are converging in favour of the definition of a space policy for the european union , as well as its application by means of an ambitious space programme . libro
mr president , i would like to thank the commissioner both for the time she has devoted to this initiative and for her comments on the matter , which confirm the commission 's intention to develop a strategy consistent with that already presented in the green paper on space policy and with the initiatives on the galileo joint undertaking . libro
the motion for a resolution is a response to a growing concern : when we discuss the green paper with a view to the drawing up of a white paper - in other words , of a more organic commission proposal - we would not want to find ourselves in a situation where our goals are jeopardised by the severe crisis affecting the entire european space industry and , in particular , the new version of ariane ; nor would we want - and i believe this is one of the commission 's concerns - the impasse in connection with libro
we must learn lessons from this concerning the discussions held which will lead to the adoption , between now and the end of the year , of a white paper on the subject . libro
with this proposal the commission is keeping to the commitments it made in the white paper on european governance and in its action plan on better regulation , namely , inter alia , to give the council and the european parliament equal rights in monitoring and overseeing the executive . libro
we must not forget the conclusions of the green paper on energy , which clearly demonstrate that europe depends on its neighbours to guarantee its energy supply . libro
the priorities for the european community 's co-operation with angola are spelt out in the recently signed country strategy paper . documento
in addition to the 10 countries that have an approved proposal for the fast track initiative , all other developing countries that meet the eligibility criteria for this , such as a full poverty reduction strategy paper and a credible sector plan , can expect further support to implement their plans . documento
this ep resolution improves the commission proposal ( based on the 1983 green paper ) on environmental liability in terms of preventing and remedying environmental damage , by casting doubt on the positions advocated by heavy industry ( see the opinion delivered by unice ) which typified the proposal presented by the commission . libro
on the question of the death penalty , the other day the community paper , europe , printed article 13 , in which it says that , if the party in which the death penalty applies requests an extradition from another party that does not apply it , then the other party , that is , the european union , may stipulate that the death penalty must not be applied or imposed and the article ends : giornale
i would accordingly like to thank the commission and the council for having addressed in their paper and in today 's debate something that europe urgently needs : a wide-ranging public debate on this very issue , the geographical expansion of europe , not of the continent of europe , but of close political cooperation within the european union . documento
i confess that i was initially somewhat surprised that this paper bracketed together countries like libya and belarus in a single communication . documento
however , as you know , the commission will be publishing in the coming months a green paper on services of general interest . libro
i therefore believe that it is essential to press ahead with this process , not only through communications and green papers and so forth , but by working in close cooperation with the european parliament on a legal basis which enables us , the only legitimate representatives of the european citizens and hence the postal service users , properly to monitor this complex process , which profoundly affects the life of every individual , and ensure that it is economically profitable , socially just , and compatible with people 's needs . libri
it is clear , as you have just said , that you have found an escape route via the green paper on services of general interest . libro
when human rights are violated on a sustained basis , the sovereignty of the states simply remains on paper , further proof that such governments lack something that is essential to act on a truly sovereign basis . morta
i still do not understand why member states do not dare to simply put down on paper , in legislation , that a decommissioning fund must be transparent , that it must be used for the intended purpose and that the normal competition rules are to be applied . carta
mr president , why do member states not dare to put that down on paper ? iscritto
we consider it to be absurd that total liberalisation is being forced on us when the debate on the green paper has just been opened and we have not even had time to examine the possibilities of creating a framework directive to safeguard public services . libro
having been in this house for a long time , let me point out that this process actually began at the end of the 1980s - with the absurd variation , incidentally , that the white paper on the internal market made no mention of energy - and that , at that time , it was by way of the european court of justice that the attempt was made to open up the internal market . libro
this is happening at a time when the commission , with its green paper , is launching the debate on services of general interest ! libro
today , they are simply telling us what is in the papers . leggiamo
constitutional amendments on paper , or new laws on paper , will not be enough on their own . NULL
paper is patient ! carta
there is no point using excellent fine words that we put on paper if we do not have the follow-through on both sides of the atlantic and if we do not deliver . carta
the report concludes with specific proposals calling on the commission to conduct a comparative performance analysis between countries and models , to undertake studies on the forms of participation which are most suitable for small and medium-sized enterprises , where the problems are different , and to proceed to draft a paper on trade union and management aspects , attaching , of course , special importance to the issue of gender equality . relazione
mr president , the recommendations on health are some of the most important action points in the white paper on food safety . libro
the good intentions of the communication must now be put into practice and must not be allowed to remain merely a theory on paper . carta
what is significant , however , is that the convention has presented the results of its work in a joint paper , which will be submitted to the summit without an alternative . documento
the roadmap may exist on paper , but what we have to do is to create the whole path with an objective which , for the first time , the whole quartet , and not just certain countries , recognise . carta
otherwise , however magnificent the papers we produce on the subject might be , they will again be simply papers and nothing else . documenti
for the individual taxpayer , it exists solely on paper and is a mere mirage , devoid of substance . carta
if nobody feels responsible , if organisations each work in a vacuum , legislation remains a paper exercise . morta
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as time goes by , we in this parliament find ourselves passing into law many proposals for legislation introduced by the commission following on from its white paper on food safety . libro
when i arrived , i made commission reform one of my priorities , and i remember that we issued a white paper as early as march 2000 . libro
i very much welcomed your initiative and i am also delighted that the thessaloniki paper , that was prepared together with the commission , has been adopted , because it contains much of what parliament has demanded . documento
it would be nice if the eu and the council could actually agree to implement the decisions that they make in papers of this kind . documenti
the paper tabled here is the beginning of a joint reply of this kind . documento
that is why this paper can only be a beginning , a beginning with important statements . documento
as far as i am concerned , paper traceability instead of factual traceability is a mistake . cartacea
different materials such as paper , metal , glass and plastic must compete on an environmental quality basis . NULL
there is one paper recycler , little plastics recycling , no metal recyclers and the only glass recycler in the country has recently closed down . carta
we must recapture the spirit of the delors plan and two powerful principles contained in the commission 's white paper on transport policy , which i am afraid we sometimes all appear to disregard : investments must serve not just to fill europe with infrastructure but to promote economic and social cohesion too . libro
i have just , very belatedly , come across your programme in english - i do not , unfortunately , read italian - and i see that there is again talk of jacques delors 's white paper . libro
you said a few nice friendly things that could easily have been copied from a daily paper . quotidiano
i would also be grateful if you could confirm that your government has issued a paper entitled environment as an opportunity , which envisages that the italian presidency should use these six months to limit eu environmental legislation and downgrade it . documento
if that is correct , mr berlusconi , i presume that you will have the paper pulped immediately and condemn it as being illegal . macero
householders will move towards separating glass , paper and plastic from general rubbish , and business will have to work with local councils to fund new equipment and set up new installations to deal with the flow of materials . carta
from this point of view the directive is more ambitious , since it establishes targets for the recovery and recycling of packaging waste , especially for the following materials : glass , paper , plastic , metals and wood . carta
this was agreed on in the white paper , but , having now participated in the debates in this house tens of times in my four years as a member , i do not anticipate a conclusive approach just like that in the very short term or even the longer term , and , in that context , some caution is in order . libro
to this end , and according to the data in the white paper on transport , the railways and ships should absorb an extra 39 % in terms of tonnes of goods per kilometre than it currently does , which when added to its own trend of increase , which is now 29 % , would mean a 68 % total increase in its capacity for traffic , which i do not believe can be financed with the reduced budget . libro
let me finish by repeating what i said when the commission published its third consultation paper in july . documento
just imagine a ship which has a crew with fake papers and who perhaps cannot even read those fake papers ! documenti
there will be territorial boundaries marked on paper which are figurative , invented , not uniform de facto geographical realities . carta
mr president , firstly we welcome the reduction , if not the complete elimination , of paper quotas : this is a more realistic approach . carta
the commission says that this is too difficult for all sorts of reasons , though it was one of the focal points in the recent partnership agreement discussion paper which the commission produced . documento
only 9 of the first 61 country strategy papers had health as a focal area for cooperation . documenti
the evolution of those discussions has , in part , taken in commissioner kinnock 's reform programme and the white paper on governance from mr prodi . libro
we have compared our attempts to the somewhat similar ones to broaden participation in the discussions in the poverty reduction strategy paper process , handled by the world bank with the same countries in most cases . documento
finally , we consider that it is very important to have a green paper in order to promote the coordination of the member states and the regions in the sector of the cultural industries , so that obstacles can be analysed , solutions suggested and a way found for the public and private sectors to cooperate , to promote competitiveness and to improve european citizens ' access to culture . libro
commissioner , you are to be commended for the many initiatives on energy that you have introduced over the last four years , not least for the green paper on security of supply , for which i was parliament 's rapporteur . libro
that means that procedures would have to be simplified , that we would need less paper and more responsible officials . cartaceo
that will not be done only by pithy strategies or action programmes written down on paper - which , of course , does not blush ! carta
in the important debate about services of general interest , that followed the adoption of the commission green paper , consumer interests are amongst the core issues on the table . libro
for those like me and my party , who believe in membership of the european union and in a europe of nation states cooperating closely together , this rush to integration that is represented in the convention paper risks a backlash from the electorate . documento
we should welcome the european union 's declaration that the increased use of renewable sources of energy is one of its objectives and the commission 's definition of binding objectives and timetables in its ' renewable energies ' white paper . libro
consequently , on numerous occasions you see that we make plans on paper . carta
consequently , what is urgently needed is for proclamations and all these plans on paper to find some response in reality . carta
the commission 's white paper again made that clear not long ago . libro
not all documents are printed exclusively on paper anymore . carta
in our stocktaking paper on the world summit follow-up the commission plans to submit to parliament and to the council a detailed report on both initiatives . documento
the first year has passed and there has been lots of talk and plenty of paper , but if the targets are to be met , we need to see hundreds of wells , thousands of septic tanks , tens of thousands of pipes being laid each and every month . inchiostro
during 2002 , the european ombudsman also made essential preparations for the forthcoming enlargement of the union and became one of the first eu institutions to reach out to citizens in the languages of the candidate countries , both on paper and electronically . carta
i have voted with satisfaction and relief in favour of the excellent report by my colleague , mr bodrato , concerning the green paper on european space policy . libro
europe will take up the challenge of space if it takes strong measures in response to the white paper to be presented in december and if manufacturers engage in restructuring in order to become more competitive . libro
in this way we can truly achieve the aim set down in the commission white paper – and i am grateful , commissioner , that we have always followed the same line here – to restore rail transport to its former market position by 2010 and to transfer as much freight as possible to the railways . libro
judging from the reactions to the white paper , that has broad support . libro
with regard to his second question , the commission services ' third consultative paper – the so-called cp3 of 1 july 2003 – no longer refers to a specific granularity criterion to distinguish retail from corporate loan portfolios . documento
this all sounds good on paper but it depends entirely on the political will to implement . carta
i also support other draft amendments , which make a positive contribution to the recovery of the rail sector and establish a balanced relationship between the modes of freight and passenger transport , following the principles defined in the white paper on european transport policy . libro
in this way , the green paper on entrepreneurship and this report , which comments upon it , presuppose that ‘ entrepreneurs are the driving force of the social market economy ’ . libro
even though i do not agree with everything in the commission ’ s green paper or in the parliamentary report – i particularly regret that more attention was not given to the issue of small- and medium-sized enterprises – i am very pleased that the eu is resolutely engaged with the problems surrounding the entrepreneurial spirit , and i hope that the member states will follow this example . libro
when questions are asked , it is good to know how they are asked and why they are asked and , above all , once there are results , it would be right and proper to not let the press – and certain papers – know about them first but to inform parliament and the public as a whole about them . stampa
the next item is the commission communication on a comprehensive monitoring report and strategy paper of the commission on the progress towards accession by the candidate countries . documento
in our strategy paper , we have linked turkey ’ s desire for accession to the cyprus issue . documento
leaks are a regular occurrence as soon as papers leave my office . documenti
when , at 6 p.m. last friday evening , in accordance with commission rules , we had to dispatch the papers , i was in no doubt whatever that my weekend was , so to speak , done for – and so it was ! documenti
in addition , as far as i am concerned , it makes absolutely no sense , when we are dealing with a technical and legal regulation , to be suggesting that it should be doing the work of country strategy papers in the countries that we work with or the work of the national indicative programmes that we work with . documenti
so as to comply with the basic principles of the reform of external assistance , which requires flexibility in order to adapt cooperation to the specific needs of our partners by means of country strategy papers . documenti
the problem – at least that of the proposed 35 % for social infrastructure is rather theoretical , since in current country strategy papers for asia and latin america , 50 % and 46 % respectively have already been earmarked for social infrastructure . documenti
i believe any beneficiary of eu funding should be obliged to indicate in a prominent place such as websites , annual reports and even on headed paper the fact that they are in receipt of eu grants . carta
what we are dealing with today is the first initiative , in the form of a green paper , aimed at considering , together with other instruments , the future proposal for a framework decision which will regulate – as its title states – the minimum rules on the procedural safeguards for suspects and defendants in criminal proceedings throughout the european union . libro
the green paper sets out the reasons why the proposals have been restricted to the five rights which appear in it : legal aid , translation and interpreting , information about rights , the protection of vulnerable suspects and defendants and consular assistance . NULL
i believe that the approach which has been taken in drawing up the green paper is sensible , because it is still an undeniable reality that criminal jurisdiction is the central core of the sovereignty of the states , and is therefore very inflexible when it comes to establishing substantial common procedures and systems . libro
a proposal for a framework decision is planned by the commission as a follow-up measure to the green paper if the main ideas that we have put forward deserve the support of this parliament . libro
regarding the recommendation made by the rapporteur to include provisions governing other fundamental rights such as the right to bail , or rules on the admissibility of evidence , the commission explains in the green paper that these two very important areas will indeed be the subject of separate measures of their own in order to do them justice . libro
in the work programme for this year , there is also a green paper on the approximation , execution and recognition of criminal sanctions in the european union . libro
regarding fairness in handling evidence , this area is too vast to be covered in a green paper that already proposes several rights , as does the current one . libro
the replies to this questionnaire are now arriving and are a useful source of information which is being taken into account in the process of preparation of the two green papers mentioned on pre-trial detention and approximation , mutual recognition and enforcement of sanctions . libri
. mr president , i have taken the floor to stress the importance of this green paper – for i feel it is my duty to do so – and , therefore , to congratulate commissioner vitorino on the contribution he has made with this green paper to the building of an area of freedom and justice . libro
the green paper represents a change of course , commissioner vitorino , a radical change of course from tendencies which are not quite democratic , giving precedence to powers of investigation and investigation alone , also in a supranational form . NULL
mr president , i believe that the motion for a resolution contained in mr hernández mollar ’ s report considerably enhances the commission ’ s green paper on procedural safeguards , thanks , not least , to the contribution of numerous amendments by all the political groups . libro
the principal contribution made by the draft resolution is the detailed identification of the specific content of the rights already examined by the green paper : legal assistance and defence , which must be free of charge for those who need it and be provided by expert professionals ; the guarantee of full , adequate interpreting for speakers of other languages ; the right to consular assistance and to adequate protection for vulnerable persons , especially – but not solely – minors . libro
in parallel terms , i can say that the green paper on bail is ready and will have to be discussed by the commission . libro
to mr turco i should like to say that i do not even dare to imagine what would have been said if i had presented the framework decision before seeking the opinion of this parliament on the green paper : first things first ! libro
provided you vote favourably as regards the green paper tomorrow i can guarantee you , mr turco , that the framework decision has arrived . libro
the parliament has an agreed position in favour of simpler rules and procedures , and it makes no sense for a technical , legal regulation to do the work of country strategy papers and national indicative programmes . documenti
. the commission white paper advocates the principle of public participation in defining and implementing policy , which is to be welcomed . libro
first of all , in the framework of the country strategy paper on thailand dating back to may 2002 , the european union should turn its attention to legal aid , so that the seriously overtaxed legal system is relieved and the rights of the suspects are better respected . documento
they have , in fact , got the directive all ready on paper , and we would ask for progress to be made in that area in the meantime . carta
i am thinking of space policy , on which mrs mcnally and myself have just published a white paper , which has obviously drawn on this desire to develop new technologies and to develop technology transfers and to sustain this level of scientific curiosity , which is determined by the desire to go further because there is the potential to do so . libro
firstly , on the trans-european networks , when i arrived in this parliament , the talk of the town was the delors white paper , one of the main planks of which was european networks . libro
but , unfortunately – and we see this in practice – there are obstacles to fully attaining these objectives , some of which – as has been pointed out – are highlighted in the white paper by the former president of the commission , mr delors . libro
i would also like to say that , as regards the plan for sustainable development , the commission paper stresses , according to the european environment agency that the external cost of transport represents 8 % of gnp . documento
as regards enlargement , the december european council will be called upon , first and foremost , to evaluate the progress achieved in the negotiations with bulgaria and romania , on the basis of the reports and strategy papers presented recently by the commission , and thus to establish the timescale for the conclusion of the membership negotiations with these two countries . documentazione
commissioner reding , the european parliament has been calling for almost two years , genuinely united in its desire , for a proposal for a directive or , at least , a green paper , on media concentration and freedom of information . libro
the provisions of article 2 , which are usually the basis for agreements with dictatorship regimes , are not worth the paper they are written on . carta
in this context – and in my view , the paper does not focus adequately on this issue either – i would like to highlight the importance of public services , which we will be discussing next week in this house . documento
based on your statement this morning and the fact that a supplement to the code of conduct has again become necessary – describing how the commissioners themselves should ask questions and how the services and the directorates-general should be obliged to inform the commissioners about problems , or landmines – i can only assume that this has not been set down on paper or been common practice . bianco
the plan of action that he presented to us needs some commentary , and i would like , in the first instance , to deal with the continuing failure to sort out the issue of communication between the administration and the commission – by which i mean the commissioners , even though i can see how many measures already exist on paper ; the september 1999 code of conduct , the ‘ charter for delegated authorising officers ’ of december 2000 , and so on . carta
this proposal for a directive should be seen in the context of the strategy presented in the white paper entitled ‘ a european transport policy for 2010 : time to decide ’ , which states the desire to redistribute the tax burden between ‘ users ’ and ‘ taxpayers ’ and to pass on to ‘ users ’ the ‘ real ’ costs of transport . libro
the green paper on ports was clear , because it was determined to tackle competition among ports , particularly unfair competition and the implications of this unfair competition on the environment when new terminals are built . libro
for instance , for the country strategy papers , i can find no evidence that parliaments were consulted in any meaningful way , although civil society and ngos were quite rightly involved . documenti
i would say that this is an offensive move on the part of the council and also of their advisors , the , as they are called in italian , since coreper is the next level down from the council , and it is in coreper that the papers are prepared for the council , as the ministers are not usually experts in this field . documenti
when this house is told that the italian presidency of the council has managed to produce some tremendous conclusions , i ask myself whether this piece of paper is worth more than an international treaty such as the stability and growth pact . carta
why should germany and france see themselves as bound by this piece of paper when they could not keep to the rules ? carta
the leading german daily paper , the , spoke of germany and france as a ‘ ’ , as digging the european union ’ s grave rather than acting as examples to its other member states of how to do things . quotidiano
as we have underlined in the white paper , european governance standards for the collection and use of expertise need to be improved . libro
the commission had the same idea in mind when it adopted the communication on tripartite contracts and agreements last december , as it had promised to do in the white paper on european governance . libro
the commission is continuing to lobby very vigorously for the european financial prosecution service to be enshrined in the new constitution , and we then propose to table a white paper . libro
then , the barcelona council of march 2002 decided to create a european health insurance card , a card which will replace the current paper forms which european citizens require in order to receive healthcare assistance in other member states . carta
. – mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in the white paper on european transport policy , we set ourselves ambitious goals , especially as regards the improvement of road safety . libro
the ' piece of paper ' in mr berlusconi 's pocket turned out to be a -stained napkin with a few bad jokes scribbled on it . carta
in fact , the country strategy paper and the national indicative programme , totalling eur 298 million , were discussed by the edf committee on 20 november and we will try ensure that the implementation of this is linked to the implementation of the marcoussis agreement . documento
this proposal for a directive , which had already been rejected by the european parliament , forms part of the strategy put forward in the white paper ‘ european transport policy for 2010 : time to decide ’ , whose stated intention is to seek to redistribute the tax burden between ‘ users ’ and ‘ taxpayers ’ and to pass on the ‘ real ’ costs of transport to ‘ users ’ . libro
this directive appears amongst the proposals in the white paper on transport policy and , clearly , it is a preliminary step to establishing the new eurovignette system and to facilitating the payment by users of the costs of the use of road infrastructures . libro
as to how this relates to turkey ’ s application for membership , the commission made it clear in the strategy paper published in early november that it does see a political correlation . documento
– mr president , the commission has received broad support for the proposals in the green paper ‘ towards a european strategy for the security of energy supply ’ , in relation to maintaining access to community reserves of soft coal and maintaining a basic level of production to this effect . libro
while thousands of pages of printed paper and huge libraries and archives used to be needed for the storage of information , now the same quantity of information is stored on internet websites and computer discs . per
mr president , i should like to thank the members who have endorsed a paper that expresses solidarity with women accused of having an abortion and who are currently on trial again in portugal . documento
it is not , of course , an excuse for those ships that discharge oil into the sea but , on the other hand , nor should the member states only champion environmental protection on paper ; they must also apply in practice the provisions which they themselves voted through on this particular issue . carta
– mr president , the so-called nuclear package we are debating tonight was devised in response to the enlargement of the union and in particular to the green paper on safety in energy supply . libro
the next item is the report ( a5-0484 / 2003 ) by mr herzog on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the green paper on services of general interest ( com ( 2003 ) 270 – 2003 / 2152 ( ini ) ) . libro
mr president , may i begin by thanking this house and especially mr herzog , your rapporteur , for the remarkable efforts you have devoted to this complex and delicate issue that the commission raised in its green paper on services of general interest . libro
in its green paper of last may , the commission undertook its first full re-examination of community policies on services of general interest . libro
consideration can also be given to the adoption of a white paper , pending the entry into force of the constitutional treaty , which contains what we regard as several steps forward on this point . libro
in the meantime , a white paper could define the political framework for our future activity or else provide a road map for the pursuit of the sectoral approach . libro
commissioner lamy , you have just given us a wonderful list of the options that are available – framework directive , white paper , guidelines , exemption from notification and so on – but all that must be coherent . libro
it is for that reason that our group takes the line that the green paper must as soon as possible be succeeded by a white paper in which the commission will at last come clean , elaborate on the legal issues involved in a framework directive , and clarify what the potential options are . libro
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , not for the first time , but yet again , the debate on the green paper shows that services of general interest , the way in which they are provided and structured , are more than ever in the spotlight , not only in terms of political debate but also of the european public ’ s concerns about universal access to services . libro
the hopes and expectations aroused by the green paper were that public services would play a pivotal role in guaranteeing economic , social and environmental rights , that the true ambition of europe was to satisfy the needs of the greatest number in a society characterised by solidarity . libro
it is regrettable that the green paper was not a visionary document , but the fact that the rapporteur already had a view on the commission proposal before the proposal was made is downright premature . libro
the green paper rightly draws attention to the powers of national and regional authorities with regard to services of general interest . libro
this is not the end of the debate : this is a debate on a green paper and is the beginning of what i think will be a fairly long debate . libro
the commission green paper is certainly not before time , and deserves particular credit . libro
this green paper and this report , which proclaims the success of the liberalisation measures that have been taken to date , are very far from satisfying this need . libro
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the first thing we have to bear in mind is that this is not a legislative procedure , but we are discussing our position on the commission ’ s green paper . libro
although we had asked for something else , the commission has responded to the langen report by presenting us with this green paper . libro
in point of fact , the very purpose of the green paper we published last year was to open the broadest possible debate on a highly complex issue , and our feeling in the commission is that a year is not an unduly long time for a debate with civil society , with you and with a number of representatives of economic and territorial interests . libro
. in this debate on the herzog report on ‘ the green paper on services of general interest ’ , which was watered down by the committee on economic and monetary affairs , we reiterate the need to adopt proposals that acknowledge the importance of high-quality public services , which guarantee all citizens the right of access to these services whilst respecting the specific characteristics of each country . libro
. mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , parliament is today responding to the commission communication on an operating framework for the european regulatory agencies , in which , as a follow-up to the white paper on governance , the commission presented the general conditions for creating new agencies , the framework within which they are to carry out their activities and the commission ’ s own responsibilities as regards supervising those agencies . libro
parliament is pleased to note that due account was taken of its positions , which had already been set out in the resolution on the white paper , with responsibility for the creation of agencies being attributed to the explicit choice of the legislator , on a case-by-case basis , through an act based on the provision of the treaty which constitutes the legal basis for the specific community policy which is to be implemented . libro
the 2001 white paper proposed that the commission set out parameters , more precise criteria , for the creation , operation and supervision of these agencies . libro
. – mr president , in my turn i should like to thank the speakers from the european people ’ s party , european socialist and liberal groups , who expressed their support for the proposals that mr fischler and i have developed and for the paper that we have tabled both in the council and here in this house . documento
your own helmut kohl also did his bit , with the schäuble / lamers paper . documento
the proposal is based on the following assumptions : recognition of five levels of qualification , initial continuous training , the free movement of professional services and not of pieces of paper ; consultation with the professions ; the thresholds proposed by recognised bodies ; compliance with authorised national structures , whether bodies , colleges or associations ; pro-forma registration ; equality of rights and duties ; legislative certainty ; the elimination of bureaucratic red tape ; the mutual recognition of professions exercised in individual states and , where necessary , at levels higher than corresponding qualifications ; compliance with carta
i therefore agree with the rapporteur when she calls on the commission to publish a white paper on the completion of an effective and genuine internal services market as quickly as possible , in which emphasis is placed on public or private investment in research and development and which demonstrates considerable commitment to smes as a driving force . libro
this is a fact-finding paper by the european parliament , and i think that if , when it comes to the vote today , it is adopted with a similar passion and support as it was in committee , then this parliament will have a foundational document on which both it and the next parliament can build . documento
the paper prepared immediately in advance of the european council was particularly valuable and struck a very careful balance . documento
as a follow-up to the commission ’ s green paper on services of general economic interest , in which this parliament has shown such great interest , major priority will be given to clarifying the control mechanism governing the payment of compensation for costs associated with the supply of services of general economic interest . libro
on paper on 3 july 2004 we will create 25-country electricity markets . carta
with regard to services of general economic interest , we have obviously very closely followed the herzog report and the european parliament resolution of 14 january on the commission green paper on services of general interest . libro
with regard to follow up on the green paper , there still needs to be a debate within the commission on the nature of the proposal to be put forward . libro
so i started off well , but then i suddenly had to slow up because i thought about the kinds of cases that have been in the papers recently – the eurostat case obviously springs to mind . giornali
the next item is the oral question ( b5-0003 / 2004 ) to the commission , on the white paper on european space policy . libro
i would like to raise a number of points about the white paper and mr bodrato ’ s resolution . libro
the white paper talks clearly about a demand-driven space policy , while both the white paper and the previous texts and official statements clearly indicate that the aim is to use space for military objectives . libro
the commission has tried , as the white paper shows . libro
following that debate , the commission adopted a white paper , some of the important actions from which are raised in your question . libro
in the white paper , the commission suggests that the union should be able to be involved in keeping launch installations operational and in funding work and research with a view to defining a future space transport system . libro
finally , in the white paper , the commission suggests continuing the activities connected with the international space station , because by so doing the europeans will improve their experience in the field of prolonged stays in space . libro
i see no reference to this at all in the white paper . libro
the paper provides an impressive inventory of the extensive cooperation between the eu and the un that is already taking place , and of our support for un activities on a wide number of issues , ranging from conflict prevention to development aid and from crisis management to poverty reduction . NULL
mr president , the link between the common foreign and security policy and space policy is very clear , both in the commission 's white paper and in the resolution . libro
we have today voted in favour of the present resolution on eu space policy , just as we previously supported the own-initiative report on the commission ’ s green paper on european space policy on 9 october 2003 and the report on europe and space on 17 january 2002 . libro
when the communication came , it was , quite frankly , hardly worth the paper it was printed on . carta
moreover , the commission intends to publish a working paper on pandemic influenza preparedness and response planning , which sets out a series of steps to be taken by member states and the european community to address the threat of an avian influenza pandemic . documento
why is it that i read in the paper that at schiphol in amsterdam , disinfectant mats have been put in place , while this is not being done anywhere else in europe ? giornale
we need a european legal area for campaigns to legalise the status of people without papers , and last but not least we also need a right to freedom of movement for all people living in the european union . documenti
the main thing the european union can do in relation to terrorism is not at paper level , but in the area of pragmatic , concrete cooperation on a day-to-day basis between the various agencies in the member states and the european agencies , to make sure that the scourge of terrorism does not destroy the area of freedom , security and justice that we are building . carta
so we can never simply consider these matters on a legislative or paper policy basis . carta
one of the difficulties of getting 15 – shortly to be 25 – member states to agree on proposals lies in the need to have some elbow room , to negotiate with them and for them to express their positions on paper . carta
i ask parliament to at least understand that all the working papers – some of which reflect the shifting positions of member states – could , on the one hand , be thrown open to public scrutiny ; but on the other hand , the character of those papers would probably be altered if they were to be the subject of constant scrutiny . documenti
the flexibility and the willingness of member states to make concessions , once they had established a position on paper , could be significantly impaired if every single action in the deliberative process was to be thrown open to the widest possible scrutiny . carta
in december also , the council , while failing to agree on the european constitution , did at least agree that the paper presented by the commissioner and by the high representative entitled ' strengthening the eu 's relations with the arab world ' would be adopted in march . documento
therefore , in the white paper , which it must publish before april , the commission must give a clear ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ to this demand for a legislative act . libro
will you respond coherently to the consultation and the proposals on compensations in the white paper that we asked you to present here in april ? libro
so i want at the outset to state as clearly as i can that the commission does not intend to adopt any final package before drawing political conclusions from the broad public consultation on the green paper on services of general interest . libro
in fact the comments received from interested parties and also the discussion on the green paper in parliament have both shown that there is a broad agreement that such a clarification is not only necessary , but is also urgent . libro
given the urgent need for clarification the commission is considering extending the consultation started by the green paper to the specific aspect of financial compensations for public service obligations . libro
in conclusion , i re-emphasise that the commission will not draw any definitive conclusions in the area of services of general economic interest before it has presented its conclusions on the consultation on the green paper , which it intends to submit during the month of april , which is exactly what parliament has requested . libro
we have called upon the commission to present , by april at the latest – and we now hear that it will take all the time it has been given – a follow-up document , in which it will show what it has learned from the consultations on the green paper and make it clear where it stands on the possibility of a legal framework and what it proposes to do next . libro
as for me , i have the feeling that in this way we are holding a form of debate which almost found its rhythm until the white paper in april , while commissioner monti , during this time , has been presenting his ‘ packages ’ , in which he makes snap decisions on the issues and all of this without debate and without discussion . libro
today , the commission has just half-admitted this , and has promised that it will await the outcome of the consultations on the green paper before taking any decision . libro
before we spend another three years debating a white paper and framework legislation , he is making things happen . libro
following the completion of the consultations on the green paper , you reported on the general consensus on the need for clarification and legal clarity , as mr langen has just said . libro
yet where is that confusion , when the commission , in its green paper , is completely vague on the fundamental issue of funding , and when now , just a few weeks before the end of the debate , it tells us that it is now going to organise consultations on funding ? vago
finally , will you please indicate , especially in the white paper , whether or not you will now agree to prepare a legal act via the codecision procedure . libro
and this cultural change must be extended to all social groups , so that equal opportunities are real and not just symbolic , only existing on paper . carta
we need to be careful , for example , to look at the situation in the uk , where if you are prosecuted you appear in the paper , but if minor infringements are discovered , such as a cracked tile in a slaughterhouse or a piece of mouse dirt in a restaurant , this does not appear on the front page of the local newspaper . giornali
parliament demonstrated its determination to act against counterfeiting and piracy on a number of occasions , notably by voting unanimously on a resolution on this green paper and by signing a written declaration . libro
if i may now speak on the area in which i have been heavily involved , with the white paper on youth , the new youth programme and the old one , i have to say that , as a result of their increasing contacts through the recent consultation processes , youth organisations and the european youth forum have had their expectations raised very high . libro
most of these were identified by the italian presidency in the paper published ahead of the meeting of the european council in december , though others are also on the table . documento
in this regard , i would like to reaffirm , since you spoke of papers presented by the italian presidency ahead of the december council , that those documents , in our opinion , contain serious reversals precisely in this respect , and are therefore not acceptable to the european parliament . presentati
the report also points out the developments in the area of developing and implementing the , where much still needs to be done to build up the administrative and judicial capacity not only to have laws on paper and in parliament , but to ensure that they are implemented in such a way that they can play a real and positive role in the lives of citizens . carta
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , please remember that back in october 2001 , on the basis of the white paper , the commission presented to the council and parliament an initial proposed amendment of the decision on the guidelines and updating of the 14 priority projects approved in 1994 by the essen european council . libro
i would like to say that parliament will support you , in the council , to help you ensure that this programme does not exist solely on paper and that it does not end up with the essen syndrome , in other words that it is not just something that is talked about but has no future . carta
mr president , commissioner , we are at first reading , not at ‘ second first reading ’ , and i must say to you , as rapporteur for the report on the white paper , that the project you are presenting to us is organised and is in line with those recommendations . libro
everyone can therefore rest assured , because on paper , everything is regulated down to the last detail . carta
if we want to realise all the fine intentions that have been made on paper , a collective approach will be needed on a larger scale than is possible the basis of voluntary work by family members . carta
was the extremely slippery road surface to blame , or rolls of paper loaded too loosely onto the vehicle ; or was the accident that took the lives of 23 young people due to something else ? carta
we are looking forward to the commission 's promised green paper about the future of anti-discrimination legislation as a whole , and subsequently to new reparation legislation . libro
in the andean community , projects on statistics , customs , competition and trade-related technical assistance , together worth more than eur 15 million , are being implemented and there are plans to strengthen this form of cooperation in the forthcoming revision of the regional strategy paper , adding another eur 4 million to the economic regional integration objective . documento
the first objective is to adapt hygiene legislation to the general principles of food law set out in the white paper on food safety . libro
– commissioner byrne , today parliament is going to vote on a very important package , the one on hygiene , and i must say that the initiative started by the commission white paper on food safety to recast all food legislation has been one of the topics that have made this parliamentary term stand out , with its basic aim of assuring consumer health and safety , at least from a legislative point of view . libro
it feels almost like a symbolic act because we have almost concluded all the legislative work surrounding the green paper on food law . libro
as the commissioner said , we shall have discussions concerning the recycling of material , for the requirements have become stricter when it comes also to the use of plastic , metal and paper in packaging . carta
secondly , traceability is necessary , but our committee believes that this need not go all the way back to the tree from which a paper bag is made . carta
mrs thors in her earlier contribution made reference to the near completion of the work that we have been undertaking – the necessity to put in place the legislation referred to in the white paper on food safety . libro
in a general way , the commission , in its white paper on governance , declared that its executive responsibilities must be more clearly established and that the council and parliament should have an equal share in the control of the manner in which the commission fulfils its executive task . libro
among other things , this means granting official papers to those who are denied them wherever in the european union they may be . documenti
it is very easy to criticise other parts of the world ; it is more difficult , and to our credit , that we are prepared to look within the european union , the european parliament , the european commission and the governments working together to make a more democratic institution – not by any stretch of the imagination a super-state that needs to be feared , as we might read in the papers . giornali
a substantial adjustment of quotas has been carried out in order , among other things , to delete cod ' paper fish ' and align the fishing possibilities with scientific advice : no more cod , redfish in western waters or blue whiting ; and , in the european union fishing capacity , no more ' paper fish ' . capelano
problems connected with the legal basis would seem to prevent the use of data relating to identity papers , according to the rapporteur , and so the information should be confined to data on motor vehicles . documenti
any intervention would after all have to take place on the basis of a jointly agreed country strategy paper and a community action plan in which we must take the participation of the acp countries seriously . documento
despite all the changes on paper in turkey and the decision in favour of departments to set civil society free , it appears that implementation of the reforms has been extremely difficult . carta
paper can wait ; the future will tell whether they will be realised . carta
the human rights situation remains precarious , despite the reforms , which are mostly in place only on paper and are not being put into practice . carta
mr president , i thank our exceptional rapporteur for his and the soberness with which he approached his subject and the open mind with which he accepted our amendments which , contrary to what mr van orden maintains , do not want to take turkey back to terms which have already been satisfied , but want the reforms to be carried out in practice , rather than just on paper , as a fictitious reality . carta
as far as turkey 's progress towards satisfying the copenhagen criteria is concerned , on paper , yes ! carta
on the basis of the commission 's papers , the heads of government are now , in december , to take a decision on accession negotiations with turkey within a more precise time-scale and on more precise conditions . documenti
. the rapporteur takes the view that , unlike what was set out in the green paper on reform of the common fisheries policy , this proposal fails to give due consideration to the specific characteristics of the mediterranean sea . libro
the proposal falls in line with an approach similar to that adopted in the measures that have been implemented to date ; measures that have proven to be inadequate and which , given the failure of this management policy , have highlighted the need for a change of direction , as stated in the green paper on the cfp . libro
that is why i believe , and the ghilardotti report confirms it , that the commission has presented a very good paper here and a good action plan over all . documento
my group took the view that we should not do so in detail , because this is a paper about the company law action plan and not a social report or a social paper . documento
i should also like to point out that , just as we did when we were considering the green paper on integrated product policy , we have given our support here to measures applicable to smes . libro
i gather that on paper , a clear distinction has been drawn between the exportability and non-exportability of cash benefits . carta
mr president , commissioner , let me start by saying that my first thought is that i personally am sorry that a european charging mechanism closer to the ambitions set out in the white paper has not been provided ; one that is more universal which would make it possible , in particular , to go so far as to finance the trans-european transport networks from a european source of revenue . libro
from this point of view , we are well short of the ambitions which we set out in the white paper , and it will no doubt take us a long time to reach this objective . libro
mr turmes is right ; in the white paper , the commission found that compliance with the regulations on working conditions and rest and driving times in goods transport on roads is only patchy . libro
i watched them sign the paper in this chamber , and would like to know why those signatures have been deleted . documento
previously , we have also given our support to the resolution on the commission green paper on space policy , adopted on 9 october 2003 , the resolution on a uniform european space strategy , adopted on 17 january 2002 , and also the resolution on an action plan for implementing the european space policy , adopted on 29 january 2004 . libro
the regulation before us forms part of the follow-up to the commission green paper on european union consumer protection , giving substance to article 129 ( a ) of the treaty . libro
. following up the provisions of the green paper on consumer protection , this proposal for a directive from the commission is intended to protect consumers from unfair commercial practices by companies in the internal market , by defining what constitutes unfair commercial practice uniformly across the eu . libro
we have noticed over this period that the financial perspective , as mr colom i naval pointed out in one of his working papers , is indeed somewhat rigid and requires certain changes . documenti
however , i hope that you were also glad that i was there for some of the time as rapporteur on the white paper . libro
the report also identifies some defined areas where the proposals contained in the commission 's third consultative paper should be further improved . documento
the capital requirements proposed in our third consultation paper reflect that higher level of risk . documento
that rule must remain the same : reforms on paper must be put into practice . bianco
on paper , once again on paper , the use of this language is permitted , but in practice there are still numerous administrative hurdles . carta
turkey could have used the trial as a means of demonstrating that its reforms of the justice system exist not only on paper . carta
in this respect , i recommend that you read the paper of professor jean-paul fitoussi for the committee on economic and monetary affairs . documento
this paper broadly demonstrates that the stability and growth pact has slowed , and continues to slow , growth in europe . dimostra
blank or spoiled ballot papers shall not be taken into consideration for the purposes of counting the votes cast . nulle
blank or spoiled ballot papers : 53 nulle
– just one question , mr president : is there a minimum number that have to have a cross against them for the voting paper to be valid ? scheda
again , is there a minimum number of names that have to have a cross put against them in order for the voting paper to be valid , or is it valid if you put a cross by 2 , 3 , 4 or 8 – or indeed any other number ? scheda
the commission has already considered this subject , notably in its green paper in the mid-nineties . libro
711 votes expressed , 3 void papers , 44 abstentions and blank votes , 664 votes cast , 413 votes in favour and 251 against . schede
moreover , the debate is taking place at the worst possible time , as neither the committee on transport and tourism nor the plenary are in a position to consider in detail the icao ’ s position paper . documento
this morning , i read in one of the major german daily papers that the debate on this cuts right across group lines in this house , and that all the groups in this house present a diverse picture . quotidiani
the discussion was based on three papers . documenti
the pact risks being revealed to be a paper tiger ; confidence in the euro is shattered , and so the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe welcomes the promptness and decisiveness with which commissioner almunia has come up with proposals for saving the pact . carta
we already have some basis for consensus in the paper i presented to you today . documento
as the government of botswana pointed out in a very well argued paper , numbers have to be managed if the competing demands of people , vegetation and habitats are to be met . documento
the country strategy paper states that political developments have progressed over the past two decades , with enhanced democratic practices and increased respect for human rights ; but this judgment is unbelievable since the paper subsequently notes problems of arbitrary arrest , incommunicado detention , lack of an independent judiciary and restrictions on free speech , protest and freedom of religion . NULL
the food safety authority of which we spoke at the start of your mandate has remained partially on paper , and the council also has some responsibility for this : that is , it is not operational as we had promised . carta
over these past years , with the white paper on the new system of governance , the commission has tackled the problem of the eu democratic deficit , relaunching the concept of grassroots democracy . libro
it is true to say that even the most scholarly pedagogues and phd students would have some difficulty in finding any issue on which it was possible to slip a piece of tissue paper between what the high representative has said in the last five years and what i have said . pedagoghi
this area of freedom and justice must justify its name in the coming years , not just on paper , but also in practice . carta
it is therefore in this spirit that we intend to put forward proposals , following the green paper which we published with mr bolkestein late last year . libro
the commission is at present developing a working paper on a coordinated approach in europe to tackle alcohol – related harm . documento
fas is one of the possible topics to be addressed in the paper . documento
possible guidelines on these could be included in the commission 's working paper on alcohol , which is planned for next year . documento
the council has produced conclusions endorsing the main thrust of the communication , and india has responded with a very positive strategy paper . documento
it is not true to say that a framework is in place ; the fact of the matter is that there is only a piece of paper . carta
still to this day , though , it is a regrettable fact that , in ukraine , many of these ground rules of democracy and the rule of law exist only on paper . carta
there are also allegations that there have been numerous paper or technical candidates submitted by backers of mr yanukovych in order to distort the composition of the local election committees . fittizi
on enlargement , at the european council president prodi presented the progress report , the strategy paper and recommendations , as well as the study of issues arising from turkey 's membership , produced by the commission on 6 october . documento
the country ’ s interior is equally divided , and the 1997 constitution , under which civil rights , including religious freedom , are guaranteed , is not worth the paper on which it is written . carta
mr president , i also feel like rejoicing over what has been happening for the last ten days in kiev and almost throughout ukraine , over this massive , extremely determined and entirely peaceful demonstration in favour of strict transparency as regards the ballot box and the ballot papers , which have been falsified and manipulated by those currently in power . schede
in february 2004 the commission published a report on the degree of implementation of the actions proposed in the white paper on reform . libro
if you value those human rights , if you really think that torture should be forced back further , if you think that the kurds should acquire rights not only on paper but also in practice , then i urge you to vote in favour of opening negotiations . carta
the extended collection of documents , which , as you know , comprises a curriculum vitae , a mobility pass and other papers , is a standardised supplementary instrument . documenti
this is an excellent paper and i commend it to you , mr barroso . documento
our colleague , andrey shantarovich , actually went on hunger strike as a result of his paper being shut down . giornale
the commission ’ s white paper on the subject , as proposed by the rapporteur , will accord this issue a broader scope . libro
incidentally , in our regions , in western europe , we should take note of what malin bot has to say about the dubious role of western publishers who have bought up many romanian papers , and who , in his words , ‘ do not come to romania to defend democracy , but simply to make money ’ . giornali
where , in a number of areas , such legislation has in actual fact been enacted , it has been so on paper but not in practice . carta
ladies and gentlemen , i started my career as a teacher of modern languages , and when i was marking exams or homework i realised that i would become increasingly harsh as i went on , and that i would be much tougher on the last papers than i had been on the first – to such a point that i would take another look at the first ones to make sure that i had been sufficiently fair . valutavo
in a paper on the eu security strategy in 2003 , javier solana outlined the importance and sensitivity of europe 's new neighbourhood . documento
in studying the problem , i have identified seven sectors in which improvements are needed in practice , because on paper the system looks good , but on the ground experience to date has shown that it has serious shortcomings . carta
as the committee on employment and social affairs ’ rapporteur on the reach programme , i can do no other than reiterate the demand made in the working paper : if there is to be comparability , we need rules made by the european union , and , in the same way , rules laid down as standards by the wto . documento
the next item is the commission communication on the green paper on admission for employment . libro
mr president , mr schmit , ladies and gentlemen , i have the honour of informing parliament that the green paper on economic migration that i presented following agreement with my colleague , commissioner spidla , was adopted today by the college . libro
with this green paper , the commission wishes to make a contribution to the current debate , a debate begun with the tampere mandate concerning the most appropriate approach to the admission of economic migrants and concerning the added value represented by the adoption of such a common framework . NULL
the purpose of the green paper is , therefore , to gather new facts and up-to-date information by launching a public debate involving the participation of the greatest possible number of actors , including those from civil society , who are interested in a new european strategy in the area of economic migration – a strategy that the commission is invited to propose before the end of 2005 and that we have to regard as the cornerstone of a much larger political project , capable of preventing , combating and eradicating intolerance , violence and any form of extremism . NULL
finally , the public debate launched by the commission in the form of its green paper will enable the commission to collect a host of data and information that it will be able to use as a basis for preparing the proposals that are requested from it by the council and that we shall present within the periods laid down . libro
what part will be played in the green paper by the key issues referred to in the ilo convention on migrant workers ? libro
mr president , commissioner , we feel that it is certainly commendable that immigrants are at last no longer considered a problem , but a resource – as the green paper expressly states – and that we are aiming for a permanent multicultural and multireligious dialogue . libro
the green paper inclines towards the possibility – just a possibility , but one which we intend to comment on – of making the admission of an immigrant conditional on a job vacancy which it has not otherwise been possible to fill with european union workers , or on a member state ’ s specific needs in particular employment sectors . libro
mr president , commissioner , thank you for the green paper . libro
i have only just received the green paper , and so i have not had the chance to read the whole document , only the first few pages . di
mr president , commissioner , many members have not had sight of the green paper yet , but at this early stage we should set down for you some basic principles of what is a very welcome discussion . libro
obviously , this matter is not addressed by the green paper , but is the subject of integration policies which will be the focus of a commission action in 2005 . libro
i am not familiar with the green paper , but i would like this document to contain provisions to ensure that in future europe will not be suspected or accused , as has sometimes been the case with the united states , of causing a ‘ brain drain ’ from poor countries . libro
on a slightly different note , i have noticed that the green paper is littered with a great many questions . libro
that concludes the item on the commission communication on the green paper on admission for employment . libro
it is also important to note that the proposal does not prejudge the work on , or the outcome of , specific community initiatives , in particular the follow-up to the white paper on services of general interest . libro
the priorities paper tries to maintain the essential balance between economic , social and environmental policies . documento
one set of papers from mid-2003 actually dismisses rumours of planned restructuring . documenti
other papers show the perfectly normal forward-planning of language training for the 2004-05 period but suddenly , in june 2004 , the teachers learned of their abrupt dismissal . NULL
one of our so-called colleagues in this house , jean-marie le pen , is reported in an interview in the neo-fascist paper as having stated that the nazi occupation of france was not particularly inhumane . neofascista
regarding demographic development in europe , the green paper must quickly be followed up by practical measures involving , for example , lifelong learning , health systems that can be relied upon over time and research into neurodegenerative diseases . libro
as you all know , we have adopted a white paper which proposes a rather more effective information exchange mechanism . libro
we will be listening to the responses to the questions raised in the white paper . libro
i therefore agree with this work in progress , which is to be put into effect while we await the decisions that will be coming in the white paper , just as i also agree with the principles that you have just enumerated , commissioner . libro
in early 2006 we will be publishing a second green paper dealing with the gathering of evidence , which will certainly be followed by more complete initiatives on the implementation of alternative sentences as well as an interesting – and , i hope , extremely useful – initiative : a framework decision , which we expect to draw up during 2005 , on alternative control measures to temporary custody . libro
it is no coincidence that today 's agenda started with the commission working paper . documento
this will be explained in the new paper i am preparing which will also support greater efficiency and transparency . documento
this proposal complies with the demand parliament made in its resolution of 14 january 2004 on the green paper on services of general interest , and it is a sign that support exists for a control policy that focuses on cases that are key to effective competition in the internal market . libro
in its white paper on services of general interest , adopted in may 2004 , the commission announced that it would adopt a text on this issue in 2005 . libro
this week , the justice and home affairs council will hold its first debate on the commission ’ s green paper , which has also been presented to this house by my fellow commissioner mr frattini . libro
it is a green paper on legal immigration . libro
on the other hand , if anyone looks impartially at the proposed introduction to the text of the resolution , they can verify that while mountains of paper have been consumed , and earnest bodies have filled weeks and months formulating dozens of documents , in practice little progress has been made . carta
as rapporteur for women ’ s rights in turkey , i can say that , on paper , the situation of women ’ s rights is comparable to that of the european member states , although practice leaves a great deal to be desired . carta
indeed so , for we read in the , compiled by the european institute for strategic studies , that lothar rühl , former secretary of state in the german ministry of defence and the paper ’ s joint author , has summed the matter up in the following words : ‘ we have not avoided the presentation of scenarios in which the european member states ’ nuclear forces can influence planning . ’ coautore
this spring i will present a green paper on energy efficiency , outlining the concrete measures to be taken at community , national , regional and local level that will lead to those savings . libro
for this reason the commission intends to adopt by the end of this year a new green paper on security of the eu energy supply , with the aim of promoting a large public debate . libro
the input of the european parliament during the preparation and follow-up of this green paper will be vital . libro
we need to ensure that the millennium development goals and the country strategy papers are adequate in themselves and adequately followed . documenti
that being so , can we afford to have a european market for services that exists only on paper ? carta
it is the member states who are to blame for the fact that the lisbon strategy continues to be a paper construct rather than a feature of europe ’ s real economic life , as it is they who lacked the courage to reform the european union ’ s economies . morta
i was dismayed that the completion of the internal market was ranked well down the priorities in that original paper and there was only one page devoted to it in a voluminous document . documento
the commission is of course looking forward with great interest to the results on the unresolved issues that the green paper on immigration has brought to the notice of everybody here , without prescribing solutions , as you know , but stating the issues . libro
finally , the framework decision is less far-reaching , and therefore more realistic , than the green paper , and it is a good thing that the framework decision does , for once , give expression to the protective function of criminal law . libro
yet our aim is not and must not be to content ourselves with laws that exist only on paper . carta
in its white paper on european transport policy for 2010 , published in 2001 , the european commission highlighted the important role to be played by short sea shipping in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and stressed the need to simplify the regulatory framework . NULL
the european parliament supported these proposals for short sea shipping in its report on the white paper , adopted on 2 january 2003 . libro
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the importance of the development of short sea shipping has been stressed by the european commission , culminating in the white paper in 2001 on european transport policy , while the european parliament , for its part , has always been an ardent supporter of all these initiatives . libro
i believe that the directive can also act as a legitimate tool in the fight against illegal immigration , by restricting the entry of people who , arriving without jobs or any papers , and counting on straightforward social integration , very often are compelled to commit crimes in order to survive , sometimes even despite themselves . delinquere
it is something that is put in front of workers who are asked to sign away their rights to avoid employers having to negotiate or do paper work . documenti
thanks to the open political atmosphere in afghanistan , the free press has enjoyed great development and success , as demonstrated by the publication of more than 300 independent papers , more than 30 independent radio stations and four independent television channels in less than two years . quotidiani
we all know that national competences only cover the number of people who can be allowed to enter a particular member state , but there is a willingness among the member states to agree on certain common rules , and that is the aim of the green paper that we issued in january . libro
could you envisage the commission carrying out a study of this or producing a green paper showing us what effect market mechanisms in the monetary and financial sphere might have on china ? libro
the commission will , therefore , put forward a white paper on communication , which will address the role of all involved and which will give the other institutions the possibility to define and organise their input . libro
we have also been told that , following the signature of the peace treaty , the commission and the sudanese government together hammered out a country strategy paper . documento
as the object of such country strategy papers is the promotion of peace , democracy and human rights , the recent arrest of the human rights activist dr mudawi is more than disturbing , and gives cause to question the willingness of the sudanese government to pursue these goals . documenti
this is , perhaps , what makes it even more regrettable that the opposition paper , , has been shut down for a bogus reason , and the potential opposition candidate , zharmakhan tuyakbai , has suffered brutal physical attacks twice within less than a month . zharmakhan
what is the objection to making the position paper public ? testo
what is wrong with the position paper of 26 april 2005 ? documento
the next step will be the white paper and the results of the broad consultation process we will launch , which will , hopefully , lead to more consistent and efficient communication with europeans , which is our common responsibility . libro
from much of what has been said , and some of the very good ideas we have heard , i can see there is convergence with what we are now preparing in the white paper . libro
when our white paper has been published , we will soon have a chance to come back with a number of these principles and very concrete proposals . libro
alarmingly , independent journalists have been harassed for a considerable period of time ; three of them were murdered in 2001 , many others have been intimidated and their papers forced to close down . giornali
cutting the country off completely is obviously not the right way to go about it , but allowing those in power to shamelessly accumulate wealth , while presenting them with only flimsy paper protests about human rights violations , wrecks europe ’ s credibility . contrapponendogli
what is the use of having it down on paper that maltese is an official language ? iscritto
from the moment the possible takeover of the lse appeared on the pages of the financial papers , speculation started as to where the headquarters of the merged entity would be based and which regulator would get the power to supervise it . quotidiani
this is illustrated – to answer the point mrs van den burg has touched upon – by the questions raised in their issues paper . documento
the debate on the green paper will also focus attention on the energy services proposal and on its role . libro
so i really am grateful to the commission for producing this directive , and to commissioner piebalgs ; i really do appreciate , commissioner , your desire – which you have expressed on many occasions – to attach such special importance to energy efficiency , and to present a green paper on the subject before long . libro
following our deliberations on 22 working papers , our discussions with 17 committees , which have given their opinions , and also our hearings with delegations from the national parliaments , to which i attach great importance , this report can make good our claim , as an institution , to have analysed and assessed the commission ’ s proposals most carefully and most intensively . documenti
turning to other new policy areas , again the increase for freedom , security and justice looks generous on paper , with a proposal to double the 2006 levels . carta
allow a working party with equal numbers of supporters and opponents to get together and prepare a discussion paper with draft ground rules capable of uniting europe instead of dividing us . documento
i hope and wait for the commission to be strict here and we shall soon see how – with one eye on italy – it approaches the new pact and if it is worth the paper it is written on . carta
today the commission took important decisions on a green paper on energy efficiency and a new regime for the sugar markets . libro
seriously , what has become of the white paper on european governance ? libro
given that we perform an increasing number of services by modern means and a declining number on paper , there is the possibility of discrimination emerging owing to a lack of knowledge and experience in this area . carta
a strategy paper will draw on the results of this debate and tackle fundamental questions about the future of europe . documento
despite the good words and the good intentions , i have three separate conclusions about what we saw last weekend , what we read in the papers from britain , what we have seen in the news media over the last few days and what mr brown said in his speech last night . quotidiani
the task that faces us in this regard is to dismantle the barriers to free movement of services , for although services account for the largest share of the european economy , their free movement is a freedom which so far exists only on paper . carta
yesterday the commission took very important and courageous decisions : the green paper on energy efficiency ; a new sugar market reform – which shows , by the way , that the common agricultural policy can also be reformed . libro
the commission ’ s directorate general for health and consumer protection published a paper last year on the state of mental health in the european union . studio
the commission ’ s paper acknowledges that , even though standardisation of most mental health instruments has been completed through many studies , definition of mental health states is one of the most difficult tasks . riconosce
at the end of may , we received a position paper from the chamber of commerce and industry in munich and upper bavaria . comunicazione
on the other hand , the united states of america has a clear and concise constitution that runs to just a few pages of paper , with only about 27 amendments needed over the past 200 years . pagine
so , today , the european security and defence policy is not a piece of paper : it is making a real difference to thousands of lives across the globe . carta
let us find ways of repaying the debt repayments into those countries , into the millennium development goals , into the country strategy papers , and then debt can be a benefit rather than a burden . documenti
the legal conditions are there on paper , but we have yet to achieve success in this area , which is a key element of europe ’ s social objectives . NULL
it was not until the mid-1990s that the european commission drew up its first asia strategy and china policy papers . documenti
this first policy paper attempted to define a long-term strategy to address china ’ s swift economic and indeed political development . documento
mr president , although we are obviously looking forward to the proposal that we hope the commission will table by the end of the year , the issue papers that the offices of the commission have prepared in the run-up to the conference on audiovisual policy in liverpool at the end of this month have not been exactly confidence-inspiring . documentazione
we have recently received a paper from the commissioner , which we will be considering over the next few weeks , to inform our position on the question of administration and more specifically of posts . documento
the sri lankans are still shifting paper around while people are still living in tents . burocratiche
can the commission indicate in advance of the white paper that is scheduled to be presented later in the year any of the new initiatives that it will propose with a view to improving communication with eu citizens ? libro
therefore , the next step will be the white paper on communication , which is meant to engage all stakeholders and all institutions . libro
in this paper , the commission will set out the policy vision and the initiatives that it thinks have to be undertaken in the medium and long term , in cooperation with other actors . documento
the white paper will address the role of all the stakeholders and launch a broad consultation procedure in order to give them the possibility to define and organise their input . libro
i welcome the commissioner 's general response and i also welcome the white paper , but i do not agree with her . libro
no-one will say that the want to strike the wrong balance , but tellingly the presidency 's paper does not even have a chapter on civil liberties . documento
he also , citing cultural sensitivities , rejected the fingerprinting of asylum-seekers , even though that is often the only way to positively identify those who have arrived without papers , and that would make it virtually impossible to determine whether a person had applied for asylum in more than one member state . documenti
another proposal relates to the drafting of a white paper on the objective of territorial cohesion and in particular on how this objective is to be incorporated into the national strategic plans that the member states are currently in the process of drawing up . libro
i would also like to inform you that my services are currently preparing a working paper on the cities ' contribution to growth and jobs in the regions . documento
this paper will complement the community strategy guidelines and will be presented to the informal ministerial meeting on sustainable communities in bristol in december of this year . documento
the proposal concerning the relevance of potential accelerated work on the white paper on territorial cohesion should be considered seriously . libro
however , in july , the committee on regional development adopted the own-initiative report drawn up by mr sérgio marques , in response to two commission papers on a stronger partnership for the outermost regions . documenti
that is why i support mr guellec ’ s idea of reviewing the regional contribution in 2007 in the form of a white paper or otherwise . libro
i therefore add my voice to the calls for the commission to draw up a white paper on this objective of territorial cohesion and to create a system of gauging the impact of community policy on territorial cohesion . libro
these are already being drawn up and so , while i agree strongly with the added value that the white paper would bring , we cannot wait for it in order to incorporate this dimension into the national strategic plans . libro
the commission sees it as being of the utmost importance that lawmaking should , in future , be significantly improved and made subject to rigorous standards , and has already decided that all proposals for legislation , white papers and policy statements underlying its work programme should be accompanied by comprehensive impact assessments . libri
but i am a little sad to see that the debate we have had in parliament was derailed , in the sense that we immediately started to talk about process : why did you not come with the paper to us first ? documento
although this particular little culinary offering , having been brought to us courtesy of the media , was not to our taste , we still find a juicy preferable to a dry piece of paper . carta
the purpose of this project is to establish a digital database of registered active property rights , which are presently recorded on paper in mortgage offices , together with a spatial reference . cartacea
i would like to say , secondly , that nobody has so far been able to convince me that turkey meets the political criteria ; it may do so on paper , but it does not in reality . carta
mr president , a few days ago , the flemish newspaper wrote that turkey ’ s future eu member state status was decided on a long time ago and that an anonymous eu top official had told the paper that the so-called open-ended nature of the negotiations was no more than window dressing and that , i quote , ‘ the phrase “ open-ended ” is included only in order to fool critics into thinking that no definite decisions have been taken ’ . giornale
that is why member states have welcomed the high priority that commissioner piebalgs has attached to making further progress and the recent publication of the green paper on energy efficiency , entitled ' doing more with less ' . libro
that green paper is currently stimulating considerable and – i would suggest – welcome discussion and debate as to how barriers can be overcome in order to deliver significant energy savings by 2020 . libro
the commission has already adopted a green paper on energy efficiency in june 2005 , which identifies the potential for europe to save as much as 20 % of its existing energy use in a cost-effective manner . libro
the commission is therefore taking measures to accelerate a european action plan on energy efficiency which will follow up the green paper with a series of concrete measures to achieve the 20 % potential ; increasing pressure for the full and rapid implementation of the new buildings directive , and pushing strongly for an agreement on the proposal for an energy services directive . libro
that is important but , in overhauling the white paper , we must also write more , and take more decisions , about alternative fuels and the renewal of our stock of vehicles . libro
i do not wish to end without asking the council , the representative of which is currently looking at a piece of paper with immense interest , to consider very seriously the effects of an intolerable reduction in the funds dedicated to technological research and innovation in the seventh framework programme given the current circumstances . foglio
a very good illustration of this is the change in this outcome resolution , when one compares its original appearance with the way it has ended up – only a thin paper now remains . carta
rather , the challenge on the basis of what i and some members of this parliament have made clear today is that we need to give tangible expression to the words agreed back in the united nations millennium review summit only a few days ago , and ensure that the further words that are now on paper can be translated in the weeks and months ahead into further action . carta
mr president , mr alexander , i would like to call to your attention the fact that there is a province in northern serbia named vojvodina that had the same status as kosovo before 1989 , whereas now it is practically a ‘ territory on paper ’ only , without a status . carta
with regard to this , i had suggested that the high commissioner for foreign policy should look into the incidents taking place in vojvodina as well as the causes of those incidents ; also , the english presidency should see the reality at last , and the commission should call the serbians to account for the lack of preconditions for a rule of law – and not only on paper but also in reality . carta
we should not allow ourselves to be blinded by institutions existing only on paper and polished reports – instead , we should wipe the blood of our very nations from our faces and prohibit further bloodshed . carta
two years later , in 1990 , two documents were published : a green paper on the urban environment and a report on urban areas in crisis . libro
the debate will be opened at the uk informal council on sustainable communities on 6 december in bristol , where we will present our paper . documento
i look forward to an extensive exchange of views on this working paper on cities with the honourable members of parliament . documento
this paper will also respond to your request to develop and propose models and tools for sustainable urban development . documento
i also want to say that we will take into account the gender dimension in our consultation on the working paper on urban issues which we are currently working on . documento
the rapporteur has produced an extraordinarily unhelpful explanatory statement , which is really little more than a blow-by-painful-blow account of a paper trail . documenti
we should therefore ensure that the posting of workers directive becomes more than just a piece of paper in our member states . carta
in a situation in which tibet is autonomous only on paper and not in reality , in which the dialogue with the dalai lama , having begun so promisingly , is either not continued or deferred again and again , and in which china still does not guarantee human rights , we must speak up and speak out , demanding that this state of affairs be brought to an end and that order be restored . carta
in the second half of next year , the commission will present a white paper in the field of ucits , which also play a role in the pension arena . libro
we are now preparing a concept paper on that matter . documento
the proposal for an action plan in respect of energy efficiency and the proposal concerning the draft green paper , aimed at guaranteeing safe , competitive and sustainable energy sources , are along the right lines . libro
we are curious as to what the green paper – which should have been available some time ago – will contain , and it will certainly be the subject of vigorous and serious debate . libro
there are three communications and a green paper , and these are things i welcome ; but there is no legislation at all . libro
all citizens must be able to have their rights upheld before the court ; if not , the eu anti-discrimination policy is not worth the paper it was written on . carta
one example that springs to my mind is mediation , where we were given a draft directive to examine even though we had said , when the green paper came out , that this was an area to which subsidiarity applied and there was no need for legislation on it at european level . libro
do we really need a european green paper on the rights of married and unmarried couples , such as the one that is planned ? libro
for a moment , i was concerned when they came up with this ‘ room paper ’ , but i am very pleased that the commission has now decided to support the main policy represented by the big three groups in parliament . attimo
following the white paper on european governance , the european parliament adopted its position in the form of a resolution of january 2004 . libro
. – in the white paper on european governance , the commission is proposing that the european regulatory agencies should have a legislative framework . libro
the white paper on european governance states that the european regulatory agencies help to implement and apply community principles effectively , and that the role they play and the checks they carry out are of considerable significance in political and institutional terms . libro
the honourable member is no doubt aware that the council has been actively considering the issue and that the commission has produced several staff working papers on the technical aspects at the request of the council . documenti
nevertheless , the commission has argued in its staff working papers that there are good reasons to prefer a common approach to ticket levies . documenti
i shall soon present a joint paper on the eu ’ s overall policy on kosovo with javier solana . con
secondly , it is very important , given that a joint paper is to be drafted with mr solana , as the commissioner said , for the european union to have specific negotiating tactics on specific points , so that we can help to address the problems which arise and , at the same time , so that all this together can constitute its european prospects . documento
i can also ensure that , in the joint paper with mr solana , we outline our objective of a balanced and sustainable settlement . documento
for the first time they received a voter ’ s card which , to a certain extent , also served as an identity card , which was something new for those people who had never had any real papers . documenti
the energy services directive which we hope to agree by the end of the year is expected to provide a challenging first step , while the commission ’ s green paper on energy efficiency published at the end of june should set the future blueprint for europe ’ s energy efficiency strategy to 2020 . libro
as mrs beckett said , the commission has also adopted a green paper on energy efficiency . libro
that brings me to the comments by both mrs lucas and mr smith , who quite rightly praised the ambition of the wijkman report in setting a target of a 60 % reduction in emissions by 2050 , without apparently being aware that this is the target the uk government set in its own energy white paper in 2003 . libro
much of the leg-work had , of course , already been done by the european commission and published in its excellent paper ‘ european values in the globalised world ’ . documento
if i may say to president barroso , i thought that paper was one of the best and most insightful papers that i have read on the future of europe and its nations in the last three years . comunicazione
searching for the resources to better tackle the demographic challenge : as from the beginning of next year , we will present the results of the consultation launched at the beginning of the year by issuing a green paper on demographics . libro
that is why the commission will present a concept paper , examining the way in which we , the european commission , together with the council and parliament , can contribute to strengthening the external coherence of the union . documento
i have no desire to repeat right now all the things that have been said about the future of europe , about the commission ’ s paper , and about globalisation , but what is crucial is that we should accept what is at the heart of globalisation – the fact that we are one world and becoming more and more so ; on the other hand , though , globalisation is not just something for us to endure , but rather something that we can shape , and by that i mean that we can , through political action documento
one press agency reported that many papers could not recall a more useless and shallow example of posturing with no outcome . quotidiani
one paper talked of a bizarre show of relaxed leaders who dodged the most crucial issues facing europe . quotidiano
instead , the presidency produced a couple of discussion papers written by academics and even these were not discussed . documenti
again all we had were a few worthy but irrelevant discussion papers . documenti
i welcome the papers that were presented at hampton court , because they deal with how the european union can bring added value to our citizens , particularly in the area of the energy markets where we have a crisis waiting to happen . NULL
on the issue of transparency , which mr kirkhope raised with me , we will shortly be circulating an options paper with ideas for improving transparency , and essentially will be putting two options before the council . documento
an options paper will be issued in the coming days and it will be discussed by the antici group before a discussion in coreper ii . documento
when we issue proposals in the coming days , setting out to partners the possible options for increasing transparency in the council , i can assure the honourable member , who has spoken with eloquence in terms of the importance he attaches to this issue , that we will be discussing this paper with the incoming presidencies and also with the council secretariat . testo
these options will be taken forward in coreper , as i said previously , on the basis of the options paper at the antici meeting later this month . antici
we have instead decided to set out an options paper which will be issued in the coming days of our presidency and will then be discussed at the antici before discussion at coreper ii . documento
if it would be of help to the honourable member , i shall certainly ensure that he receives a copy of the options paper when it is issued . documento
chemicals legislation has to be effective , and not just a paper tiger . carta
the european commission in its green paper on defence procurement is setting about reducing trade barriers in this sector and opening it up to competition . libro
i am pleased that the uk government has also welcomed the green paper as an important and timely initiative to open up a debate on the operation of defence equipment markets in europe . libro
as you will be aware – and i think that parliament will be able to offer very effective help here – in this connection i have made a proposal , currently being debated by the council , to quickly implement an action plan , an action plan that does not consist only of words , no , an action plan comprising genuine and tangible commitments , such as , for example , a joint country strategy paper for the member states and the commission . preveda
we are forgetting that it is not only pieces of paper that determine the political and economic situation . carta
i welcome the work carried out by parliament in reacting to the commission ’ s white paper of october 2004 . libro
that is why the report which i am presenting to you takes account of the proposals in this white paper and of the demands of the white paper for transport and the trends emerging in the international environment . libro
mr president , commissioner , mrs kratsa , ladies and gentlemen , tomorrow parliament will be voting on the contents of the white paper . libro
the work programme includes a green paper on the evolution of labour law , which is expected to launch a wide debate , in which the eu institutions , member states , social partners and experts will participate . libro
since this is , of course , not in keeping with the politically correct image that we have , this report ’ s conclusions were confined to the waste paper basket . cestinate
the idea of setting up this initiative was born out of the evaluation of the results of the green paper on equality and non-discrimination in an enlarged european union . libro
in order to take stock of the progress that has been made in fighting discrimination and to gather opinions on how the union might step up its action in this area , the commission set up a broad consultation in the form of a green paper entitled ‘ equality and non-discrimination in an enlarged eu ’ in may 2004 . libro
this green paper gave rise to the idea of setting up a ‘ european year of equal opportunities for all ’ in 2007 , an initiative with four objectives , namely to raise public awareness , to encourage debate , to celebrate diversity and to promote respect and tolerance . NULL
we tabled an options paper last month . documento
the presidency tabled an options paper on improving council transparency in november 2005 . documento
that is why all member states must get down to effective market control , for without this market control , this directive remains a paper tiger , as was already the case with the previous directive . carta
in her excellent paper on the functioning of a fisheries association in cangas , in the spanish region of galicia , dora jesus noted that when that particular fishing community enjoyed exclusive fishing rights in the area , or , more precisely , when it took on the rights and duties of owning natural resources and began to manage its own primary control and sanction systems , it succeeded in recovering stocks of goose barnacle and in making the species ecologically and economically sustainable in the area covered by the association . studio
the strategic discussion of 2001 , when control strategies were among the most important axes of the green paper of that year , led to the fisheries control agency being set up in april 2005 , and this may yet , in my view , herald a new era . libro
thirdly , it is calling on the commission to draw up a white paper on possible developments in eu citizenship . libro
in its white paper on the development of citizenship , therefore , the commission should provide for all appropriate measures to improve the conditions for exercising these rights and to guarantee that they become fully effective outside of the union too . libro
it pursues the same objectives as the previous proposal , namely to ensure that port services are freely provided , in accordance with the provisions of the treaty – as confirmed by the european council via the lisbon agenda – the completion of the internal market in the port sector and the implementation of the conclusions of the 2001 white paper on transport , which put forward solutions designed to reduce congestion on the road network and to increase cohesion with the peripheral regions . libro
a fresh green paper or white paper , as is suggested by some , strikes me as a good approach and the commission can , meanwhile , focus on what is needed across the sector , namely clear rules on transparency with regard to government investments . libro
personally , i have decided to support a proposal whose fundamental principles and objectives are laid down in the lisbon programme and in the transport white paper . libro
the fact that people are calling for white papers or even green papers is evidence of a desire in this house for five years ’ rest from being europe ’ s legislator . libri
the european union should now do what it should have done before : consult ports , trade unions and shipping lines from scratch , starting with a blank sheet of paper , and on this proposal it should admit defeat . carta
above all , it seems that this proposal does not take account of the green paper being prepared by the commissioner for transport , mr barrot . libro
if the text were to be rejected , then i should like the commission to propose a green paper on port policy and to consult all of the parties concerned . libro
the commission will soon have to submit a concrete paper on this sensitive issue to parliament . documento
basically , the report attempts to introduce through the back door aspects of the reactionary european constitution rejected by the peoples of the εu , such as the taxation of european citizens directly by the εu , the strengthening of european parties , supranational ballot papers and so forth . sopranazionali
the necessity of adopting and developing a common eu approach will be addressed in a green paper on energy policy that the commission is currently preparing . libro
clearly , the development of a common approach to the external energy dimension will be a fundamental element in the green paper . libro
i really would press you to put forward such a programme as a matter of urgency , in the green paper at the latest , so that we will have a consistent policy that we can defend to the wider world . libro
what kind of solidarity mechanisms could enter the framework , and does the forthcoming green paper deal with energy crisis issues ? libro
we therefore welcome the green paper as well as the presidency ’ s programme . libro
although i do indeed welcome the commissioner ’ s announcement that a green paper will be appearing , i do of course hope that it will not contain such old ideas as the negotiation of codes of conduct for the countries by which energy is produced and those through which it passes , new pipelines or even nuclear power . libro
the presidency looks forward with great interest to the green paper , or rather to the appearance of the first parts of it in time for the spring summit . libro
secondly , the paper we are preparing at this stage has two authors : mrs ferrero-waldner and myself . documento
we have a green paper on renewable energy , which we are trying to promote by various means . libro
those initiatives are based on the results of the consultation launched with the green paper of 2004 . libro
in view of the fact that the european union is drafting a white paper with which it will endeavour to bridge the information gap separating it from its citizens , the content of the regulation under discussion is highly topical in the broader sense of relations with citizens . libro
. – mr president , this report by mrs ferreira is a very extensive , healthy , sound and also critical policy paper on the key fields of environmental and social policy , and i am obliged to her for it . documento
well before hampton court , when leaders clearly stressed the need for a new approach , the commission announced a green paper on secure , competitive and sustainable energy policy . libro
during this semester we shall also table a green paper on drugs and civil society , a proposal on the applicable law in divorce matters , and a green paper on conflict of law in the area of matrimonial property regimes . libro
austria has explicitly recognised in its white paper that the services directive is essential for completing the internal market and reinforcing european competitiveness . libro
following the rejection of this proposal , and for all reasons mentioned , i urge the european commission to enter into a vast consultation process with all parties concerned , also giving voice to those parties neglected until now and representing the demand side , and to propose an ambitious white paper on european seaports policy in its entirety , and this at the earliest possible opportunity . libro
the question on the ballot paper was about one thing only – the acceptability of the constitution – and the answer was equally clear . scheda
mr president , according to russian human rights groups , these so-called elections took place only on paper . carta
the commission has already presented a strategy paper and country reports on a series of enp countries , followed by action plans . documento
it seems that these provisions exist only on paper and that the countries in question continue to receive financial assistance in spite of blatant human rights violations . carta
i am thinking in particular of the suggestion to draw up a green paper on the reduction of these barriers , and of the call for better access to the structural funds and to risk capital funds . libro
it is not paper that we want to produce , but political substance . carte
in the country strategy papers , i shall ask for programmes and projects to be proposed directly involving these children and these disabled people . documenti
on my return from these working visits on the country strategy papers , therefore , the objective of which is to produce a proposal on programming common to the member states and the commission , with a view to becoming more effective and consistent in the definition of our development programme , i propose that i present you with a report . documenti
the issue will also be dealt with in the concept paper on the eu ’ s external project which president barroso announced at hampton court , now planned for the june european council . documento
i will base my remarks in particular on the operational programme of the council for 2006 , since that is the most recent background paper . documento
tomorrow , commissioner wallström will be presenting a white paper on communication as a means of boosting confidence in the eu , but , in my view , a thousand white papers , or a thousand measures , will make no difference if the european union fails to spend its funds wisely . libro
the authority of european union institutions is damaged if its undertakings exist on paper only . carta
it has become very clear – and this is also expressed in the resolution we adopted in the committee on transport and tourism – that the journey we started in 1992 with the green paper on the development of postal services in the european union has continued successfully to today . libro
the next item is the debate on the commission communication on the european communication strategy – white paper . libro
thank you for giving me the opportunity to present to you the white paper on a european communication policy adopted by the commission at its meeting yesterday . libro
this is the key message of the white paper . libro
the white paper is the commission ’ s proposal to respond to this challenge and to lay the foundation of a european union communication policy . libro
the white paper argues for developing a working european public sphere , where the european debate can unfold and citizens can participate . libro
the white paper underlines the importance of developing a true european political culture , with pan-european political groups , pan-european media and fora or meeting places where citizens can meet and discuss issues of common interest . libro
therefore , the white paper is a call to action by all eu institutions , by the european union governments and political parties , by civil society and the media in all eu countries . libro
the white paper proposes that these principles be enshrined in a framework document – a charter or perhaps a code of conduct – to which all the key players would commit themselves on a voluntary basis to agree on the principles for communication . libro
the second work area the white paper proposes is empowering citizens . libro
the white paper identifies three ways forward : to work more together on civic education , to connect citizens with each other and to connect the citizens with the institutions . libro
the third area in which the paper proposes working concerns the media and new technologies . libro
our white paper encourages debate on how we could improve our use of these tools to make more in-depth analysis and use that more efficiently to feed into the policy-making process . NULL
the white paper therefore launches a wide consultation process and invites all those involved to think hard about these questions and come forward with their own ideas . libro
on behalf of the ppe-de group , i very much welcome your white paper on a european communication policy . libro
however , you must ensure that this white paper does not merely remain a consultation exercise , inconsequential and detached from the very same people whom it is trying to reach . libro
the diagnosis is clear and the white paper is detailed in its prescriptions for dealing with the problem . libro
the white paper seeks investment in mechanisms , procedures and new technology to facilitate the channels of communication . libro
partnership is , therefore , also an important concept put forward in the white paper . libro
quite rightly , the white paper places some emphasis on opinion polling and the need to understand european public opinion . libro
the white paper talks about the need to listen to the people , and rightly so . libro
i welcome this white paper because it is kick-starting a much-needed debate . libro
this is what we want to do with our proposal in the white paper . libro
so there was no vote , but strong support for my white paper . libro
you will find some ideas on how to do that in our white paper . libro
by way of illustration , i make reference to the fact that , despite what we demand on paper , the debate sparked by the election of the new palestinian authority clearly spelled out that implementation depends primarily on the political will of the eu to assign priority to human rights issues over economic and political interests . carta
if the truth be told , however , in many cases human rights clauses in eu agreements with third countries have not been worth the paper they were written on . carta
to date , it has frequently been the case that fine words of european parliament resolutions on the defence of human rights have simply remained on paper . carta
i have since seen a preliminary draft of the energy green paper , which has been floating around the corridors of brussels , and was shocked to see that nowhere in it is there any reference to the need for new things to be done about heating . libro
in this draft green paper , incredibly , there is scant reference to renewable energy sources at all . libro
i hope that you , commissioner piebalgs , will be able to allay my concerns following the reading of this draft green paper , and also that you will again display the commitment to efficiency and renewable energies for which we know you . libro
as you know , the commission intends to adopt a green paper on a secure , sustainable and competitive energy policy on 8 march . libro
whatever you have seen to date , it is not the green paper . libro
the green paper will be adopted on 8 march by the whole college , and there will be no backtracking from energy efficiency and from renewable energies . libro
however , there is still some time before the commission completes its work on this green paper . libro
in accordance with the ambition stated in the commission ’ s 1997 white paper for a community strategy and action plan , ‘ energy for the future : renewable sources of energy ’ , we are eager to supplement the two directives on the promotion of renewable energy sources in relation to , respectively , electricity and transport with a third directive , this time in relation to heating . libro
just another thing on the subject of the green paper , commissioner : if we are to win europeans over , there needs to be a chapter in it with the title ‘ ’ that is what the people of europe expect of us , and you should not fall short of that standard . conquistare
the false antithesis must be done away with ; it must be removed from the green paper , too , and it is for that reason that i also endorse what has been said about that document . libro
i could quite easily describe the efforts of the last few months , and the mountains of paper we have had to surmount , but the only thing is that it would take me hours to do so . carta
europe needs a services directive that will ensure the provisions of the lisbon strategy do not simply remain on paper . morta
for this reason during 2005 , at the request of the council , the commission produced a series of staff working papers providing technical analysis of innovative sources of financing for development . documenti
– mr president , i welcome the measure taken last week by the commission , namely the green paper on energy , which i believe has emerged at a most opportune time . libro
subjected to violence as they are , these young women must settle large debts in order to cover the cost of their journeys and their identity papers .  
eu funds and national aid can do no more to change that fact than can guarantees of seven-year permanence that are scarcely worth the paper they are written on . carta
i am also stepping up monitoring activities in the field of media pluralism and will shortly publish a working paper on that issue . documento
the working paper is going to be a stock-taking exercise to capture the wide range of different circumstances across the member states , but at the same time – and i keep reiterating this – my views on ownership and media pluralism have not changed . l
the european commission has presented a green paper on energy policy , and that i very much welcome . libro
i read in the basic concept papers about the criteria for this . documenti
i welcome the call for a green paper on child poverty . libro
let us put the past behind us and start with a clean sheet of paper . ripartiamo
in the commission ’ s green paper we have highlighted six key actions . libro
the green paper invites everybody to contribute to this important debate . libro
i am very encouraged by the good reaction that our green paper received and by the very committed support of the austrian presidency , and i look forward to strong support from the european parliament for this new european union strategy . libro
my group welcomes the commission ’ s proposal to bring forward a concept paper so that we can discuss defence policy here in parliament and involve our citizens in the discussion of what our continent can become . documento
president of the commission , do you envisage that at the forthcoming european council meeting the governments can get together – perhaps we do not have the capacity and powers in the treaty to force them – to make a sort of intergovernmental agreement to decide to invest in the next two to three years in the goals you have recommended in your papers and recommendations ? documenti
steps taken by the presidency , and especially the commission ’ s green paper , are going in the right direction , although they are too modest . libro
we have to remedy that situation in the course of budgetary trialogue , otherwise our priorities will remain on paper . carta
after all , the european public are still being promised more growth and more jobs , but let us not pull the wool over each other ’ s eyes , for paper can wait . carta
it seems that the concept of the four freedoms underpinning the european union is something that , sadly , often exists only on paper . carta
restructuring is a panacea enabling today ’ s businesses to depict themselves to the world as success stories , on paper at any rate . carta
the destruction of jobs in france and in an enlarged europe will continue , despite our churning out tonnes of paper , which only express our powerlessness and our submission to the rules of unfettered globalisation and of the ultraliberal approach of zealous europhiles . carta
the next item is the report ( a6-0025 / 2006 ) by mr brok , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on the commission ’ s 2005 enlargement strategy paper ( 2005 / 2206 ( ini ) ) . 2206
mr president , first our misguided rapporteur welcomes the fact that the commission strategy paper ‘ advocates an outward-looking union ’ . documento
later on , we examined that concept during the accession negotiations , in some chapters in particular , such as that on the free movement of persons and the financial chapters , and more recently the commission also examined that concept in our 2004 issues paper on questions arising from the turkish accession perspective . documento
i would recommend this paper of october 2004 to all members of the european parliament . documento
the green paper published by the commission last week was very clear . libro
the prospect of a pan-european industrial context , relaunched by president barroso with the approval of the green paper on energy , at last gives cause for hope . libro
mr president , i too wish to welcome the ceasefire and the fact that weapons are being laid down and replaced with voting papers . schede
i am delighted at the support that parliament has expressed for our green paper . libro
the report includes a number of highly important points that merit a place in the new communication , which draws conclusions from the responses we received to our green paper and from impact studies financed through the pilot action which the european parliament organised . libro
in the responses to the green paper consultations , especially in the responses of the member states , great emphasis was placed on the need for better harmonisation of our private , family and professional lives . libro
i am surprised that the green paper on demographic change does not take greater account of health aspects . libro
however , i would take issue with the implicit and unreflective assumption in the green paper that a decline in population would have exclusively negative consequences for the established social system . libro
among these challenges , which the commission has not properly addressed in the green paper , are the importance of sexual and reproductive health , gender mainstreaming in all studies and policies , improving people ’ s living standards and greater economic and social inclusion and cohesion . libro
as the commission ’ s green paper on demography states , there is no economic growth without population growth . libro
mr president , there can be no serious discussion on demographic change if people are regarded as economic factors rather than individuals ; yet , in my opinion , both the commission green paper and the present report by mr bushill-matthews make that very error . libro
for example , it was stated that the green paper does not pay equal attention to two sets of problems , which is to say the problems in respect of the health sector and the problems in an international context . libro
we have seen a new process of making paper from straw , again using much more environmentally friendly chemicals . carta
out of a ton of straw you can create half a ton of paper pulp and a quarter of a ton of bioethanol . carta
lastly , i endorse the green paper , and the resolution , especially as it introduces the issue of security into the debate . libro
such solidarity is inalienable , as has already been highlighted effectively in the green paper . libro
i would ask the commissioner to have a green paper produced on this subject , so that , when disaster strikes , the necessary action can be taken throughout europe and also by our neighbours . libro
european union leaders have recently backed the green paper suggestions on developing gas and electricity interconnections . libro
on private damage actions for breach of the ec anti-trust rules , i look forward to parliament ’ s review of our green paper . libro
looking at the transport sector , we sometimes feel that we actually ought to rewrite delors ’ white paper in view of the many transposition deficits in this area , and if we were to face up to them and invest more , we could make progress . libro
by the same token , we should praise the green paper on a european strategy for a sustainable , competitive and secure energy supply . libro
. the reports produced by the european parliament regarding employment and social policies rehash a tiresome vein of european sermonising that , apart from producing a mountain of paper , has had no results at all . tiritera
the presidency of the council is currently drafting a paper on the prescription of quantitative targets in this area . documento
no wonder the people of the netherlands , having lost all faith in a further extension of brussels powers and in the proposed constitution which approved and backed this process , proceeded , by an overwhelming majority , to consign that document to the waste paper basket . cartastraccia
incidentally , a green paper on the development of employment legislation in europe will be published shortly , and will become , i hope , the basis for some very far-reaching discussions on the customs , methods and development of employment law and employer-employee legal relationships in the eu member states . libro
the whole situation positively cries out for a new joint effort on the part of europe , and the commission has done a first-class job of preparing the ground with its green paper , which the council has taken on board , also defining as its three objectives security of supply , the competitiveness of our own industry and the improvement of environmental quality . libro
it is vitally important that we consider this not only in economic terms but also in the foreign policy context , and that is why it was agreed that the commission , working jointly with the high representative , mr solana , should produce a strategy paper on the foreign policy dimension of energy policy . documento
i am thinking not only of the excellent reception given to our green paper on energy , but also of other practical proposals , including the one concerning the european institute of technology . libro
it endorsed the triple goals of our green paper : sustainable , competitive and secure energy . libro
it also set out the practical measures to be taken , including some of the 20 specific proposals set out in the commission green paper : a real internal market for energy , a coherent external policy , effective support for energy efficiency and renewables . libro
how , too , do you propose to carry on a debate about nuclear issues in austria and europe when mr barroso has deleted any reference to ‘ risk ’ as regards the atom from the green paper ? libro
the european council acknowledges in the conclusions the exceptional importance of creating a more favourable entrepreneurial environment and praises small and medium-sized enterprises as the backbone of the european economy , speaking of the need to support them and to support entrepreneurship generally , but unfortunately this is only a paper exercise . loda
the commission has published a green paper in a bid to explore this route . libro
the compromise reached yesterday on the negotiations concerning the financial perspective is certainly welcome and awakens some slight hope that the lisbon strategy will not simply remain on paper but will become a priority aim . carta
over and above this assessment and over and above the progress made during this presidency , the commission will present , in 2006 , new initiatives to be included in the action plan that i will propose in the revised white paper . libro
we shall have to show flexibility , however , as the routes are important not only for economic growth and employment , but also for the implementation of the principle stated in various white and green papers , namely that of shifting freight transport from the roads to the railways . libri
we are asking the european commission to release a green paper as soon as possible on the intolerable situation of the roma , in order to eliminate their exclusion from public health , and to ensure that the extremely poor quality healthcare services provided to them are brought up to european standards . libro
after all , regulation was used as a colonial instrument : the power of the paper , as opposed to the soldier in the village , to enact the imperial master ’ s wishes . documenti
country strategy papers and national indicative programmes between the european union and beneficiary countries generally include specific interventions in the fields of rule of law , democratisation , public administration reform , public finance management and reinforcement of civil society . documenti
that which has been committed to paper must be translated into reality . carta
that is why it is past high time that we put a stop to our recurrent feeble protests ; what is needed instead is for the united nations , nato , the usa , the european union and the african union to get together around one table in order , at last , to implement a concerted darfur policy that amounts to more than paper resolutions . carta
i would add that neither mr brok , mr moscovici , nor mr van orden have used the words ‘ a close monitoring system ’ ; they are only on paper . carta
looking at romania , on the other hand , it is evident , not only to us in this house , but also – or so it appears from their reports – to many national and international ngos and experts , that that rate has gone up and that there is definitely tangible progress , not only on paper but also in practice . carta
next week the commission will adopt a green paper on the european transparency initiative . libro
as part of the paper , the commission will propose the introduction of an obligation on member states to publish the list of beneficiaries of eu funds under shared management . documento
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , after years of examining the asset management sector , the commission , in august 2005 , presented a green paper and asked for comments on it . libro
this house ’ s committee on economic and monetary affairs has decided to respond to the commission 's green paper by producing an own-initiative report . libro
this will be presented in a white paper to be published in the autumn , accompanied by a comprehensive impact assessment . libro
the commission believes that the ucits green paper and the responses to it – including parliament ’ s report – have underlined the importance of measured but effective action in this area . libro
our white paper to be published in early november will define the steps needed to translate our shared ambitions for this important pillar of the financial sector into reality . libro
in fact the working paper prepared by my services already includes the possibility of providing aid to large companies as part of clusters . documento
european union institutions should also play a more important role where there are infringements of minority rights , and should issue serious warnings to countries that guarantee minority rights on paper , but in practice violate their own laws and also the rules of the european union . carta
i share the ideas used as starting points in both papers . documenti
mr president , the paper ‘ citizens ’ agenda : delivering results for europe ’ is to be welcomed in the emphasis placed on policy delivery rather than on institutional grand designs . documento
i therefore share the criticisms made by mr schulz and many others that , reading these papers , one gets the impression that the commission has given up on fighting for the constitution . documenti
there are two major deficits to which you barely refer in this paper . documento
none of this is in the papers , though . documenti
none of this is set out specifically in the papers on the table . documenti
last week was great : we had the interparliamentary forum , the commission produced a paper , estonia ratified the constitution , finland gave a clear signal that it would ratify and mrs merkel gave a great speech . documento
it has , unfortunately , appeared to us from some interventions by representatives of the commission that consideration is being given , in the course of the mid-term review of the white paper , to regarding the switching of transport to environmentally friendly modes of transport as no longer an objective of the european union , and that i would regard as absolutely the wrong thing to do . libro
the white paper on transport is right to mention the shift of freight transport from the road to rail and inland shipping as an important objective . libro
even after the forthcoming update of the white paper , this should remain a priority , because without a modal shift , our transport cannot meet the demands of sustainability . libro
to conclude , i would like to express two wishes : from the experience of marco polo i and this improved marco polo ii , and looking to the review of the white paper on transport , i hope that the successes and achievements of this programme will help us to maintain a firm commitment to modal shift from roads to more sustainable modes of transport , and logistics will obviously be the key to this . libro
much is only on paper and unfortunately the reality is different . carta
could you please do all in your power , particularly with the green paper on mental health coming to the end of its consultation period on 31 may , to address the issue of community-based care and getting people away from institutionalised care , not just for children but for people with mental health problems as well . libro
commissioner , yesterday i was reading a british paper whilst i was travelling to strasbourg . giornale
having done that , i will draw up a paper on a draft regulation for the commission and i am sure that parliament will discuss this paper thoroughly later on this summer . documento
the green paper emphasised opportunities , such as policies to improve first of all energy efficiency and energy savings , as well as enhancing the market penetration of renewable energy sources . NULL
a green paper in this field could give us the opportunity of demonstrating where our future opportunities lie . libro
i trust that all these things can be achieved , and that the creation of the energy community will be a tangible argument for the single european energy policy , also supported by the green paper . libro
options are under consideration and we expect that a commission staff paper will be available shortly . documento
mr president , mr verhofstadt , it is indeed commendable that , with your latest paper and your speech in this house today , you have helped to bring this fatal period for reflection to an end , because – as many of my fellow meps have said , and rightly so – it is high time that there was at last further discussion of how europe is to proceed . libro
as far as one very specific matter is concerned , namely the implementation of the 1996 eu-russia partnership and cooperation agreement with regard to the ban on polish meat imports , the agreement is currently nothing more than a paper construct and window-dressing . carta
the next item is the report by mr vidal-quadras on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy on energy efficiency ( green paper ) [ 2005 / 2210 ( ini ) ] ( a6-0160 / 2006 ) . libro
as mrs rothe said , when the commission published its green paper it based its target of 20 % energy saving by 2020 on an oil price of usd 30 a barrel , but by the time the report passed through the committee on industry , research and energy ( itre ) , oil prices stood at usd 70 a barrel . libro
even under the totalitarian system under which the people of poland lived , women were , at least on paper , protected by law , and in particular they were able to return to their previous jobs after taking maternity and childcare leave , and also to develop vocationally . carta
the rapporteur also highlights the unstable nature of the energy market and the recent oil price rises that make the current state of affairs different from the time when the commission was drawing up the green paper . libro
when commissioner borg presented the green paper on the european union ’ s future maritime policy last week , he once again emphasised the essential need to know how the oceans work and he insisted that new fisheries management measures cannot be implemented without knowing how ecosystems work and how different economic activities affect them . scorsa
as a sign of protest against this state of affairs and although i have the greatest respect for the rapporteur , i am reluctant to vote in favour of this report in substance ; this is only a paper exercise . burocratico
on the contrary , in our options paper we have introduced a condition that , in order to be able to benefit , a member state will have to prove that it has actually begun creating its own national stockpile . NULL
the european council at the end of this week will be taking a paper by the high representative and the commission as the basis for deliberations on the external dimension of the european union ’ s energy policy , which will also take account of the positions expressed by russia at the summit . documento
on paper , they were taken into consideration , but when it comes to discussing matters with them , their rights are seemingly not taken into account . carta
the commission greatly respects your comments and has already requested a group of its legal experts to draw up a paper on the positive measures currently being applied in the member states . testo
on the instructions of the european council , the commission and council secretary-general javier solana have prepared a strategy paper that will be presented to the european council . documento
there remain a number of deficiencies to be remedied , and thanks are due to the commission for preparing a concept paper on this , which makes a number of proposals . documento
we have there a series of practical projects , and that is without mentioning the two major areas that , in my opinion , will project europe into the future : energy , following on from the green paper that we presented , and research . libro
at all events , neither plan d , a white paper on grass-roots communication , a great deal of paper , nor a number of new websites have changed the priorities of this policy . libro
that is why , as mr goebbels , mrs frassoni and others have said , it is important to achieve concrete results in terms of energy efficiency and to have programmes for renewable energy , so that we can really translate the objectives from the green paper for safe and competitive sustainable energy into practice . libro
in response to a green paper from the commission , parliament is today adopting an own-initiative report offering its vision of the measures to be implemented to combat discrimination , both in society and in the workplace . libro
there is a good suggested list here in austria ’ s draft paper , but it is simply not comprehensive enough . documento
the aims and main content of the sustainability strategy , including in comparison to gothenburg 2001 , which will become the key challenges for sustainable development , are clearly laid out in the paper and in the strategy , and are also translated into concrete terms through targets and actions : climate change and environmentally-friendly energy , sustainable mobility and transport planning , sustainable production and consumption models , which will be an important guide for the future , management of natural resources , health , social integration , demographics and migration , which is probably one of the greatest documento
certainly there has been anxiety over illegal logging and certification being difficult to get right in practice , even if it looked good on paper . teoria
i hope that what we are hearing about the white paper that is due to appear is no more than a rumour ; the planned system is certainly needed . libro
i refer mr rack to the white paper that will be presented next week ; anything other than what is set down there is sheer speculation . libro
to conclude , i should like to thank commissioner borg for the important work he has done , particularly in connection with the green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy , which proposes making the various sectors involved in the management of maritime policy interact with each other . libro
there are many other initiatives being worked out that are directly aimed at combating fraud , for example the green paper on the transparency initiative , and the question of whether to publish the names of the recipients of subsidies or at least to make them public , to bring them to the attention of the commission . libro
we all know that paper is patient ; if we were to sign it , the pressure would be taken off the regime , despite the continuing arrest and torture of supporters of the opposition and even though the situation as regards freedom of opinion would not have changed and syria was still not seeking reconciliation with lebanon . NULL
in my opinion , from the mid 1990s until 2000 the equitable life assurance society over-bonused its with-profit policies , which showed on paper at least that equitable life had the best results of all major assurance companies , thus encouraging people to take equitable life policies out . carta
we have exchanged views with the european commission within the framework of the white paper , and in a resolution adopted by a large majority the european parliament maintained that our merchant fleet , in the competitive and rapidly developing international environment , needs a clear framework for manoeuvre which must guarantee fair and healthy competition . libro
first , the committee on transport and tourism produced an own-initiative report in december 2005 , in response to the commission ’ s white paper , drawing our attention to several issues we had not considered before . libro
shareholders have shares , but enterprises are more than simply a piece of paper or an investment object . carta
i am afraid , however , that the urban dimension and the partnership principle will be upheld only on paper . carta
as regards the second observation , the commission notes , as a preliminary point , that , as stipulated in article 18 of the treaty and confirmed by the case law of the court of justice , the right of residence derives directly from the treaty for eu citizens whose residence papers serve only to acknowledge that right . documenti
i sincerely congratulate you and the commission on that excellent package of four bold and ambitious papers . documenti
my commission will prepare a short paper on innovation to prepare for the lahti informal summit . documento
that is what we said in our citizens ’ agenda paper of 10 may . comunicazione
green paper on employment law in order to abolish every legal right won by the working-class movement through its struggles . libro
we must find other ways – and , in the barroso paper , both the european council and the commission declared their intention to take essential initiatives in this matter . documento
first of all , we are in favour of a constructive partnership with russia with regard to energy , but , as was clear from the strategic paper prepared by the commission , we do not simply propose to develop good relations with russia , but also to diversify . documento
the integration of migration issues into country strategy papers , for example , is something that the commission has already implemented . documenti
the rapporteur also recognises that on one side of an invisible border are the citizens and on the other people with no papers who are forced into resorting to illegal methods . documenti
immigrants without papers ? documenti
commissioner ferrero-waldner gave formal assurance that the commission would enter into regular dialogue with parliament on the content of the draft country , regional and thematic strategy papers and guarantee to take due account of the position of parliament when implementing the strategies proposed , the ‘ declaration on democratic scrutiny ’ . documenti
we owe to him the fact that the delors white paper became a reality in the trans-european networks , and also , irony of ironies , the opening up of the rail sector under the best possible circumstances , the galileo project , the motorways of the sea and the current logistics project . libro
at the same time , however , we must not fail to analyse the possible influence on these fires – the majority of which are believed to have been caused deliberately – of extensive planting of non-native species over previous decades , the confused changes of use or town-planning reclassifications of burnt areas , the paper pulp factories ’ interest in obtaining cheap wood , or the alleged vengeance of former forest wardens who have not been employed for supervision purposes this summer . riclassificazioni
the essence of this kind of violence is deeply rooted in people ’ s mindsets and in the cultures that suffer from those mindsets , and one year , or one piece of paper , will not be enough to change that . documento
these include activities relating to demographic change , which will be addressed in the proposals contained in the green paper on demography that i should like to introduce in october . libro
also , concerning my failure to mention that ireland submitted a national allocation plan , i have it in my papers . documenti
in conclusion , we will present every possible aspect in the paper which will be published soon – before the end of the year . documento
our target , as you will realise from the paper we are to produce , is a smoke-free environment in the european union . documento
in response to a number of positions adopted in the ‘ entrepreneurship in europe ’ green paper , the commission , in 2004 , expanded the entrepreneurship action plan by including in it a priority measure on business insolvencies with three specific objectives . libro
in the declaration it adopted , the conference called upon the commission to support the green paper ’ s implementation . libro
the green paper presented mental health as a central part of overall public health and a key determinant of quality of life in the european union . libro
i hope to present a commission white paper on mental health during the first quarter of next year presenting a strategy and proposing a framework for sustainable cooperation between member states , policy fields and the relevant stakeholders . libro
the third point is a call to take the gender dimension into account , which is the most glaring omission in the green paper . libro
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i hope that this green paper sends out a signal , at long last , in favour of improving mental health in the eu . libro
my concern , therefore , is that we may be setting the wrong course with this green paper , and also with a white paper . libro
mr president , i should like to thank both the commissioner , for an excellent green paper , and mr bowis for his report , which has added even more to what was an excellent standing start . libro
that is exactly what this debate on the green paper can do : ensure that we open up this whole area , focus on the major problems of stigma and discrimination and exchange best practice and epidemiological figures on this area . libro
since this approach is particularly promising in the area of mental health , commissioner , i welcome the green paper . libro
the commission ’ s green paper , and in particular the outstanding report by mr bowis , plug that gap , putting forwards a great many proposals , not only for the commission , but also for doctors and the general public . libro
first , i should like to highlight the call from mr bowis and the commission ’ s green paper for prevention as the most effective way of combating the growing incidence of mental illness . libro
i also very much welcome the important reference to gender difference in the area of mental health , which was not sufficiently addressed in the commission 's green paper . libro
nevertheless , we are in favour of the issuing of this commission green paper to stimulate discussion of the importance of mental health in the eu , of the necessity of having a strategy , and of any priorities . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , i have nothing but gratitude for the commissioner for the green paper , and even more so for mr bowis for the important work he has done . libro
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the commission ’ s green paper has not only cranked up a debate here in parliament , national and regional governments have also been encouraged to make more funds available . libro
they asked representatives of adhd europe , for example , to home in on the living conditions of adhd patients , since originally , the green paper did not even make a mention of this developmental illness in children , which , if left untreated , can do so much damage and cause so much distress , not only to the patient , but also in the form of costs to the health care system , the school system and the economic system . libro
the fine words and good intentions in the commission ’ s green paper must be turned into effective legislation as soon as possible , and we in parliament expect to receive a proposal for a directive to debate on soon . libro
my two colleagues and i will hold a debate on a joint paper within the commission over the next few weeks and then we will consult with the council . documento
in our joint paper on the eu ’ s future role in kosovo , presented in july this year , javier solana and i made it clear that the eu will have to take the lead in international presence after the status process has been concluded . NULL
our paper analysed the nature , size and responsibilities of a future international engagement ; it also set out the eu ’ s role after the status settlement and practical means to realise kosovo ’ s future european perspective . documento
the joint paper , which was endorsed by the council , supports the work of president martti ahtisaari . documento
for too long mental illness has not been at centre stage in our legislative process and , as is clear from the commission ’ s green paper and its startling findings , public consciousness through more informed communication is slowly coming to realise that mental illness and its consequences affect the core of our population . libro
i warmly welcome this green paper as a european debate-launcher on learning disabilities , major depression , suicide , imprisonment of suffers and the affect of inappropriate imprisonment so that member states can share research and best practice for the benefit of our citizens . libro
the wider political roadmap is still there on paper and so we do not need to reinvent the wheel here . carta
at the end of the day , however , all of these measures , which look very good on paper , are not actually applied . carta
the next item is the report ( a6-0275 / 2006 ) by mr rapkay , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the commission white paper on services of general interest ( 2005 / 2101 ( ini ) ) . libro
since the commission published its white paper on services of general interest , an intense debate has ensued on the role that the european union might play with regard to these services . libro
i would like to indicate that the committee on internal market and consumer protection agreed in large part with the white paper which the commission presented to parliament . libro
. – mr barroso , ladies and gentlemen , as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on transport and tourism on the white paper on services of general interest , my position , and that of the committee , has been to advocate the complete exclusion of services of general interest ( sgis ) from the scope of the directive on internal market services , in accordance with the idea that each member state has the exclusive competence to define , fund , evaluate and monitor these services , as confirmed by parliament . libro
for this reason , mr barroso , on the basis of article 192 of the current treaty , we ask you clearly to move forward and not to content yourself with responding to us in a few months time with a new consultation paper or a new white paper . documento
– mr president , the commission ’ s white paper on services of general interest is certainly necessary in order to create a common market . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , today we are discussing the white paper on services of general interest , published by the european commission more than two years ago . libro
the white paper provides only a very abstract definition of services of general interest and services of general economic interest . libro
as you know , the commission published a white paper on the issue , recommending that a framework directive be put in place to cover services of general interest . libro
such a state must revise its priorities , and should do so not only on paper but in actual fact . carta
turkey ’ s reforms need only exist on paper for us to celebrate supposed progress . carta
as is typical of turkey , it is even asking meps to kindly show political sense and thus to continue to paper over the cracks . magagne
at the request of the european parliament ’ s committee on budgets , in early september i signed the working paper with all the detailed technical explanations and financial figures about that proposal . documento
last year the european commission adopted the green paper on managing economic migration in the european union , which proposed to compensate the costs of ‘ brain drain ’ to third countries , meaning developing countries . libro
now is the time for the new member states to ensure that they have real regional authorities – not just paper tigers – otherwise they may find that the irish experience will be their experience tomorrow . carta
that is why , by the end of november , i will publish a communication in the form of a green paper on these applications . libro
you have mentioned a green paper . libro
the green paper will in fact aim to ask the right questions , which should enable us to reach a better understanding of all the possible applications . libro
the commission is to draft a green paper on the future of the common european asylum system . libro
the finnish presidency stresses the vital importance of transparency , and proposes actively to take forward the debate on transparency on the basis of the green paper . libro
not at all , because , in july , three other migrants died – in melilla , i think – and pressure continues to be exerted on morocco to sign a readmission agreement even though we have , since then , seen evidence every day that police roundups and deportations into the desert are continuing in this country , as well as violations of the fundamental rights of migrants , including those with papers from the high commissioner for refugees . documenti
for those who were in any doubt about the matter , certain european countries ’ mass regularisation of foreigners without papers has demonstrably led to huge numbers of new illegal migrants arriving on our continent . documenti
this situation has repercussions for all the countries of the european union since , as everyone knows , a migrant whose papers have been put in order may move freely within a large part of the eu ’ s territory . regolarizzati
– i voted in favour of the report by mr rapkay on the commission white paper on services of general interest ( sgi ) because it is a balanced report . libro
. – i voted against mr rapkay 's report on the commission white paper on services of general interest because several amendments that were very important to me were rejected , in particular the amendment calling for a framework directive on services of general interest and those calling for clarification of the criteria distinguishing between services of general interest ( sgis ) and services of general economic interest ( sgeis ) and the criteria for granting compensation for the provision of public services and in-house provision . libro
. as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on transport and tourism on the commission white paper on services of general interest ( sgis ) , i fought for the following : libro
the country strategy paper ( csp ) for 2007 to 2013 reaffirms that commitment with an approximately 65 to 70 % allocation to the health and education sectors . documento
i agree that the commission paper of last spring is insufficient , particularly in relation to short-term aid . documento
the fishing industry is in crisis and the commission paper has not helped . documento
a paper was submitted to ices in 2005 , but ices has not considered this paper or issued an opinion . documento
what we , in this house , asked you to do was to make improvements ; that is why we have put forward only a working paper rather than a report . documento
we all know that paper is patient ; so we also need to see to it that the european union ’ s standards apply in these countries . NULL
we probably have it right on paper , but it is in terms of implementation where this may fall down . carta
i think a paper trail is great and the eu is very good on that . sulla
a paper was submitted to ices in 2005 , but ices has not considered this paper or issued an opinion . documento
otherwise , it will degenerate into a self-serving paper mill , incapable of real influence .  
so far , however , there has been no more than grandiloquent announcements and reams of paper . inchiostro
there is no need to come up with radical new solutions : the basic ideas can be found in the commission 's white paper , approved in 1993 , on growth , competitiveness and employment . libro
on unemployment , we emphasize the need to implement all aspects of the delors white paper , to develop the employment pact between the social partners proposed by the commission and consequently to revise the financial perspectives . libro
but you continue to speak of preparation for the enlargement and fail to concern yourself either with genuinely combatting the growing poverty in europe or with closing the gap between the citizens and the union , which is becoming more obvious and worrying all the time , given the failure of the commission 's white paper . libro
madam president , the white paper on adapting to the internal market , which is the basis for our opinion , provides an excellent indicator for membership of the union . libro
the white paper is not a recruiting instrument to enlist newcomers . libro
madam president , the white paper on the preparation of the associated countries for membership of the internal market of the european union only deals with agricultural aspects in a small way . NULL
although in its white paper the commission only deals with the economic aspects of accession , it is quite clear that this can only be one part of the accession process . NULL
the commission 's white paper is a very useful tool in this exercise . libro
for this adaptation process they have no need of tons of white papers but concrete aid . libri
madam president , the white paper on which this report is based deals with a vast but well-defined subject : preparing the associated countries of central and eastern europe for integration into the union 's internal market . libro
for those of a more serious or technical turn of mind , there is the white paper itself . libro
naturally , this white paper on the internal market will be supplemented by others . libro
for instance , there should be a white paper to assess , realistically and without prejudice , the economic and financial implications of enlargement on the community budget ; and another to tackle legal reform , aimed at creating systems based on the rule of law , and genuine democracies which respect human rights and freedoms . libro
nobody puts a question mark against the white paper 's and the report 's principal political objective : peace and stability in europe . libro
madam president , we should not lose sight of what the oostlander report is all about : it is a response to the commission 's white paper and it is not parliament 's definitive decision on enlargement . libro
the white paper is a compendium of rules governing the working of the european internal market , and in the event of accession the candidates will also have to base their policies on the white paper . libro
but in my view the commission 's white paper is not about that . libro
the white paper is about preparing the central and eastern european countries for their integration into the union 's internal market . libro
the report pays scant attention to trade , the economy , subjects which are the very essence of the white paper while the rapporteur ignores the opinion of the rex committee , which does focus on the economy and which does make constructive proposals in this context . libro
i welcome the white paper because it is a start in addressing the practical issues in relation to enlargement . libro
in a fairly short space he has managed to cover in detail the varying political views in this house , and he has produced a motion for a resolution which covers not just the white paper and its implementation but also the more general question of the future enlargement . libro
more specifically with regard to the implementation of the white paper considerable progress has been made with preparing the associated countries to integrate into the internal market . libro
in various paragraphs you call for more white papers to be presented on various subjects . libri
similarly , i would urge the commission to draw up , in collaboration with the member states , a white paper on the different approaches to alzheimer 's disease in the european union . libro
the purpose of this report , like that of the commission white paper on the same subject , is to review the progress made by the associated countries in their transition towards accession to the european union . libro
the most important thing here is however : will the people of the eu , through journalists , have access to the documents , the papers , and so on , on which discussions at the igc will be based ? documenti
it is only regrettable that it has taken so long to put common principles down on paper . carta
whether a shop gets a transitional period of two or four or six years , and whether it has to indicate prices manually or by computer , it all boils down to an increase in paper work and there is already far too much of that . scrivendoli
i should like to end by thanking my colleagues - especially mrs randzio-plath and mr katiforis - for their contributions and amendments , and by reminding mrs wulf-mathies that parliament is making a formal request to the commission to draw up a white paper on the role of the european union , after the start of the third stage of emu , in the world economic system . libro
the european parliament has already quite rightly called on the commission several times to produce a white paper on monetary developments . libro
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , it has taken a long time from the green paper on the development of the postal services to today 's date when we can finally discuss the commission 's proposal for a directive at first reading . libro
in most cases , this merely serves to produce more paper , without actually affecting public attitudes on the matter . cartacea
and with regard to the training and education policy i have not heard anything about a proposal - which was in the white paper - about lifelong learning . libro
it does indeed appear in our communication , and in the white paper which was presented by mrs cresson . libro
we want to build on the substance of the 1993 white paper on competitiveness , employment and competition , but we are not trying to extend our jurisdiction . libro
that is our approach , and it is within that framework that we specifically want to implement , step by step and in the context of an overall strategy , all the elements of the 1993 white paper . libro
i am sorry , but in the papers i have here your name and the number of your seat do not correspond . documenti
the polisario front , which - as i have said before and as i say again now - is detaining several thousand families -the saharan refugees are literally detainees - this polisario front , then , which has taken away their papers , which indoctrinates them as a matter of routine and uses whatever threats are necessary against those who show any inclination to return to their homes is hardly in a position to lecture us on the subject . documenti
but it is precisely because we favour the early admission of croatia to our circle of european nations that we appeal to the croatian president and his government to do all in their power to end the intimidation and harassment of journalists forthwith and to ensure that freedom of the press and media not only exist on paper but are fully respected in practice . croato
it applies to the satirical weekly paper , feral tribune , against whose staff legal proceedings have been brought for criticising the president , something which is illegal under section 77 of the croatian criminal code . satirico
however , the planned environment proposals are very welcome , as are the recently published green papers on the citizens ' network and the internalization of external costs . libro
madam president , i should like to say , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy that the action programme presented by the commission constitutes , in our view , an essential framework-programme which is important for achieving the objectives and priorities of the white paper on the future development of the common transport policy . libro
the ideas outlined in the green paper on this subject show clearly what possibilities there are and they must be followed by concrete measures at the appropriate levels as soon as possible . libro
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , this white paper is the logical sequel to the report by our former italian colleague mr porrazzini on the future development of the common transport policy as a framework for sustainable mobility . libro
i may say that my honourable colleague mr parodi has , of course , already taken part in this preparation in his capacity as rapporteur and that the main components of this highly complex report - which could not be otherwise , given the white paper that has been presented , for it had to address an extremely wide diversity of subjects - will be incorporated into the agenda for this third transport conference in helsinki . libro
and so in conclusion i wish to voice my doubts as to whether the commission can ever achieve the aim it has formulated in the white paper by environmentally compatible means . libro
the parameters for the policy and strategy were in fact already laid down in the white paper . libro
thus the motion for a resolution asks for the drafting of a whole series of documents , an amended action programme by the autumn of 1997 , every two years , starting in summer 1998 , a comprehensive planning and implementation document , another white paper in 2000 , a report about the suitability of the maastricht treaty as the basis of a new community transport policy - all this on top of our annual programme of legislation . libro
mr president , i welcome the commission proposal that the member states be given the opportunity to introduce a model community driving licence on 1 july 1996 in the form of a ' credit card ' -type document as an alternative to the paper version . carta
in the same way , member states will be able to switch in due course from paper licences to the credit-card format and will do so secure in the knowledge that the necessary interoperability of the ' credit-card ' -style driving licence is guaranteed in all member states . carta
green paper on innovation libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0165 / 96 ) by mr argyros , on behalf of the committee on research , technological development and energy , on the commission green paper on innovation ( vol . i and vol . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , today 's debate on the green paper on innovation is timely and i hope that it will be of help to the commission and the member states , and also to european industry , in the determining of priorities . libro
the commission 's green paper is a welcome document . libro
proposals for action at community level are now awaited from the consultation process which the green paper has initiated . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i also see this piece of work , the green paper on innovation , for which i express my special thanks to the commission , as an important contribution to the urgent and intensive discussion on the preservation and securing of jobs . libro
in this respect , i believe that three particularly important points are made in the green paper . libro
but the identification in the green paper of innovation in the firm with success on the market is new and strong , as are the recognition of the basic cultural problem , and that the success of the modern firm is based on technological competence , entrepreneurial competence and learning capacity , and hence , in particular , the importance of small and medium-sized firms using the emerging information networks in the now imminent challenge of the information society . libro
the previous commission also raised the issue of the economic and commercial potential of research projects , and the fourth framework programme is steeped in this principle , but this green paper seeks to focus even more on firm / research involvement , introducing the task force experiment . libro
for the moment , we approve and encourage the commission 's efforts in the green paper . libro
the most important message of the green paper is that the commission , like a number of member states , is extending technological policy into innovation policy . libro
we must put an end to such things in the european union , because we may be brilliant at making declarations - like the green paper on innovation - and then very slow when it comes to considering evaluation studies and to the practical application of these interesting plans we draw up . libro
the proposed green paper on the internalisation of external costs and citizens ' networks is a positive element , however . libro
having twice adopted a position on the white paper on the future development of the common transport policy , the european parliament now finds itself confronted with a legislative framework programme defining the commission 's priorities on measures to be adopted for the period from 1995 to the year 2000 . NULL
this report from the committee on research , technological development and energy constitutes an excellent analysis of the commission 's green paper on innovation . libro
the committee is asking that , when preparing the fifth framework programme , the commission should draw not only on existing experience with the task forces , but also on the ' best practice ' criteria contained in the green paper on innovation . libro
secondly , we agree with the green paper on innovation that the dissemination and exploitation of results must be improved . libro
that is not worth the paper on which it is written . carta
the recommendation drawn up by the commission in its white paper on transport policy is therefore an obvious and natural consequence of developments in the sector . libro
it is time we embraced the economic model advanced in chapter 10 of the delors white paper and altered that balance . libro
my second question is this : it would seem that a discussion paper has been circulating in the commission in which it is proposed that a maximum permissible concentration of greenhouse gases , or rather of co2 , be introduced and that this ceiling be set at 550 parts per million . documento
is the commissioner able to confirm or deny the existence of this paper , and what does she think of its alleged content ? testo
the commission 's green paper on innovation makes a very useful contribution to the debate on competitiveness and deserves to be looked at closely in terms of how it can be applied at both national and community level . libro
the pact on employment gives the commission the tools it needs to implement the 1993 white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment and the conclusions of the essen european council in this field . libro
and we have white papers , essen conclusions , these guidelines - which is to say that the conclusions and the direction to take are clear . NULL
mr president , i will start by bringing the house 's attention to the delors white paper which was charged with the task of providing a blueprint to get 15 million of europe 's citizens back to work by the year 2000 , an ambitious task but one which i believe we should still pursue . libro
as the french socialists see it , we should instead promote economic growth by bringing interest rates down , abandoning the fight against inflation , which is now in any event practically non-existent , channelling profits towards investment in order to create jobs , implementing a regeneration programme based on the delors white paper , and reducing working hours so that people can share them more fairly . libro
as regards the antarctic , the european union has no real fishing interests , at least on paper . teoria
as has been clearly indicated in its white paper on the future of social policy and its rolling social action plan , the commission is committed to a continued strengthening of the community 's contribution in this field . libro
for the rest , you know how seriously the commission takes the problem of unemployment , you are familiar with the white paper , you know about the initiatives which president santer and the commission have proposed . libro
one thing we do hope is that , as the white paper recommends , we can gradually bring labour costs down - not what people actually earn , but the additional related costs , so that labour is less severely penalized than it is today . libro
the commission will consider the question of extending the rules on product liability to primary producers in the context of its current work on preparing a green paper on food legislation . libro
since the adoption of the white paper ' growth , competitiveness , employment ' in 1993 , the fifteen member states have been united in the same basic choice of macro-economic and structural policies which have been reinforced during successive european councils . libro
as priorities for the florence summit and , as it happens , in accordance with the joint resolution that we are adopting , i should like to emphasise the following points : adopting a clear strategy to get the igc going and redefining the respective priorities , unblocking the resources needed to implement measures planned in the white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , giving support to the middle east peace process on the basis of the scrupulous respect by all parties of the agreements in force and , finally , pursuing actions and current programmes in former libro
you are the guardian of the treaty and you cannot allow the solemn commitments embodied in article 5 of the treaty to be reduced to a useless scrap of paper in this way . carta
i hope that at the florence summit substantial progress will be made on the main aspects of the confidence pact , as well as the white paper on employment , and that the main features of the european model will become clear , namely partnership and the social market economy . libro
does he think , for example , the pr system which operates in germany and has produced over one million spoilt ballot papers thus defranchising one million people is ridiculous ? nulle
does he think that the pr system in france which has resulted in two million spoilt ballot papers is a bit ridiculous ? nulle
or does he think that the system in his own country , italy , which has produced over seven million spoilt ballot papers - almost the population of london - is a bit ridiculous ? nulle
the united kingdom has a clear record of the lowest number of spoilt ballot papers when people go to vote . nulle
we need to make use of modern and easy means of communication , but please do not make that an excuse for having dismal paper means for publicising and contacting the ombudsman . cartacei
in this very house dozens of texts , some more thunderous than others , declarations of all kinds , tons of paper and gallons of ink have been expended , and massacres in burundi continue unaffected , claiming several hundred victims every week . carta
he could have said that here , now that the major projects recommended by the white paper have been buried . libro
but in other things unfortunately the european council of florence is going to be associated with failures : on progress with the intergovernmental conference ; on progress with the delors white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment ; on the confidence pact of mr president santer , who has also made a great effort which must be recognized here ; on the trans-european transport networks - the modification of a conciliation agreement which had been reached ; on the multiannual programmes for the development of the smes ; on the multiannual programmes for aid to research ; on the libro
it is three years since the delors white paper and still all we have are words and not deeds . libro
however , let me remind you that in the commission 's white paper on energy policy , it is stated that world demand for energy is forecast to increase in the coming years , the coming decades . libro
as we have already stated in the white paper , and we agree with your own views , the commission will prepare an overall strategy and a plan of action to promote renewable energy sources . libro
and as the question is now down on paper i should like to hear from the commission whether it is really ready to contribute its mite to resisting this kind of breach of human rights , and to draw the consequences and to put a stop to aid to countries which follow that kind of practice . testo
if we go back to the delors white paper , as mr harrison has commented , we see that the engine of growth is going to be the micro companies . libro
recently the british government white paper : competitiveness - helping business to win said that small firms pay a vital role in the economy . libro
we are dealing with matters which may be simple on paper yet have important implications for jobs . carta
but the difficulties that clearly exist in the european union at the moment in relation to these matters are due to the fact that when heads of government get together on various occasions there are often hidden agendas , and what seems to be agreed on paper is not always what they really intend to do : the result is that the free movement of peoples is the one area in which we have made very little progress in relation to the other freedoms . carta
i should like to see a europe without borders or border controls , but i cannot accept it if the result is that there are simply more police on the streets carrying out spot checks to make sure that people 's papers are in order . documenti
then there is jacques delors ' white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , with its idea of creating jobs and making a major contribution to the fight against mass unemployment in europe through a large-scale community effort - particularly in the area of transport infrastructure projects . libro
the irish people has always been a people of migration and it has helped to build new countries , it has taken its culture around the world and it should know how to deal with all immigrants , including the so-called legal immigrants and those without immigration papers . documenti
as you know , we are currently discussing the commission white paper on teaching and learning , a sequel to the delors white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment . libro
the information society is not emerging of its own accord : it must be developed by exploiting in practice and gradually expanding our awareness of the scope of information technology , as indicated in the commission 's white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment of december 1993 . libro
madam president , i should like to speak to the few colleagues who are willing to listen , because that seems to me to be the best way of voicing some feelings that could never be expressed on paper . carta
the human rights clauses in international agreements are a major step in the right direction but they will continue to be worth no more than the paper they are written on if they do not result in practical action . carta
weu , which could be one of the strong points of a hoped-for foreign policy , is little more than a paper army and , what is more , not all member states of the union are members of weu . carta
with this in mind , and to increase the employment content of growth , the guidelines draw on the recommendations of the commission 's white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment . libro
it is overwhelmingly the fault of the ecofin council that jacques delors ' white paper has so far largely remained a dead letter as far as the funding of trans-european networks is concerned . libro
it is in this year 's guidelines ; it was in last year 's guidelines ; it was in the guidelines the year before and it was in the delors white paper . libro
commissioner monti 's paper for verona establishes clearly that tax on the low paid has gone up . documento
here we see exposed the non-fulfilment of the white paper on growth competitiveness and employment . libro
i am surprised that the hardened monetarists who write those papers and are so ready to accept that there is a natural rate of unemployment have forgotten that there might be a natural rate of inflation and that if you try to squash prices below that you might cause a reaction in the economy analogous to what happens when you go below the natural rate of unemployment . documenti
i think that these are the fundamental questions and there is another one : a few years ago , when jacques delors presented here the white paper on competitiveness and employment , he said that there are no national solutions for the problem of fighting unemployment . libro
the paper work will mount even as the lines of responsibility and decision-making in the commission become even more confused . amministrativo
overall , the statement made in the tenth chapter of the delors white paper has proved true : that the eu will remain inefficient as long as it is geared to the exploitation of finite natural resources and disregards the potential of labour . libro
the recent amendment of june this year marked parliament 's advocacy of an alternative model in the form of a ' credit card ' -type licence in addition to the paper licence . documento
nevertheless , it is disappointing that the paper by mrs wulf-mathies , mr flynn , mr fischler and mrs bonino does not include a substantial section on local employment initiatives , despite the fact that it is important that even now , within the current structural-funds period , a move towards more employment should be made possible , by means of precisely such innovative projects . sconfortante
then the 150 , 000 to 180 , 000 new jobs a year the commission projects - the ambitious plans laid down in the delors white paper - will be much closer to becoming a reality . libro
i do not want to anticipate the report of the committee of inquiry but before the committee first met four papers were already written which made it clear that the present systems are in crisis . documenti
then there were two papers which the commission itself produced to justify the expenditure for computerization to try to overcome this crisis in the system . documenti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the area of human rights involves enormous problems , and without wishing to neglect all the other issues associated with human rights , which are often flouted in the member states , i shall confine myself today to talking about the predicament of those families without papers who are suffering violence at the hands of the french government . soggiorno
a large delegation of people without papers will be in strasbourg on wednesday to inform members of the reasons for their actions and their objectives , and to breathe the spirit of the church of st bernard into our chamber - which for some of us would be no bad thing . soggiorno
our group supports these people without papers in their fight against a government whose immigration policy has been reduced to a low-grade policing operation for sordid political ends . ha
we are asking for the position of those without papers , who have settled in france legitimately , to be regularized without delay , out of respect for both human rights and international conventions . soggiorno
for the sake of our own credibility , we must not just concentrate on defining human rights on paper , as has been done so often in various protocols , conventions , final acts and declarations . carta
for instance , among those without papers in paris , there were some who had been refused asylum , even though the unhcr had recognized that they were genuinely at risk in their own countries . soggiorno
but i have to point out , mr herman , that if you had been a little firmer in directing the procedure and not allowed it to drag on for so long , we could have dealt with the whole issue in parliament months ago , instead of waiting until after the commission had published its green paper on social impact . libro
madam president , the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy expresses its satisfaction with the commission 's green paper on copyright and related rights in the information society . libro
the commission green paper is an exhaustive list of the different issues but it is less secure when it puts forward solutions which have not yet had time to mature . libro
finally , during the budgetary procedure , we should definitely reinstate the budget lines which were included for info 2000 or the trans-european networks , because while we can adopt white papers on employment and make fine speeches here , unless we create the relevant budget lines , the preconditions for the development of europe will unfortunately not exist and will be obstructed . libri
mr president , the european parliament welcomes the fact that the commission has recognized , in its green paper on the information society , that if we support the development of the information society , we must at the same time support this being accompanied by a precise definition of the rights of the parties involved . libro
to conclude , mr president , i call on the commission to take a more far-reaching approach to the concept of public service in the green paper on new services , and i call for this as an urgent matter because time flies in the world of telecommunications . libro
this is a theme which follows on from the white paper presented by president delors . libro
after all , according to the delors white paper , reductions in working hours in the northern member states led to the creation of 8 % more jobs , even accounting in the netherlands for half of the 30 % rise in employment . libro
the white paper indicates that three of every four new jobs are filled from other categories , such as women returning to work , young people and those changing jobs . libro
the commission is currently considering a discussion paper which contains various options for resolving the problem of certification . documento
thank you for the information you have just given us , commissioner , and i was pleased to hear the answer that i was hoping for when i tabled this question - when , that is , the commission intends to present the green paper on this issue , which you have announced for the end of this year . libro
as i understand it , the document was an internal discussion paper intended for use by our services . documento
mr rocard , the commission is currently preparing a green paper on work organization , including working time , and it is fair to say that this green paper is being prepared as a response to your initiative . libro
certainly , in preparing the green paper and indeed the commission 's work programme for 1997 , we are going to try very much to keep in mind the requests for commission action as set out in your motion for a resolution . libro
what i would like to do is to set it in the wider context , as indeed we shall try to do as effectively as we can in the green paper that i have announced to you . libro
this is the theme that we have developed , in particular in the green paper , on living and working in the information society - people first . libro
firstly , we are going to prepare the green paper i referred to on work organization , including working time . libro
we have just prepared the green paper on the information society , as i have said . libro
fourthly , we are preparing a white paper on the sectors and activities currently excluded from the working time directive . libro
they must intensify their relationships with the union with regard to the pre-accession strategy , their association agreements and the application of the white paper on the internal market . libro
the european investment fund needs to be expanded , resources ought to go to tens and to small businesses and the idea of a delors white paper needs to be made real and the structural funds have to be used more effectively . libro
today , at a time when some of our colleagues are accepting men and women without papers and becoming involved , perhaps , in a political operation , how can we avoid the thought that , the more the values of our continent are undermined , the less willing we will be to accept those men and women who turn to us in despair for help - material or moral help ? papier
a fear that we express : if these duties increase and they are to be the counterpart , taking the white paper on employment growth and competitiveness , of reducing direct taxes on labour , how do we make the interconnection ? libro
let me conclude by rapidly giving the view of the committee on research on the green paper on innovation . libro
it is very clear that the council is not able to solve this problem itself , not with the delors & # x02bc ; white paper or via the european networks . libro
on paper it is very simple but in fact it is very difficult . parole
after all , we read about it in the papers every day : fraud and corruption , fraud with subsidies and all manner of other unpleasant things ; is this not a european disease ? giornali
it creates the kind of publicity that can never be achieved through pieces of paper . carta
this report , madam commissioner , was not forwarded to the belgian parliament or the european parliament , but it appeared in the paper . giornale
on paper they could vote where they intended to reside , but no-one had to check that . carta
the commission green paper of july 1995 seemed to mark progress . libro
thirdly , we must back and promote any action which is aimed at using the resources at the european union 's disposal to improve human rights in timor and finally , we must promote the publication of a white paper which brings together witness reports and documentation about human rights violations in east timor . libro
yesterday , parliament received a group of immigrants ' without papers ' , as i shall refer to them from now on , although some prefer to go on using the term ' illegal ' to justify what cannot be justified : the axes of the french government smashing the doors of the churches where they had sought sanctuary . papiers
even so , how can anyone not be indignant at the way in which these immigrants ' without papers ' , as we are calling them , have just been treated in france ? papiers
we have a duty to react against this generalizing tendency which treats people without papers as illegal , equates immigration and illegality . papiers
this is far more a common problem , which all our bureaucracies tend towards because of course bureaucracies always prefer dealing with papers than with people and as a result trample elementary human rights underfoot . carte
however , at the same time , we have to pursue the organized mafia which is exploiting such people , advising them , at a price , to avail themselves of the law fraudulently , to destroy the papers which prove their nationality and to make their return virtually impossible . the identities of such mafias , madam president , are well known . documenti
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , france is of course not an isolated case , but the way in which the french government forcibly drove people who had no papers out of st bernard 's church this summer shocked an awful lot of people . documenti
criminalizing people who do not have papers is grist to the mill of parties which are racist and xenophobic . documenti
a few months ago a belgian journalist , chris de stoop , published a book entitled ' haal de was maar binnen ' ( ' bring the laundry in ' ) in which he describes the dire way of life of people with no papers : on the run , often from far-right mobs in germany , from the police or the courts , with no entitlement to health care , no right to a roof over their heads , no education for their children and no income , they are easy prey to racketeers and slum landlords . documenti
even people with no papers , ladies and gentlemen , are entitled to health care , to education for their children and to humane treatment . documenti
there were many of us in europe , and especially in my own country , who were shocked by the attitude of the security forces and the french government to those they call the immigrants ' without papers ' . papiers
at any rate , madam president , i would like to extend my thanks to colleagues in various political groups and congratulate us all on having been able to include a debate on the status of those ' without papers ' in europe within a debate on an urgent subject . papiers
though i should say in passing that i find it difficult to reconcile the extent of parliament 's emotion and shock , as expressed in the tone of paper resolutions , with the enormous number of empty seats here when the resolutions are being debated . cartacee
madam president , the action taken against the french immigrants ' without papers ' compels us to find a different basis for the problem of illegal immigration , since we have had proof that a purely repressive attitude is both inhumane and ineffective . papiers
many of the french immigrants without papers , far from being clandestine , have been forced into illegality by the absurdity of the law , the ill will of the administration , or a narrow interpretation of the right of asylum . papiers
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the commission has been carefully following the events which have taken place this summer , and one of the most newsworthy events has been that some member states have been taking decisions to expel nationals of third countries without immigration papers . irregolare
it is , therefore , inevitable that , while respecting fundamental rights , we should take measures to expel the nationals of third states whose papers are not in order . irregolare
the next item is the report ( a4-0216 / 96 ) by mr añoveros trias de bés , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the european commission 's green paper relating to the protection of utility models in the single market ( com ( 95 ) 0370 - c4-0353 / 95 ) . libro
the green paper on utility models in the single market is a report included on the agenda : all of the groups agreed on its importance . libro
encouragement should therefore be given to joint actions , easing the burden on all concerned - joint research into the common problems of preserving and restoring paper , for example , or transfers of know-how - and helping to avoid any repetition of mistakes or duplication of what are usually long-term initiatives . carta
the next item is the report ( a4-0216 / 96 ) by mr añoveros trías de bés , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the commission green paper on the protection of utility models in the single market ( com ( 95 ) 0370 - c4-0353 / 95 ) . libro
the consultations launched by the commission with the publication in july 1995 of the green paper on utility models in the single market have in fact proved remarkably successful . libro
europeanization is our best hope in the face of economic globalization , but it should not mean the continuation of the neo-liberal , monetarist political model , based on increased production , which dominates the maastricht treaty and is forcing the commission to ditch more and more of the delors white paper on competitiveness and employment . libro
to try to compensate for the negative impact which meeting the convergence criteria would have on jobs , the commission and the council decided as early as in 1993 to publish a white paper , the delors white paper . libro
finally , at the beginning of this year , the new commission president , mr santer , announced to parliament and the public at large , amid great pomp and ceremony , that there was to be a european pact on employment , a kind of slimmed-down version of the white paper , which would require a review of the financial perspectives . libro
we have chosen trans-european networks and research because they were council priorities but also because they were proposed by the former president of the commission , jacques delors , in his white paper . libro
the commission is the institution which has the confidence of parliament and it makes a collective proposal which is a political paper to parliament . documento
the white paper , therefore , included a proposal for the creation of international rail-freight freeways which are specifically designed to achieve rapid improvement in the competitiveness of rail freight . libro
yes it is true , i have read the white paper . libro
it is absolutely shameful that the drinking water directive which is currently before the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection contains a cost impact statement which is simply not worth the paper that it is written on . carta
the commission must take an all-round view on the issue of our water which includes all of these points , otherwise the commission words will just be a waste of more paper ( which will also pollute our water ) . carta
i am convinced that if this committee has no indicators at its disposal it will remain at most a paper tiger and at most capable of producing reams of paper . tigre
madam president , the hopes expressed in the white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment of creating 15 million jobs by the end of the millennium and the hard facts of today are worlds apart . libro
the concentration on those particularly affected by unemployment , increased investment in vocational training and the increase in the intensity of employment give reason to hope that the campaign against unemployment may be waged aggressively , with something more concrete than paper and words . carta
it was submitted on 19 september , which should have made it sixth on our paper . documento
the irish presidency has tabled a paper on this question which envisages the possibility of a general provision on non-discrimination as well as a suitable legal basis to adopt legislative measures to prevent such discrimination . documento
discrimination on the grounds of age is one of the aspects covered in this regard in the irish presidency paper . documento
secondly , i have made it very clear that the white paper on foreign policy , published by the irish government earlier this year , said that if a suitable opportunity arose in the course of the igc the irish government would seek an improvement in the status of irish in the union and that members could therefore take it that we would also take a similar attitude to other languages . libro
tourism is not even mentioned in the delors white paper . libro
we could really have flexed our muscles last december but all we have now is a protest on paper . carta
back in the 1993 green paper , on the issue of the role of the union in the tourist sector , the commission invited parliament to provide for the inclusion into the draft treaty of a specific chapter on tourism , furnishing it with a legal basis which , while respecting the principle of subsidiarity also makes it possible for the commission to take supplementary measures . NULL
in the lengthening of the breach opened by the 1991 directive , the commission has just adopted a white paper on the revitalization of the railways . libro
i am glad that this white paper was blocked at the last council of ministers for transport , thanks to the mobilization of the trade union organizations which , in a joint statement , denounced the particularly evil aspects and confirmed their wish to combat them . libro
the trade unions are mobilizing and i hope that , as a result also of debate we shall have on the white paper , we shall be able to table a more comprehensive proposal than is contained in the directive currently under discussion . libro
while i did not see it within my brief , it was inevitable that members would refer to the common agricultural policy and references in this regard do not purport to represent a final position in this important policy area which will , no doubt be the subject of ongoing debate on the basis of the commission discussion paper . documento
to place ones hopes solely in commission green and white papers is , in my view , not enough . libri
we have enough papers in europe . documenti
i look forward to a paper from the commission with concrete proposals to give effect to many of the very useful ideas put forward in the proposed charter . NULL
although it is true that , in the past and for certain sectors , the commission has decided to present a discussion paper to parliament and the council before presenting a formal proposal , the urgent need to simplify and strengthen the common organization of the olive oil markets argues against this approach in the present instance . documento
and we specifically ask commissioner fischler , on behalf of the european people 's party , for a discussion paper to be submitted by the commission before any action is taken . documento
mr president , hitherto all proposals for reform of the common organization of a sizeable market have been preceded by a discussion paper so that the consequences of the proposed measures could be assessed . documento
no such discussion paper has been produced for the reform of the com in olive oil , despite the fact that some 800 , 000 people work in this sector and are concentrated in regions seriously affected by unemployment . documento
this reason alone would justify the production of a discussion paper , but apparently neither the commission nor the commissioner is concerned about workers and growers in the olive oil sector . documento
logically , therefore , we have voted for a process which we believe to be necessary , and we think that ultimately the commission must introduce this discussion paper . documento
moreover , to save the principle of pluralism , the anti-concentration directive has been thrown into oblivion and the green paper on new services has been reduced solely to the protection of minors . libro
we know , commissioner , that a green paper will soon come and fill the legislative void which currently exists with regard to video on demand . libro
nevertheless , for the coherence of our proposals , it would be best if this directive pointed the way and offered a general framework which the longawaited green paper must certainly fill in . libro
the commission has not kept its promise to bring forward a set of rules parallel to those in the broadcasting directive in its green paper on new audiovisual services . libro
in fact , the slimmed-down green paper on new services and the protection of minors explicitly states that legislation is to be postponed indefinitely . libro
we made an honest effort to reach a compromise on article 1 of the directive - on extending the concept of broadcasting to cover the new services - partly because the commission had told us in the meantime that the promised green paper on the new services would not appear . libro
in its green paper , the commission originally proposed setting the intervention thresholds at ecu 2 billion of worldwide turnover and ecu 100 million of community turnover , in the case of the participation of at least two member states . libro
the chairman of the danish refugee council was also told that people wishing to return to bosnia and croatia had to wait for entry papers to be issued and that travel for refugees by bus was difficult , partly because croatia , bosnia and austria were obstructing overland transport operations . documenti
as far as its role within the wto is concerned , it has at least - i am delighted to say - published a comprehensive paper on trade and the environment . relazione
on the question of tagging , with regard to whatever scheme of cattle labelling the council agrees to introduce , would the president-in-office not accept this could involve either an electronic system , as in ulster , or where this is simply impractical , a paper base system ? cartaceo
it is important in these areas that at the very least an extensive paper or cattle passport system will be put in place . cartacei
the council 's draft resolution , although well-intentioned , suffers from , i feel , a fundamental defect , making it worth no more than the paper it is written on , since the resolution contains no legal provisions binding on the member states , thereby granting them recourse to exceptions under their national legislation . trasforma
in 1993 , the eu commission , in its green paper , had already pointed out these problems and , after consulting all the interested parties , including the european parliament , it drew up its conclusions . libro
there is talk too of a green paper on food legislation . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i am very glad that this oral question on renewable energy sources , i.e. , biogenetic raw materials , is being dealt with in the context of the discussion on the white paper on the european union 's energy policy . libro
i have just three brief comments on the white paper : in my view the plan for a common eu energy policy set out in the white paper by and large responds to the energy requirements of the future . libro
i agree that it is an important task to create security of supplies in europe by importing energy from third countries - and in particular by building up contractual relations with the main oil-producing countries in the middle east - but here too i would like to add the criticism that in general the white paper describes security of supplies in europe too one-sidedly against the background of a rising dependence on imports . libro
mr president , the van velzen report on the european commission 's white paper on an energy policy for the european union is timely and coherent , and mr van velzen is to be warmly congratulated . libro
on the question of coordination between the different directorates-general concerned with biomass , as requested by the european parliament in the mombaur report which has already been referred to in the debate and as provided for in the energy policy white paper , the commission is now preparing a document concerning a european strategy for renewable energy resources , the aim being to arrive at a consistent and transparent framework for the various schemes to promote renewable energy resources . libro
mr president , it is regrettable that we are having to discuss this white paper in an inappropriate legal framework . libro
the white paper on energy includes increasing energy efficiency and the development of renewable sources of energy as one of its objectives . libro
the white paper contains an excellent analysis of the future but remains very vague on specific measures needed to achieve these aims . libro
mr president , i wish to thank mr van velzen for focusing on the white paper on an energy policy for the european union in his report . libro
the commission falls very short of this in the white paper . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen . the white paper warns against an increase in the co2 emissions far beyond the 1990 level for which the electricity sector is responsible for 32 % . libro
we have known since the delors white paper that this kind of tax policy is also very beneficial to employment . libro
mr president , the commission 's white paper is an extension of the green paper whose priority objective was to adapt the energy market to the principles of free trade and competition by accelerating liberalization and deregulation without regard to the economic , social and regional consequences . libro
the report of the committee on energy deliberately understates this aspect and accepts the arguments in the white paper , although it does ask for gentler and better controlled liberalization . libro
after expressing pleasure that the white paper devotes more attention to the ecological aspects of energy policy , the report puts forward interesting proposals concerning renewable energy sources which enrich our debate on the issues involved in energy policies . libro
mr president , i would like to congratulate the author of the report on the energy white paper and to make some general comments . libro
mr president , i welcome the broad degree of consensus in this house on my report on the white paper . libro
as you know the commission took its final position on the expiry of the ecsc treaty back in 1993 : at that time the commission adopted a working paper updating its last communication to the council on the future of the ecsc treaty and the financial activities in particular , in which account was taken of the trend , on the one hand , towards reducing the levy and , on the other , to releasing the reserves due to diminished borrowing and lending activity . documento
on the basis of some recent progress in the joint transport committees between employers and employees , the commission will be publishing a white paper on the excluded sectors and we believe that progress may be possible with non-mobile workers in the transport sector . libro
secondly , commissioner , i would also like to ask you to state clearly in this house - because it will set a good example for the procedure on the rail white paper , and we had a demonstration here just recently - that you will enter into early discussions with the trade unions . libro
therefore , mr president , i accept your injunction to focus entirely on issues relating to the road haulage dispute in france , although it is true to say that the general consultation and discussions on the rail white paper will be continuing and be very extensive involving all the social partners . libro
last week a row blew up in london when the government was rightly pilloried for preventing a debate on emu in the house of commons , arising from the presentation of emu-related papers , including some of those we are debating today . documenti
do they not read the papers ? giornali
mr harrison i thought made his paper very clear and come to life when he emphasized the need for a policy mix between centralized monetary policy and decentralized economic and employment policies . vivida
it is fundamental because it is enshrined in the treaty and because we cannot regard the treaty as just a scrap of paper , but also because it reflects europe 's powerful ambition to have a strong presence in the major international markets . ambizione
the green paper makes only marginal mention of them - it talks about pregnant women , for example , or women travelling with pushchairs or small children . libro
i have no doubt that the author of this good report on the green paper on the citizens ' network , mr wijsenbeek , will agree with me . libro
mr president , i think we should all welcome mr castricum back after his absence last week when there was a discussion on the streets of brussels about the white paper on the future of the railways . libro
i congratulate the commission on its green paper ' citizens ' network for public passenger transport ' and especially congratulate mr wijsenbeek on his hard work in bringing this report before the committee and now before the house . libro
but these choices must be channelled in a certain direction , and i must regrettably say that so far despite the wonderful utterances on rio or agenda 21 or all these green papers , that is not being done . libri
this green paper was a wonderful green paper and i hope that the connection is established between this and the other green papers so that the right measures are taken to make urban developments really safe for women , and just as good for other members of the public who want to use public transport , and that in addition to all this we manage to turn our towns and cities into pleasant places to live with fresh , clean air , and that means unfortunately that the car will have to take a hearty step backwards . NULL
mr president , i should like to start by congratulating commissioner kinnock on this green paper , and mr wijsenbeek on his report . libro
of course , one may wonder what a green paper or a parliamentary report can do to change the actual conditions in our cities . libro
i know , of course , that this kind of green paper does play a very important part in informing the general public of all the measures which the cities themselves have to take . libro
however , there are several reasons why i regard the green paper as very crucial . libro
talking of trams , it fills me with pride to see an illustration of a viennese tram in the green paper , though its real message is that forms of transport which a few years ago were considered old-fashioned and obsolete are now back in fashion . libro
today 's discussion has been a joint debate on the commission green paper and on two commission proposals for legislation . libro
i have to say , however , that when i launched the citizens ' network green paper last january there were those who wondered aloud if this was an area where the commission had an interest . libro
we forcefully made that point in the green paper . libro
many of these suggestions are very specific and i know that honourable members understand that the commission , in the spirit of subsidiarity and proportionality , had to confine itself in the green paper to those areas where we felt we could bring added value . libro
i am puzzled by the criticism that in the green paper we neglected the needs of part-time workers . libro
to conclude on the citizens ' network , we are now examining the wealth of data contained in the responses to the green paper . libro
obviously both proposals are designed to facilitate coach and bus transport , both national and international and are therefore fully consistent with the approach set out in the green paper . libro
there are no grand declarations to be made , no papers to be signed . documenti
there is no shortcut to combatting unemployment - the only way is by the countless short steps proposed in the white paper on employment and in many other european union documents on the confidence pact , for example flexible work organization , positive flexibility of working hours and part-time working . libro
what we need to change is the situation whereby the good proposals - and i emphasize the good proposals - in the three reports are no more than words on paper ; we must see that they are implemented throughout europe . carta
i say ' may appear ' because it seems to me that not enough importance has been accorded to the structural funds policies , not to mention the implementation of the white paper , knowing , as we do , what is likely to happen to that in the various member states . libro
the commission 's white paper on energy policy has been adopted , and parliament has also adopted a resolution stating that the commission must play a leading role in ensuring that we finally have an action programme to tackle all these unsafe power stations . libro
let us be honest : the confidence pact that you , president santer , have proposed , and the regional pacts for employment alongside it , are likely to meet the same fate as jacques delors ' white paper . libro
we discussed this recently in relation to the white paper on railways , and i welcome the fact that commissioner kinnock has promised that such a dialogue will take place . libro
another matter which must be mentioned , and which has perhaps been the object of excessive criticism - not today , but in the previous debate - is the use of green and white papers . libri
we do not draw up green papers for the fun of it ! libri
we have thus published 13 green papers , and i would stress how useful they are . libri
when we published the green paper on monetary union and the single currency , in may 1995 , it enabled us to launch a major debate on that subject . libro
if you read that green paper again , you will see that it contains all the proposals which were presented to parliament and the council from 16 october onwards , and which currently form the basis of our discussions . libro
i could give other examples of the consultation of interested parties - notably as regards the ' motor oil ' programme - which demonstrate the usefulness of green papers and their effectiveness in the realization of particular programmes . libri
in this spirit , i believe that we must welcome the broad consultation of citizens and interested parties which green papers make possible . libri
i believe that this is essential to democracy , as this is practised in the european institutions , and that we should not underestimate the impact of green and white papers on our citizens . libri
i believe that green papers represent a good means of drawing the attention of an informed public to the complexity of a particular issue and gradually reaching adequate solutions . NULL
i continue to believe that it is through the publication of green papers and reports , through the broader consultation of all citizens , that we shall succeed in interesting the parties concerned in the measures taken at community level , at the level of the european union . libri
when i read in the annex to the irish paper that this subject will be dealt with over the course of the coming weekend , then i can only say that it will not get better , but worse - since the realization that the current procedure is not working is leading to an intention to apply the latter in future not only to agricultural policy , but also to the second and third pillars , i.e. foreign policy and home affairs . documento
the next item is the report ( a4-0384 / 96 ) by mr rehder , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the commission study on alternative strategies for the development of relations in the field of agriculture between the eu and the associated countries with a view to future accession of these countries ( agricultural strategy paper ) ( cse ( 95 ) 0607 - c4-0023 / 96 ) . documento
it does not appear to me that mr rehder 's report comes to no very clear conclusions : i think it goes a long way to developing the new proposals contained in the strategy paper approved by the commission in december 1995 , in madrid , and makes them more complete . documento
not only have they produced a draft paper , but it is lucid , persuasive and has a clear eye to making the case for closer european integration in a language and style which is accessible to and has resonance for the peoples of the european union . documento
we suspect that the ambiguity which currently blights the second and third pillars in terms of democratic accountability will be increased rather than lessened by proposals in the draft paper . accentuata
i want to say most emphatically that we christian democrats , including the dutch christian democrats , consider the present paper a good one and that it is not true that the whole of our country wants to see it burned . documento
mr president , amendment no 2 from mr killilea is completely superfluous . it only repeats mr anastassopoulos ' report , mr miranda 's working paper on the 1996 budget and the document on the provisional situation that i presented for the year 1997 . documento
secondly and unusually , because it is the third time i have been to eastern europe to observe elections , we were not permitted to witness the opening of the ballot boxes and the all-important process whereby a check takes place to see whether the number of ballot papers in the box matches the number of people who have voted . schede
in principle , the information the commission has been able to glean indicates that the official reason for the expulsion - as put forward by the turkish government - was that his papers were not in order : mr søndergaard 's passport had expired and he did not have a turkish entry visa . ndergaard
at the moment we purport to be good organizers on paper but in reality this parliament , still thwarted at every turn by the council , is still struggling . carta
the president 's papers were in german . documenti
above all , non-governmental organizations should be involved to a far greater extent in the question of monitoring , as set out in the white paper and the green paper on social policy . libro
i should also like to stress that i feel there is considerable synergy between the cross-border cooperation programme and all the more general work - which i follow closely , as commissioner responsible for the single market - on implementing the white paper to prepare the ccees structurally for future accession . libro
envelopes and ballot papers have been distributed . corrispettive
blank or spoilt papers do not count as votes cast . nulle
the voting papers used for your own election , mr president , the election of the president of this parliament , were not the same as those used for the election of the vice-presidents . utilizzat3
i ask you to conduct an inquiry to find an explanation for the existence of these different voting papers and the way in which they were distributed , and to refer this matter also to the committee on the rules of procedure . schede
secondly if there were different types of ballot papers i should ask you if you would provide the administration with data and the necessary proof since this is a very serious accusation which has to be backed up with very concrete proof . schede
what we did manage to achieve - and i also say this to my colleague mr herman - is that we now have an undertaking from the council with regard to the green paper on financial services , so that where there are gaps , there will be further scope for legislation . libro
one year later we only have a weak green paper and no legislation . carta
as you know , we have presented a green paper on these , which is still being considered in parliament 's committees . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0381 / 96 ) by mr cornelissen , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on the commission 's white paper on air traffic management - freeing europe 's airspace . libro
mr president , i also wish to congratulate the rapporteur , mr cornelissen , for his report on such a complex and difficult subject as the white paper on air traffic management . libro
it must be admitted that the commission 's analysis in the white paper is comprehensive and extraordinarily rigorous . libro
i have no option , however , but to agree with the rapporteur 's view that the solutions proposed in the white paper do not match the brilliance of the commission 's analysis . libro
however , the white paper offers no real strategy in the medium and long term for bringing about a single control system . libro
that is why we also need a qualitative improvement in relation to changing the institutional framework of eurocontrol , as discussed in the white paper . libro
therefore , ladies and gentlemen , i think that a strategic plan should be submitted urgently with a view to achieving the harmonisation of air traffic management and to ensuring that this management remains within the transeuropean transport network , since these objectives are impossible to achieve on the basis of the content of the white paper because , as the rapporteur believes , the white paper does not contain any practical measures or action programmes . libro
i value the judgement of mr cornelissen and his colleagues on this issue , as on others , and i am , therefore , particularly pleased that the report they have produced has given strong and broad endorsement to the commission white paper on air traffic management , which we called ' freeing europe 's airspace ' . libro
that approach is clearly evident from the tone and the content of the white paper which we produced in march last year , as it is indeed clear from the report we are considering tonight . libro
in summary , the white paper we produced outlined various widely-acknowledged shortcomings in the air traffic management arrangements at european level ; it considered a variety of possible solutions and it came to the pragmatic conclusion that eurocontrol - the organizational body which is currently primarily a provider of air traffic management services - should be given significant , new , additional legislative and regulatory responsibilities . libro
the white paper also emphasized that since many of these new responsibilities would cover areas of established community competence , the community itself should become a member of the new eurocontrol in its own right . libro
however , this discussion will , we hope , be further progressed in the transport council under the current dutch presidency and the commission has recently produced draft negotiating directives which would give effect to the two main recommendations of the white paper that i mentioned earlier in my contribution . libro
as mr wijsenbeek will know from his reading of our white paper , we came to the pragmatic conclusion that the best interests of all could be served by community participation in what we call ' a new eurocontrol ' . libro
we look forward to continuing to have the support of the dutch government and the transport minister in particular , mrs jorritsma , in our efforts to ensure a convergence between the discussions taking place in ecac and the proposals made - sensibly and productively , i believe - in our white paper . libro
i think we established in the green paper on the citizens ' network that in certain situations we would be better off not having public transport in certain areas , but rather private transport which could be provided in accordance with need and which might even be given a measure of state aid . libro
as the house will be aware - and as mr castricum and indeed mr wijsenbeek reminded us - we have sought to articulate that with our commission green paper on the citizens ' network produced about this time last year which outlines a comprehensive strategy to fulfil the potential of public transport and to cover amongst other things , the need to review some existing rules , including those concerning financing . libro
a white paper on a strategy for revitalizing the railways also analysed the improvements required in the way that most of the union 's railways are financed as part of the efforts we believe are needed to enable rail to increase its role successfully in our public transport system . libro
we make that basic but significant point in the citizens ' network green paper . libro
nevertheless , i think , personally , that it makes sense to introduce a system of price intervention for used paper to promote paper recycling . carta
consumers have the right to know where the products - be it window frames or paper products - come from . cartacei
if such a campaign does take place it ought to include paper as well . carta
like wood products , paper products are also under pressure from substitutes such as plastic , glass and metals . cartacei
mr menrad 's paper goes much further and analyses in depth a number of ways in which this approach could be put into effect . NULL
this week , all these years later , the french paper le figaro talks of azerbaijan as the kuwait of the caucasus . giornale
the merit of the commission 's green paper lies in the fact that it opens the debate on the situation regarding transport and tackles the problem of ' external factors ' ( accidents , saturation , pollution , etc . ) . NULL
finally , i think that certain measures proposed by the green paper , such as differentiated taxes according to fuel quality , tolls in congested and sensitive areas , etc . , meet the ecological demands being made by european citizens . libro
the danish social democrats welcome the commission 's green paper and barbara schmidbauer 's report in the debate on the area of transport . libro
both the green paper and the report are a good contribution to the debate . libro
that is our problem : in theory and on paper we now have a very sensible system , but we need the people to apply it and to support it . carta
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , there have been some changes in the nature of structural assistance since the delors white paper , which enshrined the concept of ' sustainable development ' . libro
commissioner , if i had not signed the order paper for a motion of censure , i would almost be on your side and apologise to you for the tons of words which come out of this parliament . documento
i therefore expect that the green paper on the future of food - which was announced a year ago , and to which several of my colleagues have referred - will contain these necessary reforms , since otherwise there is no point in discussing it . libro
we are seriously concerned that , for example , the french inquiry report will not be published or made available to the public and indeed , the deliberations of the channel tunnel safety authority will , not necessarily be made fully available , in particular all the background papers that related to the approval of the semiopen wagons which played a key role in causing and spreading the fire . documentazione
this aspect will also be taken into account in the follow-up to the green paper on the social aspects of the information society . libro
that is why the commission published in 1996 a green paper on obstacles to transnational mobility in education , training and research , with a view to provoking a wide-ranging public debate and devising courses of action to remove these barriers . libro
instead , we should be working more towards the proposals in the white paper which has been presented to parliament and which covers the revitalisation of europe 's railways . libro
in this respect , the commission has put forward , in a recent green paper , the stakes for the internalization of external costs generated by transport . libro
it was not until 1996 that we debated which measures had to be taken in response to the discussion on the green paper on access to justice . libro
we shall be going on to discuss the report on consumer credit and the report on the green paper on financial services . libro
a green paper came out more than three years ago . libro
i think the green paper which you produced three years ago ought to have generated some action in some form or another . libri
i refer to the green paper on food . libro
or is it going to be left to the authors of this paper ? documento
secondly , in view of what i said this morning , when will she be able to bring forward the green paper on food policies ? libro
i wanted to introduce it in committee in march , but when i had had the paper for four weeks , the commission ordered a cost-benefit analysis . documento
on the green paper on food , as i told you , it was ready at service level , so it could come to the college . libro
owing to the new responsibility and weight that we have as consumers , i have to take this opportunity to review the green paper and i will do it in the light of an empowerment that has been given to consumers . libro
green paper on financial services libro
the next item is the debate on the report by mrs marinucci ( a4-0048 / 97 ) , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , on the commission green paper on ' financial services : meeting consumers ' expectations ' ( com ( 96 ) 0209 - c4-0339 / 96 ) . libro
the house welcomed the fact that that promise was very shortly followed by the submission of the green paper we are today discussing . libro
furthermore , the second part of the green paper itself analyses the problems that still exist , such as the possible discrimination against non-residents , the lack or poor quality of information , the lack of rules on intermediaries and the lack of fiscal harmonization . libro
the problem of distance selling , finally , dealt with in the third part of the green paper , is not covered by the legislation in force . libro
the relevant legislative committees have discussed the green paper in great detail and very perceptively and have overwhelmingly focused their proposals on the need for a coherent and complete community legislative framework that takes a horizontal approach to problems recurring in more than one sector and a vertical approach to specific issues such as distance selling . libro
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in the opinion i drafted on this green paper for the economic affairs committee i came largely to the same conclusions regarding the continuing problems which the consumer encounters over financial services . libro
we are in any event persuaded that the commission intends moving in the right direction by filling what we consider to be a number of gaps in the green paper . libro
i think this means that the green paper contributes very little to solving the problems it is supposed to address , and it mainly draws attention to the great gulf which must be bridged , because i think that with the development of technology and the increasing numbers of small savers , the problems to be addressed are indeed very serious and very difficult for the consumer to discern on his own . NULL
the plain fact is that we are regarded by many as a paper tiger . carta
what i want to know is this : if the council is recruiting in ireland - and it ought to be able to recruit in ireland for jobs in the european institutions - has it considered how it is going to be able to recruit there if the irish government says that it will not allow age discrimination in advertisements in its papers ? quotidiani
i will not dwell on that because we must prioritize simplicity , as i said this afternoon , because transfrontier situations are involved and the cost of credit must not rise to the point that it becomes impossible or only possible on paper . carta
i believe that , especially in a europe of citizens , where freedom of movement plays a very important role , at least on paper , but also in our thoughts , it is absolutely essential that we should remove the obstacles that hinder this freedom of movement . carta
we cannot have a situation in which we acquire our marriage certificates for that reason alone , and i believe that it ought to be possible for me to have equal rights without having to get a piece of paper from the state . carta
this bundle of papers to which you refer may be on my desk - i haven 't read it yet - but we can certainly give you access to it . plico
furthermore , the commission , in accordance with its medium-term social action plan for 1995-97 , is preparing a green paper on the problems of illegal working . libro
this green paper should pave the way for broad discussions on the action to be taken by the union , the purpose of which would be to eliminate any practice detrimental to the well-being of workers or obstructing the proper functioning of the labour market . libro
whatever the fate of relations between the acp states and the european union , which we are discussing on the basis of the famous green paper that has been much mentioned in this debate , the experience of the acp joint assembly should , in my opinion , be treasured as one to be repeated . libro
the essential point , of course , is the future of the acp-eu joint assembly : the concept of parity , the concept of co-operation as a new form of future external policy , and the structuring of the european union 's foreign policy beyond the content of the green paper . libro
i should welcome it if the suggestions produced by this assembly , and the ideas and proposals contained in the new green paper , were to contribute - with a view to maastricht ii and the future foreign policy - to our having a separate pillar or section that says we want a non-military foreign policy . libro
after the green paper , we must arrange a new form of co-operation with the acp countries . libro
in my opinion , the activities of the past week , and the heap of paper that landed on members ' desks , was over the top . tavoli
the next item is the debate on the report by mr wim van velzen ( a4-0045 / 97 ) , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the commission 's green paper on living and working in the information society : people first ( com ( 96 ) 0389 - c4-0522 / 96 ) . libro
if you start from the understanding that many more people will be unemployed , and , certainly , there will be the 20 million that are permanently with us , then an instrument that would shorten working time and make more use of the capacity in the tertiary sector would offer an exceptionally interesting strategy . unfortunately , this is totally ignored in the green paper . libro
that aspect is completely ignored in the green paper . libro
in the opinion of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , the green paper takes too little account of the latter aspect . libro
the commission 's green paper , launched at a european colloquium in dublin at the end of september 1996 , generated a debate throughout europe on the many aspects of the information society , as also identified by the high level group and the information society forum . NULL
mention has also been made of teleworking : the commission will not be presenting a proposal on this topic as such before the end of the year , as requested , since the aspects relating to teleworking are to be tackled in a green paper on work organization to be published by the commission within a matter of weeks . libro
the purpose of this green paper is to stimulate a debate , in the context of the social dialogue , on work organization as it affects teleworking . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0056 / 97 ) by mrs waddington , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the commission 's white paper on education and training - teaching and learning - towards the learning society ( com ( 95 ) 0590 - c4-0597 / 95 ) . libro
the white paper provides an analysis of the challenges we face in the global economy where new technologies are radically changing the nature of work and requiring a workforce that is highly-skilled , flexible and qualified . NULL
this evidence , documented during the 1996 european year of lifelong learning , and the results of the very wide consultations carried out on the white paper , strongly suggest the need for further action . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the response to the white paper has been for the most part positive . libro
susan waddington also touches on this point in her report , when she says that the cost neutrality referred to in the white paper must on no account be allowed to set a trend , because the socrates and leonardo programmes are already underfunded , and that additional financial resources should imperatively be made available . libro
mr president , i heartily congratulate mrs waddington on her report , since as a result of the additions and the adoption of many of the amendments presented in the committee on social affairs and employment by various groups , the commission 's white paper has been vastly improved . libro
the white paper on the learning society makes one point which i believe is worth stressing : it accepts the challenge presented by change , and maintains that change and flexibility can be guided and moulded to suit the interests of mankind only if the question of training takes centre stage . NULL
the white paper tackles this issue both in terms of culture in general - and it is interesting that , alongside technical know-how , not only is a reappraisal and deepening awareness of the humanities taking shape , but creativeness and experimentation are also undergoing a revival - and in terms of preparation for a working life in which there will be an increasing overlap between technical skills and social attitudes , theoretical knowledge and integration in the workplace . NULL
this white paper has been criticized for not dealing adequately with social and human development . libro
i do not share this criticism , because it seems to me that social and human development is not only encouraged , but regarded as a precious personal asset in preparing for work - why else would the white paper devote such attention to the proposed european voluntary service ? libro
the commission 's intention in publishing its white paper was to contribute to the debate on the future of our society , especially as regards the role of education and training in the face of current social change , with particular attention being given to ways of halting the tragedy of unemployment . libro
ever since the publication of the white paper , the concept of the learning society has occupied a pivotal role in our thinking . libro
the opinion of the committee on culture , presented by mrs hawlicek , highlights this aspect and takes up a number of proposals made in the white paper : raising the general level of culture , and encouraging creativity and critical awareness , as well as language proficiency . libro
parliament 's report sets great store by the need to bring funding into line with the objectives of the white paper and the creation of the learning society . libro
the report will take account in particular of the suggestions which emerged from the thematic conferences organized by the commission on the five objectives of the white paper , and of the lessons which can be learned from the implementation of the objectives themselves . libro
in the evaluation report on the achievement of the white paper 's objectives , the commission will set out guidelines for a more broadly-based implementation of these objectives . libro
we must consider which are the most important aspects and try to strengthen the three areas mentioned in former president delors 's white paper , that is improving research and development , improving external markets - and , of course , international promotion - and improving education and training . libro
the commission 's green paper on noise and its communication on a strategy against noise pollution indicate that wider european restrictions , such as on night flights to all european airports , will have to be considered . libro
these considerations , the green paper , the report by the committee on social affairs and employment , must rapidly lead to practical decisions with a view to rendering the information society more dynamic while also rendering it useful to all concerned . NULL
the commission 's green paper is strongly criticized for laying too much emphasis in its analysis of the information society on work , jobs and the competitiveness of the economy . libro
we have in our hands a green paper on ' living and working in the information society ' , whose letter let alone spirit do nothing to advocate the priority of the human factor and respect for the rights of working people . libro
i support the call on the commission to come forward with a green paper . libro
it is also essential for the commission to produce rapidly for discussion its green paper currently in preparation on libraries , and open up the important debate on public access to electronic information , copyright from the user 's as well as the producer 's point of view , the place of books and reading and the professional profile of work in the library and information sector , and educational needs in the modern network and information society . libro
i think it would have been preferable to consider this report at the same time as the white paper we discussed yesterday , for i find the difference of legal basis not just factitious but also detrimental to political coherence and effectiveness . libro
the eu commission , and especially mr bangemann who is here today , are surpassing themselves in the production of documents , communications , green papers , etc . , but i am glad that mrs morgan 's report raises a painful subject , namely the lack of political measures in relation to the cultural and educational aspects of the information society . libri
but i also have a request to all those who took part in this debate : we are not just producing paper for the sake of it but are trying to make our contribution to showing where something still needs to be done and how it should be tackled , and we are also trying to bring together the various bodies that have to work together in this area . documenti
moreover , the commission is in any case intending to draft a white paper on environmental liability , which it will be presenting shortly . libro
concerning amendments nos 13 and 28 , it is correct , as mrs heinisch said , that we are working on this matter in the form of a white paper , and i can say that i entirely share the view of mr bowe and mrs breyer that it is particularly important to have the question of liability dealt with under eu auspices . libro
their working methods are archaic , comprising ponderous paper exercises with documents and rubber stamps that are easily forged . cartacei
that was a problem about people without papers . clandestini
through the medium of mrs waddington 's excellent report , i congratulate the european commission on the presentation of the white paper . libro
the danish social democrats voted in favour of the waddington report on the commission 's white paper which , as we know , deals with general education and vocational training . libro
a number of criticisms are made of the white paper in the report , for example that the commission focuses exclusively on young people in its analysis and does not take account of the ageing of the population in europe . libro
the danish social democrats take a positive view of the debate introduced by the commission 's white paper and the waddington report . libro
however , they would stress that , like the rapporteur , they are critical of implementation of the white paper 's proposals for establishing ' second chance ' schools at eu level for groups which are especially vulnerable to exclusion from the information society . libro
( sv ) we have voted for the report - teaching and learning - towards the learning society as it contains favourable proposals and constructive criticism of the commission 's white paper on education . libro
i do not need to go to the commission , i do not need to speak about european policies in support of this , i only need to stay in this house and see the papers we produce . documenti
i also believe it is fundamental not only to sustain our training policy but also to include in the financing of this chapter the objectives listed in the white paper on education and training . libro
today parliament voted on a report that specifically evaluated the white paper . libro
we should also like to take advantage of this debate to say how sorry we are that this review of education , so basic to the future of young europeans , was the subject of two debates : yesterday evening 's debate on the white paper on the information society , held in the absence of the commissioner responsible for it , mrs cresson , and the present morgan report of which commissioner bangemann is the sponsor . libro
the committee of inquiry began by pointing out a number of technical reasons associated with the obsoleteness of a system that uses paper as its medium , disregarding information technology , and which has failed to cope with the increase in trade transactions .  
i read in this morning 's papers that we are once again going to give a large loan to russia , but i think we should start to realise that there are political risks there that make these loans extremely dangerous , and that we should therefore be much more careful . giornali
there have been some problems while discussing this report in committee as the papers are not available in swedish . trattazione
the high rate of unemployment is significantly limiting the union 's options , and that means we must concentrate on overcoming the grave deficiencies and inflexibilities which are having a negative affect on the productive structure of the european union . as mrs randzio-plath says in her report , this requires further liberalization of key sectors , more intense application of research and development programmes , deepening of the european internal market and implementation of the delors white paper proposals - which are unfortunately blocked by the council . libro
it almost goes without saying that in our view to depict the single currency as a great objective or great national and european scheme , or the panacea for all the economic and social ills , is to create fatal conditions for a fresh wave of frustration - the chechini announcement , which was not pursued ; maastricht was cracked up to be the opposite of what it turned out to be , the white paper on competition , employment and growth did not prevent the employment rate from continuing to rise , cure the lack of or weakness in libro
the report fully supports delors ' white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , and this surprises me somewhat because this also advocates wage distribution . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0113 / 97 ) by mr garcía-margallo y marfil , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , on the communication from the commission ( com ( 96 ) 0463 - c4-0622 / 96 ) on benchmarking the competitiveness of european industry and the commission staff working paper concerning a european quality promotion policy for improving european competitiveness . 0622
if we regard benchmarking not as the illusory replacement of policies with self-management of the economy , but rather as a methodical attempt to achieve qualitative goals by means of organized action , then we can begin to refer back productively to the delors white paper - in which the two sides of the argument were still unbalanced - and actually use benchmarking to achieve the methodical renewal of policies . libro
i would remind you that the european round table of industrialists has been trying its best for over three years now to put the competitiveness of the european economy on the political agenda , and the interaction between competitiveness , employment and growth was explained in the delors white paper . libro
i have , however , received papers from certain academic institutions concerning the usefulness of united kingdom unemployment statistics , and you can be assured that this is one of the issues that we shall look at . documenti
firstly , the scientific committees have to discuss the british working paper , and the proposal must be considered by the standing veterinary committee ; secondly , there must be a successful community inspection ; thirdly , a draft commission decision must be presented for approval by the standing veterinary committee . documento
the idea behind the single market was one of dynamic movement in the european union and in 1985 when the commission set out its idea in the white paper for the single market programme , there was a belief that this would all be completed by 1992 . libro
the commission itself in its recent options paper of 12 february this year clearly shows the continuing problems of this sector . documento
i have received many fine-sounding papers on what we are doing and what we might get out of it . documenti
today i have received from the commission staff a very useful paper justifying this and setting out the whole background and i think allaying the fears of classic car and vintage car owners to some extent . documento
we took off like a tiger , and the commission 's truly lamentable paper has turned our tiger into a rug . documento
rights on paper are being turned into rights in practice . carta
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , equality between men and women often exists on paper only , with far too little reflection in reality . carta
the reality in that country is that parliamentarians are being convicted , imprisoned and fined , although on paper they continue to enjoy immunity . pecuniarie
mr president , i wish that this resolution , on which all groups will certainly vote favourably , should not be a simple scrap of paper , but that it should become the prelude to concrete and decisive action on the part of the european authorities . carta
simply calling for a non-discrimination clause as regards disabled people - even though i am in favour of it - only has a point and is only worth the paper it is written on if the population sees disabled people not as a fringe group , but as part of itself . carta
the commission communication was based on the white paper on european social policy . libro
the motion for a resolution now before the house shows a real commitment to advancing the work on the maritime strategy paper . documento
as the house will know , i based my reflections in the strategy paper on the role of the shipping industry in the world , on its difficulties as a global industry and on our common desire to maintain the industry and as many jobs for european seafarers as possible . documento
i believe that view to be defeatist and wrong , not to say reactionary , and i am therefore gratified to note that the great majority of the comments on the white paper reflect a similar view . libro
that is why in a strategy paper we set out the pillars of policy in the way that we did in the hope , indeed in the knowledge , that it would generate intense debate and further action . documento
i answer very specifically , yes , we do agree , and i hope that neither mr van der waal or others , whose interest in this subject is very well known indeed , will interpret any reference in our strategy paper as down-grading or allocating a secondary role to shipping . documento
i have to say that the dredging industry is not covered , as he said , in the strategy paper , but that does not mean for one second that the interests and the significance of the industry are neglected so far as the commission is concerned . documento
madam president , in finishing i would like to say that the commission believes that this agreement will guarantee security of supply for the european nuclear industry when it handles materials that involve obligations to the united states , and that it will ensure stability and the capacity for long-term projection with regard to the european union 's energy policy as set out in the white paper . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0119 / 97 ) by mr anastassopoulos , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the commission green paper : legal protection for encrypted services in the internal market - consultation on the need for community action . libro
it is a first report referring to a consultation on the commission green paper on the legal protection of encrypted services in the internal market and it is just part of a whole set of legal regulations worked out by the european community on the protection of telecommunications and the media in general . libro
the green paper addresses only the aspect of unauthorized reception of encrypted services . libro
in any event it is no doubt more realistic - at least unless we decide differently after evaluating the open debate on the green paper - to go for a directive to begin with . libro
these actions pose a double risk : first of all , they could lead to a situation where the general public is inundated with paper , documents , acts , only adding to the bewilderment which currently exists and , secondly , could actually be detrimental to legal security . inondato
we also feel - and this is a practice which has been pursued over recent years , especially the last two or three years - that , in respect of the practice which we used to have of legislating immediately , now , through the green papers and the white papers , we are consulting society as a whole . libri
the green paper actually asks questions . farlo
in some cases we have had to do so twice : we have had a first consultation , and if we were not satisfied with the responses that we received then we have issued a second green paper . libro
there is some concern that this is going to lead to vast reams of paper being produced . carta
the danish social democrats in the european parliament have today voted in favour of parliament 's report on the commission 's green paper ' legal protection for encrypted services in the internal market - consultation on the need for community action ' . libro
the principle of subsidiarity should restrict the opportunities for the eu to take new areas upon itself as is otherwise often urged in various green and white papers . libri
believe me , commissioner , we could also approve of projects on paper but this is not a fact . carta
this indeed , is one of the central messages of the green paper ' energy for the future - renewable energy sources ' recently issued by the commission . libro
as mentioned in the green paper , the commission believes that there is scope for a substantial increase in the use of renewable energy sources , and we are moving in that direction . libro
the european commission intends to submit a white paper before the end of 1997 together with an action plan dealing with renewable energy sources . libro
the action plan will be based on the green paper , and on the results of the dialogue taking place throughout the european union at this time on the basis of the green paper . libro
the white paper will also contain a series of special measures for the promotion of renewable energy sources . libro
subject : white paper on voluntary organizations and foundations libro
why has this white paper not yet been published , four years after the initial consultation and exactly one year after the commission stated it was ' likely to be agreed by the commission in the very near future ' ? libro
will the commission now give a firm and final date when it will present the draft white paper to a commission meeting , to assist all those in the voluntary sector who feel that europe does not care about them ? libro
mr president , the proposal for a white paper on voluntary organizations and foundations has been the subject of much deliberation over the past month , both within the european commission itself and with the associations , bodies and foundations involved . libro
it was essential to ascertain the accuracy of the information included in the white paper for all the member states and in particular the new countries , austria , finland and sweden , which were not members of the european union at the time of the initial survey used as a basis for the preparation of the proposal we have before us . libro
mr president , i am glad that i did not disappoint you and i do indeed hope that the date i gave you , 29 may , will be the day when the european commission adopts the white paper on the associations and foundations . libro
i am also glad that we have a commitment to the white paper . libro
i hope that the white paper we are about to produce will provide the best and i would say the most modern approach possible to what the honourable member was asking for . libro
but that is a subject to be discussed in the debate on the green paper . libro
mr tappin and i tried to find a solution , and this is certainly something to which we can address ourselves together when it comes to considering the green paper . libro
it is however open to question whether a recital , inserted into the directives on contracts and divorced from the regulatory context of those directives , is the most appropriate and effective way of achieving the legitimate objective in view - an objective which the commission expounded at length in its green paper on contracts , suggesting lines of thought and making specific proposals . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0148 / 97 ) by mrs todini , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , on the commission green paper ' education - training - research - the obstacles to transnational mobility ' ( com ( 96 ) 0462 - c4-0580 / 96 ) . libro
mr president , first of all i should like warmly to congratulate luisa todini on her excellent work on this green paper . libro
i therefore welcome the commission 's initiative of a green paper to stimulate a broad-based debate on ways of eliminating obstacles to mobility at national and european level . libro
the green paper says nothing specific as regards either the term ' trainee ' or what the suggested trainee status would entail . libro
as she says in her explanatory statement , this is the kind of green paper that should be published more often . libro
once again , apart from this excellent report drafted by mrs todini , on the green paper on education , training and research , only a little while ago , in the committee on culture , we voted on the fontaine report on recognition of higher education diplomas . libro
mr president , we agree with the assessment of the commission 's green paper contained in mrs todini 's excellent report , especially regarding the commission 's proposal to create a european ' qualifications space ' . libro
the danish social democrats in the european parliament have voted in favour of the report by mrs todini on the commission 's green paper analysing the main obstacles to mobility within the eu in the field of education , training and research . libro
the commission should be commended on an excellent piece of work in drawing up this green paper . libro
i therefore believe it is very important for the commission to use the proposals contained in the green paper without delay to create a european area of qualifications , so that we can develop the mutual recognition of academic courses by such means as greater use of credit transfer systems . libro
if they had produced what they were asked to this time , it would be the smallest piece of paper with the least written on it of anything produced because the intentions for investment in western europe in nuclear power are practically nil . documento
it is also formulated within the framework of the white paper on the energy policy of the european union and adopts the main themes of that white paper : competitiveness , security of supply and protection of the environment , applying them to the field of nuclear policy . libro
the sustainable energy policy supported in the stockmann report , also supported in the commission 's green paper , is given backing by portugal . libro
a few days ago , you all read in the papers about the fault in unit 1 , and while it may have been announced that there were no leaks , i do not know what might happen tomorrow . giornali
despite which , the plant is being built , as i read in a canadian paper - because a canadian company is building it - and indeed , with a type of reactor that will enable its nuclear waste to be processed into atomic weapons . giornale
i would say that the european commission puts before you a balanced strategy for the european union 's energy planning , the results - and i would say the proof - of which is that the very next subject of the debate in plenary is the report by mrs rothe on the basis of the green paper on renewable energy sources , a sector to which the community and the european commission also attach strategic importance . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0168 / 97 ) by mrs rothe , on behalf of the committee on research , technological development and energy , on the commission green paper : ' energy for the future : renewable sources of energy - for a community strategy ' ( com ( 96 ) 0576 - c4-0623 / 96 ) . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the commission 's green paper on renewable sources of energy is an ambitious project and forms a good basis for developing a strategy in this energy sector . libro
commissioner , the analysis in the green paper is excellent . libro
the truth will become apparent when we see the white paper and the accompanying strategic plan . libro
my group welcomes the green paper although this commission initiative took a long time coming despite repeated requests from parliament . libro
that makes what you say in your green paper all the more surprising , for it seems to suggest : how can i scoop water with a sieve ? libro
your analysis in the green paper is quite correct . libro
all these points are important and i can only hope that we will move from the lyrical words of the green paper to facts in the white paper . libro
mr president , i should like to add my own congratulations to the rapporteur , and also to the commissioner on the green paper . libro
mr president , the green paper on renewable sources of energy deserves praise for its very detailed examination of the benefits which are obtained from using renewable energy : a cleaner environment , more employment and a better economy . libro
the green paper 's section on strategy is unfortunately not up to the same standard as the excellent analytical section which precedes it . libro
similarly , the green paper should be calling for a common target for energy efficiency . libro
commissioner , let me say quite clearly that i expect the white paper at last to give a clearly formulated reply in economic terms to the question whether startup financing with ec resources really can encourage the market introduction of renewable energies - yes or no . libro
the commission 's green paper is a starting-point , but now it needs to be followed up , and we must ensure that renewable energy sources do not once again come to grief in practice . libro
well , do you seriously believe that the chinese cannot read the papers , or how do you think it looks ? giornali
ladies and gentlemen , the next item is the vote on the report ( a4-0168 / 97 ) by mrs rothe , on behalf of the committee on research , technological development and energy , on the communication from the commission : energy for the future : renewable sources of energy - green paper for a community strategy ( com ( 96 ) 0576 - c4-0623 / 96 ) libro
after the commission 's green paper we should see a white paper and an action plan to increase the share of sustainable sources in our energy supply . libro
the rothe report includes a large number of important ideas for the white paper . libro
the french delegation of the epp group voted in favour of the rothe report on the commission green paper on renewable energy sources . libro
it is , therefore , regrettable that the adopted resolution should include paragraph 3 and recital c. building a development strategy is not tantamount to a crusade against nuclear energy which nowadays supplies 35 % of the european union 's energy needs while the commission green paper considers on the basis of serious studies that the technical potential for developing renewable energies will not supply more than 15 % of our needs in the year 2020 . libro
i hope that the commission will include peat as a renewable natural resource in the white paper it is to prepare . libro
in both the green paper and the white paper on energy you spoke first of all of competitiveness , of prices , but i think it is more important to concentrate on supply security , which is beginning to be not so clear , commissioner . NULL
this proposal is based on the three fundamental aims defined by the white paper on energy policy , in other words to increase competitiveness , secure reliability of supply , and of course protect the environment . libro
we were also especially satisfied by the approval of our proposal to call on the commission to bring out a green paper on energy cooperation in asia , extending it to the central asian countries , namely kazakhstan , kyrghyzstan , uzbekhistan , tazhikhistan , turkmenistan and mongolia . libro
we have just paid an official visit to some of those countries and had an opportunity to examine the importance of this green paper on the spot . libro
statements on human rights and non-discrimination are not worth the paper they are written on unless there are legally enforceable guarantees . rivendicabili
primarily because the no-bail-out clause in the treaty is going to be a paper tiger in practice . tigre
the european union 's employment policy , explained most extensively in the white paper on competitiveness , productiveness and employment , has been an utter failure . libro
as mr monti has just said , the development of tax systems which penalize the labour factor was in fact referred to in the white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , and i would draw this crucial aspect to the attention of both the rapporteur and the commission . libro
mr president , the european commission was right to remind us in its strategy paper that fiscal policy in the european union needs to be reorganized . piano
i am very glad to see that the strategy paper deals with all the areas in which short- and medium-term solutions are required . tengano
the destructive tax competition which we are currently experiencing in the european union can be just as damaging , and it is therefore high time that the european parliament got to grips with the issues in the commission 's strategy paper and , with the help of the secchi report , defined a clear position on these topics once again . occupassimo
the next item is the report ( a4-0160 / 97 ) by mr harrison , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , on the commission 's communication to the european parliament and the council entitled ' the impact and effectiveness of the single market ' ( com ( 96 ) 0520 - c4-0655 / 96 ) and on the commission staff working paper : ' the 1996 single market review ' ( sec ( 96 ) 2378 - c4-0007 / 97 ) . 0655
as we have already noted critically in other reports , the member states are still very much dragging their feet over transposition of the directives that have been adopted since the 1985 white paper ; in many cases , our citizens and the economy are suffering from the fact that directives have not yet actually been applied . libro
there can be no doubt about the positive role of initiatives taken in the 1980s , beginning with the 1985 white paper , followed by the setting of a date and simplification of the legislative process through the single european act . libro
on a more positive note , i should like to say that in relation to food supplements , the commission in its green paper on food law adopted on 13 april 1997 , announced its intention to initiate technical consultations as soon as possible on the need for and possible scope of community legislation . libro
do you intend to produce a green paper on this topic , commissioner ? libro
madam president , it is not the intention at this time to propose publishing a green paper . libro
the information from the commission that only half the measures in the 1985 white paper on the internal market have been fully implemented in the member states is therefore very disturbing . libro
the next item on the agenda is the report , drawn up by mrs díez de rivera icaza on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , on the green paper on future noise policy ( a4-0183 / 97 ) . libro
we are now debating a mere green paper which replaced , and it is important to stress this , the commission 's previous promise to introduce legislation for a programme which is obviously insufficient and , as we all know , is not binding at any stage . libro
i must say that i am surprised that the committee on transport has not wished to submit an opinion on the green paper , even though the matter touches directly on air and land transport . libro
it is good to begin with a green paper , and it is good that we are opening a debate , but if we know anything it is the cause of noise ; most people , when inquiries are held into environmental problems , complain about noise . libro
the purpose of the green paper is to see first of all whether we can reach agreement amongst ourselves . libro
we therefore reject paragraph 23 which calls for framework legislation in the green paper , and we would prefer to tackle whatever needs to be done at european level and leave everything else to local , regional and national level , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity . libro
faced with a lack of legislation either at community level or , often , at member state level , we certainly cannot be satisfied with a green paper without precise commitments to ensure that in the near future we will finally have standards adequate to deal with the problems of all the citizens who face this situation . libro
the commission remains very reticent in its green paper , and rightly so , in my view . libro
i welcome the overdue green paper on noise because nearly seven out of ten people in europe are subjected to noise levels higher than those recommended for health . NULL
the issues called for in the green paper are all very fine : measurement , the information exchanges , the noise mapping . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , before i say anything about the green paper and about parliament 's position , i should like to express my pleasure in the fact that the rapporteur , mrs díez de rivera icaza , is with us once more . libro
in the commission 's opinion , the broad consultation that its green paper has stimulated will provide a solid basis for the drafting of measures to combat noise . libro
in the mean time , the commission has received 175 written contributions , and has organized numerous conferences on the aspects touched on in the green paper , which may also supply the commission with important information . libro
many municipal authorities have given us their opinions on the green paper , and this is in line with the concept of shared responsibility , whereby all those involved must work together to achieve a common objective . libro
we are aware of the fact that our green paper has given rise to great expectations on the part of those of our citizens who are exposed to noise pollution , and we must not disappoint those expectations . libro
vigorous and purposeful implementation of the delors white paper would have provided the kind of growth and impetus which would have matched the drive towards debt prudence . libro
the white paper can be implemented in full , alongside the member states ' own labour market policies and in addition to a different , alternative form of taxation system to produce lower social taxes . libro
if you look at your papers you will see that paragraph 15 contains the word ' new ' . documentazione
it seems now that we must now be content with a green paper , which should make it possible to hold a major debate on noise : a lots of ' ifs ' for little effectiveness . libro
the report contains many good addenda and specific points for the commission 's important green paper on combating noise . libro
at that time we sharply criticized as inadequate the commission 's half-hearted 1994 discussion paper on the situation of apiculture in europe and made specific proposals for , among other things , a pollination premium and compensatory payments for loss of income attributable to the absence of community preference . documento
back in 1994 , the commission put forward priority proposals for improving honey production and marketing in its discussion paper on the situation of apiculture in europe . documento
today , mr bangemann , we are discussing implementing provisions for the novel food regulation and , if i may quote from the green paper for food law , regulations are always to be used to increase the transparency of community law and facilitate the application of its provisions within the single market so that implementing regulations by individual states are unnecessary . libro
mr president , commissioner , the principle of equal pay for work of equal value , as between men and women , exists only on paper . carta
jacques delors was aware of this when he wrote in his white paper that environmental technologies can create jobs and , in that way , bring about a much fairer society . libro
we have also published a green paper to be debated by council . libro
it is the case of the first amendment which draws attention to the white paper and the green paper and the budgetary priority that the european parliament gives to the education programme . libro
it is only at a national level that citizens with the help of the ballot paper can demand accountability from their elected representatives and can elect new members who , in their turn , can institute new laws . schede
i fully support doris pack 's three main demands : firstly , the call to the current intergovernmental conference to include an explicit reference to sport in article 128 of the eu treaty ; secondly , the appeal to the commission to set up a task force on sport , so that the responsibilities for sport , which are currently divided among 18 directorsgeneral , i believe , can be concentrated in one body ; and thirdly , the request for the production of a green paper , after consultation with all the main sports organizations , with a view libro
so , commissioner , use this green paper as an opportunity to consult the sporting world in detail , and let us develop a structural approach and closer cooperation in this field . servendosi
a second very important point is the rapporteur 's request that the commission should set up a task force to look into the different aspects of sport , and draw up a green paper launching a comprehensive action plan . libro
until then , the drafting of a green paper or even the setting up of a task force would also be welcome . libro
i think that the idea of a green paper is an excellent one and even that of a task-force . libro
the italian papers have certainly emphasized the points you made about italy from the statements you made yesterday . in
we cannot call on eu enterprises to observe the eco-audit directive while we ourselves sidestep it in the case of our own buildings and our own approach to paper and the environment . carta
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , the white paper ' growth , competitiveness and employment ' already contains a notable overall view of what needs to be done to allow europe to enter the 21st century as a major player in the information society . libro
for the creation of infrastructures alone , jacques delors 's white paper puts the total finance needed to link up the entire european union at 150 billion euros . libro
yet i have a sneaking suspicion that once again a lot of money is to be spent mainly on producing paper . carta
you need not be , for i did not say that all you send us is papers . carte
there seems to be no other way of really implementing models of sustainable development , as called for in chapter 10 of the white paper . libro
the only thing which has been offered to national parliaments is that they will have access to the commission 's green and white papers in good time . libri
the only thing of any substance offered to the national parliaments is access to the commission 's green and white papers in good time . libri
green paper on commercial communications libro
together we have sought to rectify a serious shortcoming in the green paper in that greater protection is needed for consumers , and a quarter of the text of the resolution by the committee on economic and monetary affairs is now devoted to this . libro
finally , the main body of the text contains specific proposals to reinforce and supplement the green paper , a document which we nevertheless regard as a sound basis for action . libro
mr president , deputizing for my colleague , mr añoveros , and on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , i would firstly like to point out the timeliness of this green paper and the necessity , indeed , urgency , for the commission to address the matter of the intervention of community law in this particular area . libro
generally speaking , the committee on legal affairs supports the criteria on which the green paper is based and , also in general terms , subscribes to the line taken by the report by the committee on economic affairs . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , let me start with an aspect that struck me from the outset , the first time i set eyes on this commission green paper . libro
i would propose , then , that for comparable green papers in future the terminology chosen might be more to the point . libri
in germany , for example , and admittedly in many other states too - very thoroughly listed by the commission in the green paper - there are a whole range of highly exotic regulations . libro
i therefore especially support the efforts the commission is making , at last , to bring a holistic approach to this subject , and perhaps to use the green paper as a basis for developing additional proposals on the harmonization of advertising law . libro
i think it is far better , as this green paper considers , to adopt a holistic approach to the subject , to approach the issue of advertising law as a whole . libro
that is why this green paper , which finally spells things out clearly , has been welcomed with such enthusiasm . libro
mr president , the report which we are discussing forms a constructive and well balanced contribution to the evaluation of the green paper . libro
the report supports and reinforces the key proposal in the green paper concerning how to assess proportionality in national actions which appear to be obstacles to the internal market . libro
biotechnology and the white paper libro
the next item is the debate on the report ( a4-0239 / 97 ) by mr bowe , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , on the commission report ( com ( 96 ) 0630 - c4-0008 / 97 ) on the review of directive 90 / 220 / eec in the context of the commission 's communication on biotechnology and the white paper . libro
i believe our work would ultimately have been easier if the preparation of this paper had included a clearer choice of alternative options . documento
madam president , the commission has been very good about keeping its promise in the white paper to produce a report reviewing directive 90 / 220 / eec . libro
in order to achieve that , the commission is currently drafting a white paper on this subject , and i hope that the white paper will give us the necessary basis on which to establish common rules and hence make it possible to impose requirements on the matter in specific environmental legislation . libro
mr president , i am speaking both to present my own report on the green paper on numbering , and also on the report by mr argyros . libro
having dealt with legislation on the operation of the telecommunications market , interconnection and licensing , we have now moved on to directives and green papers concerned primarily with the interests of consumers - namely the content and operation of the universal service - such as this green paper on a numbering policy in the european union . libri
my group agrees with the main thrust of the proposals in the green paper , and we would like to know what the commissioners think about our proposals and amendments . libro
mr president , i would like to speak on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights to express our opinion on mr van velzen 's report on the green paper dealing with numbering policy in the field of telecommunications services in europe . libro
with regard to the green paper and from the legal standpoint - which was the view adopted by the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights - this is undoubtedly a necessary and timely initiative . libro
i , as draftswoman of the opinion , have had to summarize nearly a kilo of photocopies of directly relevant texts in order to study this green paper - my apologies for quantifying the legal paperwork in this way . libro
the line of argument he set out , as well as the amendments , point in the same direction as the responses we have been receiving to the green paper , and this is also the direction in which the commission wishes to proceed . libro
the two enterprises have been closed for the moment and we are scrutinizing all the papers , dossiers and so on . documenti
strategy papers place great emphasis on analysing individual countries ' and regions ' constraints to take account of past , current and likely future crises . documenti
i just wish to add that these strategic papers were for the first time drawn up after prior consultation of the member states , the world bank , undp and , in some instances , the united states . documenti
i firmly believe that it was a very encouraging result , but one which still falls short of what i consider to be a strategic paper oriented towards full and comprehensive development . documento
he will be aware that i and others were somewhat concerned that in the green paper there was very little , if any , reference to the issue of conflict prevention . libro
i thank mrs kinnock for emphasizing the importance of conflict prevention and the fact that it is not present in the green paper as it should be . libro
we thought that they were so recent that they would be taken along with the green paper as very important current issues . libro
this amendment refers to the final declaration which the commission has annexed to the council 's common position , stating its commitment to preparing new legislative initiatives in this sector on the basis of reactions to the green paper on the citizens ' network . libro
as we see it , the commission 's next step should be to produce its white paper on the internalization of external costs , and also the study that was specifically requested in the schmidbauer report , giving evidence of the external costs of all modes of transport . libro
as rapporteur on the commission 's green paper on internalizing the external costs of transport , i see the commission proposal as a first step towards the practical implementation of a fair pricing system , based on the principle that the polluter pays . libro
add to all this the contents of the commission 's green paper on the internalization of external transport costs in the european union , in which the proposed procedures raise serious doubts as to the capacity to deal with so complex a problem , since the information it offers is scant and unreliable , and let us also take into account the fact that the commission itself confesses to doubts regarding the calculation of external costs . libro
mr president , commissioner , i should like to say that your services should have had the time to write a shorter paper . libro
it has been presented very quickly but i should also like to pay tribute to all those who wanted to respond to the commission 's paper so quickly . documento
but i do believe that the necessary powers are lacking , lacking both to the commission and to the associations ; so we have not really made much progress yet , as the commission itself comments in the green paper on food law . libro
the waste hierarchy has been in existence since 1989 , when the commission first proposed it in their waste management strategy paper of that year . documento
the commission 's proposal should introduce some aspects of harmonization mentioned in the green paper ' towards fair and efficient pricing in transport ' , which sets out the long-term guidelines for a policy of charging on infrastructural costs and the costs of congestion in road transport . libro
first , parliament calls upon the commission to take due account , in its proposal for a directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles , of the thoughts set out in the green paper on ' the internalization of the external costs of transport ' and the conclusions of the corresponding parliamentary resolution of 30 january 1997 . libro
green paper on competition policy libro
the next item is the report by mrs thyssen ( a4-0242 / 97 ) , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , on the commission green paper on vertical restraints in ec competition policy ( com ( 96 ) 0721 - c4-0053 / 97 ) . libro
while virtually everyone appreciates the policy which has hitherto been applied with regard to various aspects of vertical agreements , it is also generally being welcomed that we now have the green paper and that this robust analysis will encourage those concerned to indicate where they stand . libro
we too set great store by this approach , commissioner , and that is also why we have done everything possible to produce our opinion on the green paper within the timescale you have laid down . libro
the commission 's green paper gives us an excellent opportunity to review group exemptions and perhaps redefine them or change their scope . libro
the commission 's green paper is a welcome document now that we need to create modern legislation which reflects the real world . libro
mr president , the green paper on vertical restraints in competition policy reflects a struggle for supremacy between the principles of legal certainty , effectiveness and flexibility . delle
according to the green paper , these are admission thresholds . libro
the rapporteur is justifiably critical of the fact that opening hours and zoning laws are classified in the green paper as admission thresholds . libro
i should basically like to say the following , but perhaps first i would just say something about a brief sentence in the green paper which has in fact been taken slightly out of context , namely opening hours and everything associated with them . libro
what we have noted is a trend in some member states , which we welcomed , but at the same time - and this is also in the green paper - we have said that this kind of trend must not of course take place at the expense of other things , for example social concerns . libro
i should like to deal in more detail with a number of the comments made in the report , but i would firstly welcome the fact - and the speeches have just highlighted this once again - that virtually all those who have given this subject their attention are on the same wavelength as the analysis contained in the green paper ; they are also pleased that the commission is willing to look critically at this issue and has therefore asked everyone involved for their opinion , and that after a somewhat long but thorough discussion , we can then libro
the commission 's green paper is a discussion document which outlines several alternatives . libro
if this were not possible , the guideline would not be worth the paper it is printed on . carta
in my local paper , the birmingham mail , i am told that an advertisement is going to be unveiled in birmingham this week in the form of an electronic , 20-foot-high billboard showing a woman taking off her clothes continuously . giornale
on paper all the countries in europe are now democracies , which is totally unique in historical perspective . carta
green paper on commerce libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0254 / 97 ) by mr garosci , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , on the commission 's green paper on commerce ( com ( 96 ) 0530-c40646 / 96 ) libro
mr president , i have an evening all to myself - or rather , all for commerce - and i think it deserves this special sitting devoted to the distribution system and the commission 's green paper . libro
the green paper on commerce was in fact completed at the end of 1996 after almost two years of preparation . libro
the green paper is the result of the political and executive attention paid to commerce since 1994 , with greater involvement of the community institutions , which had previously been more concerned with other economic sectors and larger companies , certainly not concentrating on commerce and small and medium-sized firms . libro
hence the need , recognized in the green paper , to monitor and devote attention and resources to all the various forms of commercial distribution libro
with the green paper on commerce all the public and private institutions and the direct players in the market , large and small , were invited to take part in discussion to lead , within two years , to the completion of a final white paper . libro
the governments of the member states , in their different ways , and naturally upholding the principle of subsidiarity , must be the first to adopt the suggestions of the green paper to standardize , where possible , and set up a comprehensive programme for their country 's commercial system . libro
i should also like to say how pleased we are that the commission has become increasingly willing to give more attention to the commercial sector , as shown by the production of this green paper on commerce . libro
obviously , it is the most important outlet for manufacturing activity , which is also a very important basic element of our economies . furthermore , as shown in this green paper and emphasized in mr garosci 's report , commerce has very important social effects in the area of employment and the promotion of private enterprise , which normally starts at sme level . libro
mr president , mr commissioner , we are very pleased that the vast sector of trade is at last being tackled by the commission in a green paper , although the figures mentioned are totally out of date as they date from the beginning of the 1990s . libro
this green paper should be particularly important because of the predominant role that trade plays in the search for new pools of jobs , since it is the second largest employer in the community . libro
it therefore appears that the commission is content to note the difficulties in the trade sector in its green paper without proposing solutions . libro
mr president , the commission 's green paper on commerce gives a good analysis of the situation in which european commerce finds itself at the moment . libro
i should be pleased to hear from the commissioner whether he will be including these ideas in the future white paper . libro
the green paper , mr commissioner , has therefore not come too soon and especially not as there is now quite a lot of movement in this sector . comnissario
mr president , the fact that in its green paper the commission gives a lot of space to the role of the retail trade on the introduction of the euro is a good thing . libro
mr president , i am curious to know the reaction of other parties to the green paper . libro
ladies and gentlemen , it is indeed a great pleasure for me to be here with you today to inform you of the sequel to the promotion of those issues that are examined in the green paper on commerce . libro
and i will not hide from you the fact that i was especially pleased that parliament decided on its own initiative to submit a report on the subject of the green paper . libro
at this point allow me to congratulate the rapporteur , mr garosci , for this wonderful report which he is presenting to us , and for the detailed analysis of the green paper that he makes in the report . libro
the basic aim of the green paper is to provoke a wider dialogue on the future of the sector in europe . libro
i agree with the comment that was expressed that the green paper does not give an exhaustive description of the situation and of the prospects for commerce . libro
we must emphasize the fact that there has been noticeable progress since the publication of the green paper . libro
electronic trade was also one of the basic challenges of the green paper . libro
however , i know that all of us who have responsibility for this huge undertaking - the creation of jobs - and for the creation of better conditions for the development of commerce and of economic activities within the european union , that is to say , the council , the european parliament and the european commission , will agree that , in order to be equal to this great challenge , in order to be able to face up to and to formulate a white paper on commerce , we need the support of the directorate general xxiii in libro
i hope that the potentially useful ideas in the green paper and this report now lead to practical policies to help our local shops enjoy a successful future . libro
i continue to go on about the non-implementation , the scandalous non-implementation , of the delors white paper from 1993 , particularly with regard to the transeuropean networks . libro
it would not only reduce the paper mountain but ensure greater consistency in our positions . carta
on this point i want to underline the interest that the commission will find in the wider and more vigorous exploitation of the conclusions in the white paper on growth and employment . libro
the alber report will therefore provide material for numerous , nay countless , seminar papers and dissertations , which cannot be sand of many other academic texts of this type . tesine
just as it is also imperative to ensure that conditionality on human rights applies to all european union-asean agreements , and that this is not only agreed on paper but effectively secures the social rights of workers and the individual freedom of citizens . carta
the next item is the report ( a4-0274 / 97 ) by mr martens , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , on the commission 's green paper on relations between the european union and the acp countries on the eve of the 21st century - challenges and options for a new partnership ( com ( 96 ) 0570 - c4-0639 / 96 ) . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i cannot go into the detail of this complicated subject here , but i shall attempt to give you the gist of my report on the commission 's green paper on relations between the european union and the acp countries on the eve of the 21st century - challenges and options for a new partnership . libro
here too , we make concrete proposals which accord with the ideas in the green paper to a great extent . libro
the green paper has stimulated a broad debate in the european union . libro
mr president , in its green paper , the european commission rightly states that the balance of lomé is moderate . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as a supporter , not of a europe of fusion and confusion but of a confederal europe which respects the freedom and sovereignty of our peoples , you will not be surprised when i say that we do not approve of all of the spirit of the green paper nor the report by mr martens . libro
commissioner pinheiro will recall that many of us expressed some reservations about the green paper but we very much welcome the consultation that has taken place and the opportunity for dialogue since the publication of the green paper . libro
in this context it can also be seen that a comparison of the green paper with the report shows how much the debate has moved on . libro
that is what the green paper does ; for example , by pointing out that the idea of partnership does not work in many countries because there is insufficient institutional capacity to conduct this partnership . libro
such an analysis is missing from the green paper and maybe it is a task that the committee on external economic relations should take upon itself in the coming months . libro
finally , the commission 's white paper strives to accommodate the growing insecurity of employment and even to justify it in the name of flexibility . libro
the white paper strives to favour the progression in europe from a pensions system based on assessment to a mixed system with minimal guarantees for employees through assessment , the rest being ensured by pension funds . libro
i cannot approve of the report 's support of the commission 's white paper without some qualifications . libro
the commission 's green paper on the future of relations between the european union and the countries of africa , the caribbean and the pacific ( acp ) is an initiative with wide political implications , in terms of both strategic options and operations . libro
the commission 's green paper was intended as a catalogue of ideas , but as such it is an imperfect draft . libro
the commission , which is the guardian of the treaties , mr commissioner , would do well to question , as rolf linkohr has just said , this institutional deviation which is becoming more and more serious , and where we see a particular council like ecofin assuming powers exceeding even those of the council of europe , as we saw recently with the white paper . libro
we must capitalize on the proposals contained in the white paper , in the confidence pact , in our macroeconomic strategy , in the multitude of actions being undertaken , and magnify them . libro
since mr delors ' white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , not a single new idea has been put forward , let alone a start being made on implementing the existing proposals . libro
it is therefore wrong to focus on quantitative criteria , as proposed by the commission in its strategy paper . documento
this is currently published in paper and nobody reads it . carta
the next item is the report ( a4-0309 / 97 ) by mr tappin , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , on the commission green paper on public procurement in the european union : exploring the way forward ( com ( 96 ) 0583 - c4-0009 / 97 ) libro
mr president , it gives me great pleasure to present the report on the green paper on public procurement to parliament . libro
the green paper is a policy paper . libro
the cure cannot be for the commission to take on further direct powers and tasks in the member states and for bureaucracy to be thereby increased , as one of the questions in the green paper asked . libro
this is an important part of the european internal market and in the green paper the commission has tried to carry out a stocktaking exercise . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , first i would like to thank mr tappin for his excellent report , which raises the problems to do with the commission 's green paper on public procurement . libro
it is said , commissioner , that there is going to be no white paper . libro
mr president , i think that this subject of combatting fraud and the inspections we are making this year as well with mr bösch 's excellent report provide a litmus paper for measuring the eu 's capacity to develop in a dual sense : one of greater efficiency and one of maintaining fundamental democratic characteristics . tornasole
let us not forget that although we have the single market on paper , we are a long way from having that single market in reality . carta
today , the danish social democrats have voted in favour of the report by michael tappin dealing with the commission 's green paper , covering the field of public sector procurement . libro
the danish social democrats look forward to the continuing debate on the field of public procurement based on the commission 's green paper and the report of the european parliament now produced . libro
indeed , we enter into massive agreements on paper , and in practice we give priority to rich american financiers or others who do not hesitate to destroy economies and trample on our moral commitments , in the pursuit of enormous profits with the markets and commerce as their guide . fastosi
the commission recently presented a paper proposing a community response to the initiative in favour of such countries , launched by the international community in the wake of the lyons summit , with a view of lightening the debt burden of these countries . comunicazione
the next item is the report ( a4-0297 / 97 ) by mr barzanti , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the communication from the commission : follow-up to the green paper on copyright and related rights in the information society ( com ( 96 ) 0568 - c4-0090 / 97 ) . libro
it is , therefore , in the interests of all concerned that now , following extensive discussion of the green paper , the commission should produce with all good haste a draft guideline that contains regulations covering all the burning questions , and does not merely adjourn some issues once again . libro
mr president , mr commissioner , as the rapporteur rightly said , the green paper on copyright and related rights in the information society is a commission document which seeks to discuss what sort of legal treatment should be given to copyright in a dynamic environment characterized by technological development which makes possible both new forms of reproduction and new means of expression for intellectual works . libro
this was not just printed paper , and the slovak leadership should be aware that this is the last opportunity to take part in an early round of talks on the eastward enlargement . carta
while it is true that there is no proof as yet , when such a respected paper as libération takes it seriously and also reports that the paper itself is not allowed to send any journalists there in order to check the matter out , then it is very serious . ration
only a short while ago upm-kymmene finland and the asian group april , operating from singapore , agreed on the establishment of a joint company for the manufacture of paper . carta
the new concern is the largest producer of high-grade paper in europe . carta
in asia , paper mills in sumatra , indonesia and china will produce about two million tonnes of paper and cellulose . cartiere
nordland paper in germany also belongs to upm-kymmene , and is involved in the eurasian deal . papier
mr president , i do not think there is anything better than when , once husband and children are out of the house , one can settle down quietly at the breakfast table with a cigarette , a cup of coffee and the newspaper , and at last read the paper in peace . giornale
for this daily newspapers as well as specialist newspapers , specialist weeklies and local papers play a most important role towards pluralism , analysis of news and above all depth of knowledge . giornali
the next item is the report ( a4-0227 / 97 ) by mr whitehead , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education and the media on the commission green paper on the protection of minors and human dignity in audiovisual and information services ( com ( 96 ) 0483-c4-0621 / 96 ) . libro
we wanted funding for research into the possible applications of the ' v-chip ' , as the commission green paper has also called for . libro
the issue of convergence is now itself the subject of a further green paper , not yet circulated to mere members of this parliament , from dg xiii . libro
when i hear that an as yet unseen paper on convergence is circulating which takes a rather hostile view to traditional views of regulation - i understand that dg x and , indeed , its commissioner have protested this matter already - i would simply like to say that we in this house also feel that the issue of convergence ought to be right out there in the open with all the agencies of the commission , and indeed of parliament , discussing the matter . documento
the notion of voluntary compliance , supported to some extent by the green paper , is all very fine as far as it goes but codes created by commissions are made to be obeyed and not broken . libro
on this point the green paper is disappointing . libro
this is the question to which the green paper has tried to give a partial response . libro
in this perspective , the green paper on protection of minors and of human dignity was approved by the commission on 16 october 1996 , just a year ago , to start a broad debate on one essential question : the protection of minors and human dignity in the audio-visual and information services of television and the internet . NULL
first aspect : the debates which accompanied the issue of the green paper showed the interest of all parties concerned in an ethical approach to the information society . libro
i would like to thank the rapporteur for an excellent report , and in furthering its aims we hope to heighten our respect for animals , not only on paper , but also in industry . carta
i draw attention to the work going on in the council of ministers of the union which will result in the introduction of a new generation of electronic tachographs , to the development of proposals for tougher rules on access to the road haulage profession and to the white paper on working time which proposed that the relevant principles of community legislation be extended to all the sectors currently excluded , including road haulage . libro
the white paper on excluded sectors has been published and there will be draft legislation available by the end of this year . libro
what used to appear , even quite recently , in the " news in brief ' column of the papers , is today at the very heart of a crisis of confidence which has not been defused merely by charging the perpetrators of the crimes of which julie , melissa , an and eefje are the best known victims . attutita
we are hopeful that these points will be covered by the white paper on renewable energy sources which is at the present time being prepared by the commission and on the basis of which the development of a european industry will be encouraged , with fundamental opportunities for the export of know-how and investment to third countries , chiefly in central and eastern europe , but also to southern mediterranean countries . libro
when we look at the low rates of growth in the last few years it is clear too that considerable efforts will be necessary to achieve the very modest goal set in the green paper on renewable energy of a doubling of these sources . libro
apart from standard economic measures which - at least we hope , commissioner papoutsis - you will be presenting shortly as part of the white paper , in its response to the green paper the european parliament has demanded a more ambitious and financially stronger altener ii programme . libro
in the report on the green paper , the european parliament demanded a major community programme for sustainable energies with a million photovoltaic systems on roofs and facades , 15 , 000 megawatt wind farms and 1 , 000 megawatt biomass plants . libro
i trust , commissioner papoutsis , that you will shortly be giving us a white paper which reflects this , so that the first specific steps can be taken in the - as we have said - financially inadequate altener ii programme , which must then be put on a sounder financial footing later . libro
mr president , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen - the few of you here - i believe we must first congratulate the commission , and especially commissioner papoutsis , who has shown great sensitivity - mediterranean sensitivity , i would say - towards these issues , as witnessed by the green paper , and as i hope will be witnessed by the forthcoming white paper , which we are awaiting with expectation . libro
the first point i would like to make concerns the green paper on renewable energy sources , which i had the opportunity of presenting to you a few months ago . libro
your recommendations and the generous support that you gave to the green paper allowed us to move forward to the elaboration of the white paper on a community strategy and a new plan of action on renewable energy sources . libro
i would like to say to you that i intend to present this white paper to the commission some time during november . libro
as regards amendment no 12 , we believe that we can incorporate into the proposal a general reference to the goal of doubling the share of participation of renewable energy sources by 2010 as a result of the debates on the white paper . libro
monitoring the implementation of the strategy and its progress at community level and at the level of the member states alike must cover all aspects and all sectors that are developed in the white paper . libro
amendment no 4 is an example of an initiative which would be more suitably included in the white paper on our community strategy . libro
this morning i read in paper and saw on belgian television that the council made virtually no progress on employment yesterday . giornali
the summit should also treat competition policy as something that can be used constructively , as emerged very clearly from the delors white paper . libro
when debating the commission 's green paper on renewable sources of energy , the european parliament recommended introducing a requirement that at least 15 % of european energy consumption should be covered by renewable sources of energy by the year 2010 . libro
mr president , i wish to begin by saying that i am broadly in agreement with the paper presented by the commission and most certainly with the report by my colleague mrs heinisch and the amendments she has recommended . documento
secondly , because they remove the reference to the commission 's white and green papers , and those provide the basis for the approach explaining the connection between the needs of the labour market and society in general . libri
ladies and gentlemen , we heard of the commission 's communication regarding consumer health and food safety with the greatest of interest , as well as the green paper on the general principles of community legislation . libro
the appropriate consultation paper has been prepared and sent to parliament , and since 14 november it has also been available on the internet . documento
a european principle of nondiscrimination thus exists only on paper , but the national right to exceptions is concrete . carta
and , last but not least , in the delors white paper there is finally a serious decision about tax reductions , the shift from tax on labour to the environment , to raw materials and to capital . libro
first , i have written a letter on this question to the spanish government , and i have already commented on it once in the debate on the green paper on numbering here in parliament . libro
the reference to the code number for gibraltar in the appendix to the green paper about a numbering plan is not in the ' countries ' column , but in an untitled column , containing explanations of the actual use of certain code numbers , including quite different code numbers such as short codes for european services , telephone information , etc . libro
on the subject you are talking about now i would just like to say to you that this matter is covered in the green paper on work organization and the deadline for submissions is 30 november . libro
finally , since the question of social security has been mentioned by a few contributors , i should say that the adaptation of social security rules to stimulate more innovative forms of work organization is one of the issues covered by the commission 's green paper on work organization . libro
if so , commissioner , why was gender analysis so abysmally omitted from the lomé green paper ? libro
we saw that in the green paper on lomé , but also in other agreements . libro
but i saw in the paper today that my minister of transport did not manage to get the european council of ministers to discuss something as topical as the transport strikes in france , because the councils are no longer able discuss topical issues , if these have not been extensively prepared by officials . NULL
when i get the answer on paper i am going to go through it again and i will come back if i feel that the answer needs to be elaborated . iscritto
but despite the intention in the delors white paper it is obvious that in reality no shift from tax on labour to other sources is taking place ; quite the reverse . libro
mr president , commissioner , because of the green paper i am not convinces that this matter arising will be sorted out satisfactorily in this house , as we are still seeing some resistance to any liberalization on this point , particularly on the part the socialists . libro
mr president , whilst working on the green paper on numbering it emerged that there is a need for pan-european numbers . libro
already during the discussion of the green paper on number policy for telecommunication services , i expressed my support for the introduction of number portability and carrier preselection . libro
whilst we take great care that no one gets hold of the paper needed for printing money , no one pays any attention to plastic money . carta
first , organized crime needs to be fought not only paper , but in the tough real world . carta
i hope that this report , like a white paper , will serve as an important basis for a full debate on how we are to bring about a europe that is characterized by freedom , safety and justice . libro
the open debate since the green paper shows that our cooperation with the acp has lost legitimacy both within and outside the european union , this cooperation is also no longer unique when commercial preferences are subjected to continuous erosion , and the debate also shows that the acp is no longer pre-eminent in our actions . libro
is odysseus going to tell the civil servants concerned that if asylum seekers have false papers , this will not mean that they cannot be genuine refugees ? documenti
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i used to be the rapporteur for the green paper on support for the audio-visual production industry in europe and that was a long time ago . libro
with agenda 2000 the commission presented a paper designed to show the way to an enlarged union . documento
we must also see , and this is the third remark , that we have compiled an examination paper , according to which , as it were , entry is the certificate of capacity for democracy , and all countries are measured against this capacity for democracy . redigere
in summary it might be said that , in the light of the content of the report , in voting for it support is given for no one enlargement strategy , or possibly all of them , so subtly does this paper deal with them . documento
green paper on a partnership for a new organization of work libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0313 / 97 ) by mr andersson , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the commission green paper " partnership for a new organization of work ' . libro
mr president , i would like to begin by thanking the commission for an excellent green paper . libro
finally i would like to thank the commission for a good green paper , and i would like to thank my colleagues on the committee for a constructive collaboration , both within the committee and hopefully also now that we are considering the matter in this part-session . libro
to that extent there are some very welcome initiatives coming from the andersson report and from the commission 's green paper . libro
mr president , first i would like to congratulate jan andersson , the rapporteur , on his success in being able to include in the report the criticisms the standing committee on employment and social welfare posed in respect of the commission 's green paper . libro
the conclusion the commission 's green paper draws , that the reorganization of work casts doubt on the whole basis of labour legislation and labour market relationships , is , in my opinion , pretty peculiar , to say the least . NULL
according to the commission 's green paper , new forms of organization of work are needed in order to be able to increase the competitiveness of the union 's companies . libro
as far as our amendment no 6 is concerned , the green paper also says that influence and participation are important matters for a new organization of work . libro
finally it should be noted that the green paper has taken up many of the suggestions from the european parliament in the last few years . libro
mr president , i am sorry but i cannot say that i agree with this document as it stands , or with the contents of the green paper . libro
mr president , on behalf of the european people 's party may i again welcome the commission 's green paper and congratulate mr andersson on his factual and well-balanced report . libro
there are new aspects to be found in the present green paper and the report : with regard to the site discussion , for instance , it says that we should not just conduct a cost debate on this issue . libro
mr president , the commission green paper does not offer anything new . libro
nor does the commission 's green paper focus on the effects of equal opportunities now that employees have to be more flexible when it comes to working hours . libro
i am afraid that the approach of the green paper and of the andersson report do not facilitate modernization and enterprise . libro
mr president , let me begin by congratulating mr andersson on an excellent report on the green paper on a new organization of work . libro
the commission also welcomes the support which this house is giving the green paper and we shall take account of the proposals and opinions which parliament presents in its report . libro
the commission is going to follow up the green paper over the next year . libro
these guidelines are also reflected in the green paper , not least with regard to adaptability . libro
they arrive in a new country often illegally , without papers and are then trapped . documenti
i hope that , in the same way as a white paper , it will serve as an important basis for a thorough debate on how we shall realize a free , safe and just europe . libro
the clear agreement between the views in this report and the commission 's green paper merely confirms my view that the majority of the european parliament fully share the commission 's views on how the future european labour market is to be organized . libro
so the report simply glosses over the negative effects which the proposals in the commission 's green paper would have , such as the adverse effects which introducing an annual working hours standard would have for employees ' family life and their social life as a whole . libro
the commission has set out its ideas in several preliminary papers and in the final proposal . documenti
as you know , we recently introduced the white paper on a community strategy and a plan of action for regenerative energy sources . libro
now i await your reactions , your thoughts on the white paper and subsequently we will have the opportunity to debate this issue extensively in the near future . libro
finally , with regard to the possible improvements to arrive at a better application of the community regulations on contracts , the commission has started a debate on its green paper and plans shortly to adopt a communication in which it will propose specific measures with regard to the interpretation of the existing rules and possible legislative amendments . libro
i would also like to say that many infringement actions derive from notifications given by companies and point out that , within the scope of the broader consultation opened up by the green paper on public contracts , that gave rise to a further 300 contributions , one aspect much taken into consideration is that which seems to make the notification of things going wrong more effective . libro
mr president , this is one of the most important topics for the actual completion of the single market , and it is precisely for that reason that we are giving it the greatest attention , as parliament will see as soon as the commission presents the communication on consultation resulting from the green paper at the beginning of 1998 . libro
this is taking place more and more , although not at the rate we would like , and a whole series of actions , provided for in the green paper , on the information , training plan and so on , seek to integrate to an ever greater extent this as yet not completely single public contracts market . libro
with this objective in mind in the next actions relating to contracts , those which , i repeat once again , appropriately consult the green paper , the aspect of electronic information will be taken into consideration and emphasized in particular . libro
the report also asks for green and white papers to be published by the commission , laying out a timetable plan to translate treaty and charter aspirations into action and also seeks a special responsibility for public services to be attributed to one of the commissioners and one of the commission 's directorates general and for parliamentary committees to have a specific brief within this area . NULL
in that context , with regard to the white paper , i wish , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , to draw attention to the following . libro
whilst the commission points out in the white paper that consumers can benefit from the liberalization of public services , the very same process will mean that in some peripheral regions and where there is no possibility of profit in that service , the liberalization might result in services only being available at a price which excludes many consumers , or may simply mean that there will be no service at all . libro
the billingham report indicates to you today that it will be necessary to go further , by means of a green paper , and a white paper , that it would be better to define what is to be understood by a mission of general economic interest , in the same way that it will be necessary to specify the notion of general interest services other than from a purely consumerist conception . libro
in conclusion , i suggest resolutely supporting the excellent report by our colleague , mrs billingham , and in particular to encourage the drafting of a green and a white paper to give us a truly adequate conception and good legislation in the field of general economic interest . libro
we have seen recently a green paper on the possible convergence between telecommunications and broadcasting where sadly , the commission - or some elements of the commission - have failed to recognize this point . libro
allow me to quote a few figures to put the problem into perspective : in 1997 , the commission presented 13 white or green papers , 103 communications - some of them virtually compulsory , while others were consultation documents - and 116 reports , all of which were requested of us . furthermore , i believe there are three important reasons for producing consultation documents . libri
we have prepared a white paper on the prevention of damage to the environment . libro
yes , there is a green paper about food law . libro
i would just very much like to see a result of the reflection , and i do not want another green paper , i do not want another white paper , i want crisp legislative initiatives . libro
we in the committee on transport and tourism also fear that in 1998 we will receive more statements and white papers than specific legislative proposals . libri
but our work should be serious , responsible and punctual , and if we are unable to make progress on a specific matter at a certain time , we should explain why that is , or why we think we have to resort to a green paper . libro
the previous commission raised this matter and issued a green paper , which produced a series of responses . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0374 / 97 ) by mr jové peres , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the note to the council of ministers and the european parliament on the olive and olive oil sector ( including economic , cultural , regional , social and environmental aspects ) , the current common market organization , the need for a reform and the alternatives envisaged - options paper ( com ( 97 ) 0057 ) - c4-0096 / 97 ) documento
and precisely the same message is formulated in the commission 's green paper on the european union 's food legislation , which emphasizes that it is desirable to simplify and rationalise the community 's food legislation to simply limiting its proposals to measures which are necessary to protect popular health and consumers . libro
this is particularly absurd when the commission has just completed a lengthy process by finally presenting us with white paper on renewable energy sources . libro
this is very important , because we take too many decisions based on paper bureaucracy . carta
mr president , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , four year after the white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , i notice with satisfaction that benchmarking occupies an important place on the european employment agenda . libro
white paper on railways and rail freight freeways libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0412 / 97 ) by mr sarlis , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on the commission 's white paper " a strategy for revitalizing the community 's railways ' , and the communication from the commission to the council , the european parliament , the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions , " trans european rail freight freeways ' ( com ( 97 ) 0242 - c40269 / 97 ) . libro
firstly i must emphasize that the views , the proposals and the conclusions of the white paper should not be surprising , given the fact that , to a large degree , they are in keeping and in harmony with the principles laid down for the first time in the 1965 council resolution no 271 and regulation 1191 / 69 . libro
however , ladies and gentlemen , the committee on transport agrees with many of the proposals of the white paper , such as those relating to economic measures and to the revitalizing of the railways , those relating to services of mutual benefit , to the integration of national systems and , above all , those relating to rail freight freeways . libro
yet the white paper only devotes a few anodyne lines to the social consequences of the policy to be followed , which mr sarlis rightly criticizes . libro
many workers ' actions have taken place , with public support , and last november 10 000 rail workers from the european union demonstrated in brussels against the direction the white paper was moving in . libro
mr president , the white paper conveys very clearly the precarious position of the european railway companies . libro
i therefore support the remedy recommended in the white paper , which is for there to be more competition on the railways . libro
on 19 november 1996 , tens of thousands of railway workers from the european union demonstrated in brussels against the european commission 's white paper . they would not have done that without a reason . libro
mr president , the commission 's white paper is full of the necessity for great foresight . libro
the plans resulting from the white paper for freeways for the benefit of freight transport is proof of the notion that words and paper are no longer enough . libro
the report by the committee on transport and tourism to which my colleague mr sarlis has given his best efforts , shares the analysis made in the white paper , but displays some reticence when it comes to the speed of the necessary restructuring . libro
mr president , i should like to welcome the commission white paper and the sarlis report . libro
i commend the sarlis report to the house and congratulate the commission on introducing its white paper . libro
i want to address this paper on that basis . documento
mr president , the commission 's white paper is aimed at the immediate liberalization of rail transport , and especially the unlimited access of private businesses to rail networks . libro
clearly , there are many ways of achieving this and i am not sure that we are all in agreement with the method proposed in the white paper . libro
this is why the idea has been put forward in a white paper enabling the question of liberalization to be considered as a whole . libro
unfortunately , not only does the white paper maintain fully the amendments to directive 91 / 440 , it goes further . libro
it now seems that the white paper , as it is presented , is not a realistic way to handle the future of the railways . libro
the methods of transport will become competitive once again if we deal with these aspects as well as the white paper on railways , so as to enable the various means of transport to compete fairly . libro
mr president , i seem to have been missed out of the minutes as the last speaker on item 11 , the white paper on railways and rail freight freeways . libro
i will personally call for attention for this point in my report to the committee on employment and social affairs on the green paper on pensions . libro
with its white paper on the revitalization of the railways , the european commission is returning to a philosophy which is dear to its heart : only immediate and unconditional liberalization will ensure the viability of the rail sector . libro
at the time of the publication of the white paper , very strong reactions were heard in condemnation of the determined pursuit of free-market objectives by the commission . libro
the sarlis report , in turn , limits itself to supporting the strategy of the white paper . libro
it is satisfying to note that the corresponding committee has succeeded in reaching a sensible and balanced line on the commission 's white paper on a strategy for an efficient and modern railway system . libro
i continue to believe that the white paper on the revitalization of the railways recommends a liberalization which i cannot accept . libro
as for employment within the cultural sphere , i would remind you that within the next few weeks the commission will be presenting a green paper on culture , cultural industries and employment , which will refer specifically to music . libro
we want a system which is not only comprehensive on paper but , in fact , which works in practice . carta
we are concerned by the times , because since 1995 , when the strategy paper on the future of the cap was adopted in barcelona by the european commission , unfortunately we are still at general statements , perhaps too general and generic , on the european agricultural model . paper
since the adoption of the pepper report last january financial participation has , amongst many other topics , been discussed in the context of the green paper on partnership for a new organization of work . libro
as regards other actions proposed by parliament , the commission would prefer to wait until the final results of the consultation launched on the basis of the green paper on work organization , plus the issue of setting up a working party , could be considered in the context of the possible follow-up to the green paper . libro
because it is clearly extremely damaging for this parliament , and moreover complete nonsense that seventeen members are accused of playing a role in the drugs mafia , and that they appear in the paper , with pictures and so on . giornale
green paper on the statutory auditor libro
the next item is the report by mrs sierra gonzález ( a4-0373 / 97 ) , on the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the green paper on the role , the position and the liability of the statutory auditor within the european union ( com ( 96 ) 0338 - c4-0451 / 96 ) . libro
in the green paper the lack of a common position or joint action within the european union has been assessed as a negative factor . libro
however , the commission expresses doubts in the green paper in regard to the fund and as to how the appropriate legal means will shape any joint action . libro
the green paper seems to tend towards establishing a common concept of auditing or establishing a set of objectives to be followed by this entire sector throughout the european union , and which can then be used to define the obligations or legal requirements which the auditor will have to fulfil in carrying out his role . NULL
finally i would like to voice a complaint that we have not had access to the study which the commission has begun on the impact of different national legislations in the matter of civil liability . nor have we had access to the provisional conclusions of the conference held in december 1996 to discuss the green paper . libro
mr president , this is an important report on the commission 's green paper on the statutory audit , and i wish to thank mrs sierra gonzález for the completeness and thoroughness of her report . libro
however , in commenting on the commission 's green paper i believe it is our task to pose questions and to point directions rather than to deal with it as if it were legislation . libro
however , the proposals in the commission 's green paper do not respond to the needs created by technological progress and the aspirations of europe 's peoples for making the most of it to reduce and eliminate regional inequalities and to improve the living standards of working people . libro
the by now famous green paper ' towards fair and efficient pricing in road transport ' makes it clear that the ' external ' factors around transport have to be included in the price . libro
in that case i would like him to tell me to what extent these statements are compatible with the green paper , and the recent proposals for the euro-sticker . libro
as far as that is concerned we should therefore say that we are acting on the basis of the existing community law , and not on the basis of what the commission would like to see ; which is broader , as is also evident from what the commission has said about it in the green paper . libro
in the resolution the commission is asked to draw up a white paper on arms exports , and the services of the commission are presently working on this . libro
the commission for its part is prepared to support any initiative which will lead to such a code of conduct being established , and the white paper is intended as a contribution to these efforts . libro
until member states jointly agree a solution to the staffing problem in the commission , resolutions in favour of aid quality will go little further than the paper on which they are written . morta
we can agree with the proposed measures in itself , but the european commission 's green paper lays the cause of the poor effectiveness first and foremost at the door of the developing countries themselves . libro
against the background of the european commission 's green paper on the effect of traffic on the environment and the white paper on the future development of a common transport policy , people have repeatedly explained the necessity of making the eu 's transport policy environmentally suitable . libro
finally , i would like to ask whether the commission could not put together some sort of green paper on the subject of openness so that all bodies , including parliament , could discuss in broad terms what should be done concerning this document ? libro
every day we see in the papers that town pollution is on the increase and that the greenhouse effect is threatening us . giornali
to ensure that the directive is not blocked , although according to the white paper , it should already have been adopted , the commission has been forced to accept a regulatory committee . libro
but in my opinion , to do nothing and to let saddam hussein carry on ducking and diving as he has done for seven years with the world community , would lead to the spread of weapons of mass destruction and we sit there like paper tigers , who have lost any claim to authority in this world . carta
we read the same papers he reads about the weapons of mass destruction , british-developed anthrax and the inflated threats against humanity . documenti
mr president , on 1 april 1997 , liberalization of the internal market for civil aviation was completed - at least on paper . carta
i agree with the views set out in the eu white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment that biotechnology is one of the technologies which will determine the future of european competitiveness . libro
reduction means that we are not starting a paper war , as in the middle ages - as somebody has already said today - but that we should try to collect data as automatically as possible . carteggio
i believe we should really try to create an incentive system in order to have data automatically , if possible with a modem , immediately and quickly available , so that no mechanical work is involved and not much paper gets sent backwards and forwards - that is of course a mammoth burden for the central statistics office , when it is confronted by tonnes of paper . carta
but what can and must we , the european union , the commission , the council and the member states do to actually implement these paper tigers , these paper rights , these statements of principles ? carta
the commission has highlighted the differences between the member states in its green paper ' consumer goods guarantees and after-sales service ' . libro
in a resolution on the green paper , the european parliament has called on the commission to produce a draft directive for the minimum harmonization of the statutory guarantee and for a legal framework for the commercial guarantee . libro
ladies and gentlemen , as you know , following the green paper published in november 1993 , on 18 june 1996 the commission adopted the draft directive on the sale and guarantees of consumer goods . libro
green paper on food law libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0009 / 98 ) by mrs graenitz , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection , on the commission green paper on the general principles of food law in the european union ( com ( 97 ) 0176-c4-0213 / 97 ) . libro
madam president , madam commissioner , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the green paper on the general principles behind food legislation in the european union has , after lengthy discussion , been presented at a point in time which is marked by changes in the organizational structure of the commission 's services and in the economic debate . libro
this became clear not only from the lengthy discussion i mentioned , within the directorate-general concerned , but also through the fact that , whilst in the original version of the green paper the prime aim of legislation was formulated as being the free movement of goods within the single market , priority was given to safeguarding health and to food safety following the submission of the report from the bse committee of inquiry and the assurances given in this regard by the commission president , mr santer . libro
not only your rapporteur , but the majority of member states and very many of those who have commented on the commission 's green paper , are of the opinion that a framework directive on food law would be the very way to create concise legislation and a clear framework , and thereby adapt , if necessary , existing legislation , removing or coordinating overlapping or conflicting sections and to design the legislation in such a way that consumers and producers alike enjoy stability of the law and know how to proceed in which circumstances . libro
the progress of this green paper through the european parliament has been accompanied by detailed conferences and major debates . libro
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are all delighted with the green paper and all of us sitting here would wish to have - and we would also like to hear this from the commissioner -a framework directive . libro
mr president , after thirty years of food law harmonization , the european commission quite rightly wants to start a debate on " whither now ' , by means of a green paper . libro
in fact , by publishing the green paper , the commission officially recognizes the huge shortcomings in the community food system . libro
mr president , the commission 's green paper should have been used to present an in-depth critical analysis of the situation , but all it does is describe the problems . libro
we have 150 opinions on the green paper before us . libro
it is very positive that the commission 's green paper recognizes that an extension of the product safety directive could improve overall consumer protection . libro
there is no doubt that the present green paper on the current food law situation is very timely , in view of the crisis in food safety and consumer protection caused by the bse scandal . libro
with its green paper , the commission has taken an important step towards much-needed rationalization of community food legislation . libro
i therefore give this report my full support , and i look forward to the concrete initiatives that the commission will be taking based on the green paper . libro
in march 1995 , unice , the federation of ec employers ' organizations , issued a paper in which it proposed an mai and mapped out its broad scope . documento
mr bangemann should be here today , because the green paper on convergence also poses this type of problem . libro
a paper from the oecd secretariat on the legal aspects has noted that : ' the absence of any evident legal incompatibility does not necessarily dispose of all concerns about the potential inter-relation between the mai and meas ' . NULL
following recent speculation in the british press , will the commission confirm whether the green paper on commercial communications in the internal market will result in an imminent decision on sport and alcohol sponsorship within the eu ? libro
the honourable member refers to recent press articles which have speculated that the green paper on commercial communications in the internal market will result in an imminent decision on sports sponsorship by the alcohol industry in the eu . libro
that is not the case : the green paper , whose proposals were adopted on 4 march , sets out a methodology to assess whether the effects of restrictions on crossborder commercial communications are proportional to the public-interest objectives that such measures are intended to achieve . libro
finally , i would like to recommend an examination of this green paper on health . libro
this promise was , as it turns out , not worth the paper it was written on . carta
we therefore call for a green paper , to inform us of the commission 's new actions to fulfil the union 's new health policy , as i mentioned earlier . libro
mr president , in view of the mountains of papers on the necessity of this tribunal sent to my office in brussels , i am becoming a little suspicious as to who is so keen to get through . documenti
i read yesterday in the papers that a minister - also in charge of sport - was going to come and see president santer , my colleague pádraig flynn and myself to tell us that the commission was no longer respecting the bosman ruling of the court . giornali
therefore , at the essen summit in 1994 and again at the cannes european council in june 1995 , it was proposed in the white paper on preparation of the associated countries of central and eastern europe for integration into the internal market of the union to put an end to this conflict simply by implementing in these countries parts of the community legislation relating to concentrations , anti-trust legislation , state monopolies and the state aids we are discussing here when their laws are being approximated to those of the european union . libro
i look forward to a green paper with the title : ' toward fair and appropriate pricing in air transport ' . libro
today the papers are reporting that the belgian government is looking for 5 000 computer specialists , and that in great britain tony blair is looking for 20 000 to tackle the millennium bug . giornale
on the same issue , it is not just in getting the honourable member 's name wrong that the administration have boobed , in actual fact the question of restraint of trade is a question for mr monti because he is the one who has put the paper before the commission and he is down for questions , so i do not see why it was tabled in the wrong section . documento
i would ask you if you could look into the procedure by which the questions are put into the order they are on the order paper . iscritte
whereas the green paper on relations between the european union and the acp countries only makes an oblique reference to the issue of gender , the communication which we are now discussing says that gender issues must be incorporated into all macro-economic , sectoral and project assistance . libro
in those areas which are given most priority in the green paper , namely economic , financial and technical cooperation , not a single word is said about gender . libro
mr pinheiro has introduced something new here , something very good , i think , by instituting a broad dialogue in the member states in the run-up to the green paper . libro
the commission 's green paper is clearly the source of this awareness , but we can be proud of the european parliament 's active contribution , and especially that of the committee on development and cooperation , in reflections on the renewal of the lomé agreements . libro
if the socialists in this house do not manage to help their candidate for chancellor back onto his feet in terms of european politics , they remain paper tigers , and the man from hannover will bring them yet more horror stories about europe . carta
the paper emphasizes the possibility of high levels of methane elimination . documento
then that treaty , like so many others relating to minorities like the kurds , became a scrap of paper , and there is no longer any trace of it in our history . carta
the directive contains some of the measures proposed in the green paper on supplementary pensions . libro
in addition , the green paper places particular emphasis on enabling transnational investment in pension funds , thereby improving freedom of movement . libro
i think we will have to sort this out when we are dealing with the green paper , as the entire issue will obviously come up again there . libro
as emphasized in the 1997 green paper on supplementary pensions and the single market , supplementary pension schemes play an important role as a second pillar of social security which complements the protection provided by the statutory schemes . libro
in this green paper the commission looked at several issues , a number of which are intended to deepen the analysis of obstacles to free movement and are outside the scope of this present proposal . libro
these tax aspects are under discussion with all involved parties in the context of the green paper . libro
at the same time as we are debating this gas directive , the commission has presented a paper , an interesting communication on combined heat and power . documento
by the year 2010 , the proportion of total energy consumption to be contributed by renewable energy sources is to double , according to the european commission 's proposal in its white paper on renewable energies . libro
they know that in calling for this , they are knocking at an open door as far as the european parliament is concerned because , in the mombaur initiative report , in my report on the green paper , we called for a significant build-up - at least 15 % - in renewable energy sources because of our profound conviction that , from the viewpoint of climate policy , from the viewpoint of environmental policy , from the viewpoint of import dependence , with regard to rural areas , and with regard to additional jobs , the european union needs libro
the commission has proposed a breakthrough campaign in its white paper . libro
i announced to you then my intention to propose as soon as possible for approval in the european commission the white paper on renewable energy sources and the framework programme for energy . libro
as regards the white paper on renewable energy sources , it is anticipated that a resolution will be adopted by the energy council on 11 may , which will support our proposals . libro
this is important because the altener ii programme is an essential vehicle not only for the implementation of community strategy but also for the implementation of the action plan , which is outlined in the white paper . libro
the content of amendment no 6 is better placed with , and is covered in , the proposal of the white paper on renewable energy sources . libro
the proposal for a directive currently under review is one of the measures announced in the commission green paper relating to supplementary pensions in the eu . libro
in response to the concerns of the people of europe in the face of increasing unemployment , the european authorities predicted the creation of millions of jobs and the publication of a white paper . libro
now , i believe that the key point , about which everyone expresses his own opinion and i believe that this opinion is personal but shared by many colleagues , is that the litmus paper showing the openness of the modifications brought by the council is the question of the human embryo and on this point the council made modifications which make ambiguous a language which was previously clear . tornasole
all i want to do is ask commissioner flynn : how do you think people can deal with what is currently on paper in this position in a decent manner ? adesso
i would like to congratulate the commissioner for the work she has undertaken so far , for she has been deeply involved in the white paper which the commission recently proposed to us . libro
mr duisenberg 's paper gives the first possible date for stepping down , but not the final one . documento
the drafting of a green paper on the protection of minors and human dignity is an excellent thing in itself and i read mr whitehead 's report with great satisfaction . libro
the tindemans report rightly underlines the fact that any common defence policy is dependent upon the clear identification of common interests and proposes that a council white paper should try to outline them . libro
furthermore , i do not agree that security and defence issues should come under the authority of a commissioner or that a white paper on defence should be drawn up by the policy planning and early warning unit for approval by the european council . libro
the commission has produced a draft paper on risk capital and job creation in the european union , analysing the venture capital market across the european union in comparison with the united states and concluding with an action plan outlining further work required at both member state and european level . documento
how could our citizens give their support to an enlarged europe if , despite the fact that the commission has issued papers in a variety of colours , everyone can see that union institutions and national governments do not have the political will to embrace real change , and openness seems merely a catchword ? multicolori
the crux of the matter is that the european union as a whole , and the member states individually , have never ever spoken plainly towards turkey , if this plain language were to mean more than a paper protest . scritta
papers , periodicals and documents of all types published by the european institutions , or by the bodies linked to them by contract , must , where they mention certain opinions , be fair in terms of the space given to the different theories represented within the european parliament . NULL
when i wrote the opinion of the committee on agriculture and rural development on the commission green paper on food legislation , this concern was reflected in the fact that not only was there no opposition to my proposal that antibiotics should only be used to treat illness in animals and not routinely as a prophylactic , but the wording was actually strengthened in the committee . libro
the eu is no more than a paper tiger in this matter ; the responsibility lies with member states . carta
that is why i have to support the course pursued by the commission in the white paper " energy policy for the european union ' . libro
this is a matter in which the commission , in my view , mr santer , has an obvious responsibility : in its evaluation it should spell this out clearly and also demand improvements so that we really do arrive at a binding procedure , and so that the objectives do not just appear on paper but are implemented and supported with measures and not just with philosophical reflections . carta
i would point out that those national plans must be more than a technical operation in which sheets of paper are neatly filled in ; they must focus on the quality of measures taken , on renewal and reactivation . riattivazione
these could be promoted by providing healthy financing , as suggested in the delors white paper or as introduced on an experimental basis by the french government . libro
i believe the device on paper could be good if the recommendations from the commission were actually commission proposals . carta
now it is essential to deploy public sector investment as well and to dress the delors white paper infrastructure programmes for modernisation and innovation in new clothes . libro
at all events , i am pleased that mr gasòliba and the commission have reinstated the proposals in mr delors ' white paper , which seem to me to be much more relevant than the existing commission proposals to solve the unemployment problem . libro
with regard to a reduction in working hours , your address , mrs lienemann , does not , it seems to me , represent the views of the commission and i can tell you that the contents of the report and the commission recommendations reflect not more nor less than the contents of the white paper of 1993 , presented by jacques delors . libro
the issue of liability insurance and the provision of financial security in amendments nos 4 and 9 are under consideration by the commission which , as has been said , intends to produce a white paper on environmental liability , and the commission would prefer to deal with this matter in a horizontal manner to avoid different liability requirements in different directives . libro
mr president , i would like to ask the commission a question because parliament is continually put off with promises of a white paper on liability , that is , with a horizontal solution . libro
but the trunk containing all my papers has been left behind in brussels , in the corridors of d3 . documenti
what i should like to know , mr president , is how members are expected to fulfil their obligations , without files , papers , or the bare essentials they need in order to carry out their duties ? fascicoli
jacques delors stated in the white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment that such methods needed to be adapted for sustainable development . libro
no matter how good a paper is , it is and always will be capable of improvement . NULL
in conclusion , i would like to thank the members of the committee on research , technological development and energy and all the members of the advisory committees as - after tough debating , in some cases - we have succeeded in adopting such a consistent paper by a very comfortable majority . pregno
the commission must have been aware that parliament had high expectations of the white paper . libro
even though we would have preferred the white paper to get down to specifics to a greater extent , it does point the right way . libro
the white paper correctly highlights the major importance of difficult conditions of competition for renewable energy sources . libro
the white paper gives special prominence to organic substances in the question of doubling renewable energy sources . libro
it would be presumptuous to say that one 's own paper really is the best thing we have for the next hundred years to come . documento
we have dealt with several reports - the mombaur report , the report on energy policy by wim van velzen , the two rothe reports on the green paper and the white paper . libro
that is , in fact , the objective of this paper . documento
using replenishable raw materials as renewable energy sources brings this goal within reach , and i therefore wholeheartedly welcome the commission 's white paper on renewable energy . libro
mr president , the commission has called its white paper " energy for the future ' . libro
thus , i would like to thank the commission for its white paper and mrs rothe for her report , as well as everyone else who has been working on the report to make it so admirable and meaningful . libro
mr president , we would not be able to have this debate if commissioner papoutsis had not presented us with his white paper and we thank him very much for it . libro
there is a particularly clear contradiction , as has been said here , between the white paper and agenda 2000 . libro
the white paper could become a point of change and i thank the commission for their initiative in this way and also the excellent reports of mrs rothe and mr linkohr which make practical proposals for change . libro
incidentally , there is also a working paper no 4 from technical committee 996 6 96 which makes detailed proposals on this subject which have been included in the safety series produced by the aio with whom you also work closely . paper
you just have to read your own papers ! documenti
i note that in the british papers this week you are quoted as saying that whilst you will insist , quite rightly , on sorting these out , you want to acknowledge that the overwhelming number of members of the european parliament are honest , hard-working people , abiding by the spirit and the letter of our regulations . giornali
report ( a4-0207 / 98 ) by mrs rothe , on behalf of the committee on research , technological development and energy , on the communication from the commission on energy for the future ( renewable sources of energy ) - white paper for a community strategy and action plan ( com ( 97 ) 0599 - c4-0047 / 98 ) libro
the white paper we have to discuss today is further proof of this . libro
whence the importance of promoting renewable energy sources by lending all the support necessary to assist their breakthrough into the market , in the context of what the white paper calls the " lift-off campaign ' . libro
i therefore unreservedly declare my support for the white paper , as amended by the motion for resolution as tabled . libro
but , today , there is still no overall statement of the european union 's position on the quality of life in the cities , even though the green paper on quality in the cities was debated and published 7 years ago . libro
do you realize that seven years have passed since the green paper on the urban environment was published ? yet , despite many initiatives , virtually nothing has been achieved . libro
we are convinced that europe 's urban environmental policy , launched by the european parliament 's own-initiative report in 1988 and included in the 1990 green paper , is today the only instrument capable of promoting an integrated approach to the problem of european urban areas and defining a community strategy focusing on at least three important and specific problems : first , measures to improve the quality of life and the environment in european urban areas ; second , the elaboration of a community project for sustainable cities ; third , the definitive inclusion in the structural funds of libro
the european charter for women in cities , a discussion paper sponsored by the equal opportunities unit of the european commission in 1995 , contains some of the key ideas that can help us in our general thinking : the opportunity of gaining access to employment ; the number and quality of neighbourhood services , especially those relating to child care ; access to decisiontaking authorities in cities ; and the issue of safety in urban areas . documento
they expect citizenship of the union not just to deliver rights on paper , but also tangible advantages . carta
if we adopt this approach in all areas , we can transform citizens ' rights from pieces of paper to a living european reality . sanciti
the next item is the report ( a4-0229 / 98 ) by mr chanterie , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the commission white paper on sectors and activities excluded from the working time directive ( com ( 97 ) 0334 - c4-0434 / 97 ) . libro
it is a shame that the commission still reacted rather slowly to pressure from this house in producing this white paper , which is now here , and i agree with all speakers who say that the report by the committee on employment and social affairs , namely as a result of the work of mr chanterie , has been well done . libro
while some progress had been made in most sectors , it was not sufficient and so last year the commission decided to publish the white paper setting out how we intended to take matters forward . libro
in the white paper we considered the possible options and came down in favour of what we called the differentiated approach . libro
from this point of view , while we welcome the sectoral measures already taken by the union , particularly as regards reduction of atmospheric pollution , it is regrettable that the commission has delayed publishing the white paper on the urban environment which we have been waiting for since the appearance , seven years ago now , of a green paper on the same subject . libro
in the collective subconscious of europeans , one is a citizen of a country in which one can wander around freely in every direction without having to show identity papers . documenti
in fact , parliament was only consulted on the white paper . libro
during the process , this house will have played a decisive role in getting the commission to confirm that what it had presented as a plan of action was a discussion paper . documento
if the plan of action has become a discussion paper , this resolution will contribute to that discussion within the framework it defines . documento
we talk about this regularly in the house and we will certainly publish a white paper on it at some stage which we can discuss and which can take into account national differences , to such an extent that we can finally achieve a good pan-european directive on environmental liability . libro
where is the agreement that the white paper is finally on its way or , even more importantly , that environmental liability is finally being regulated ? libro
finally , as regards liability , i would just like to emphasize that i am still hoping for and working towards presenting a white paper on this before the year is out . libro
perhaps it would be interesting to check what decisions remain to be taken out of those specified in the delors white paper . libro
whilst awaiting the white paper announced by the commission , i therefore give my unreserved support to the results of conciliation as proposed . libro
the factual evidence on pr suggests that , bearing in mind the spoilt ballot papers that remain in each member state that has pr , large numbers of voters reject it at every election . schede
the only country in the european union which has a smaller percentage of spoilt ballot papers is the united kingdom , in its tried and tested first-past-the-post system . nulle
today , as part of our campaign , we are publishing a paper by professor vernon bogdanor of oxford university , one of britain 's leading constitutional and electoral experts , setting out the case for open lists to promote voter choice in europe . documento
now , however , the issue raises its head again with greater intensity , with a series of proposals such as , notably , the proposal for a directive to levy a co2 energy tax and increased vat on energy , the proposal for the taxation of energy products , and the green paper on pricing in transport , in the context of a more general attempt to broaden the european union 's powers of taxation . libro
we disagree with any attempt to link environmental levies with the logic of the white paper on increasing competitiveness by reducing labour costs and , consequently , employers ' social security contributions . libro
to enable euro banknote production to proceed smoothly prototypes were manufactured by eight different paper mills and ten different printing works in 1997 . cartiere
in light of the various studies conducted in individual states and comments from the sitting , however , the commission will - and i would particularly like to draw attention to this - clarify in a working paper exactly what instruments member states have at their disposal to help absorb the impact of these measures . documento
the guidelines are basically nothing more than a paper tiger . finto
we must get something adopted which does not merely look good on paper , but which can really be implemented in the member states and which the member states are able to enforce . apparenza
i naturally intend to take an active part in the current deliberations , which are also an extension to those that took place in bonn , where the commission presented a whole series of papers detailing the use of flexible mechanisms . documenti
mr president , there are two aspects of the world economy : the economy in practice and the economy on paper . cartacea
it is indeed striking that a similar paper was referred back by the socialists themselves when mr schröder was here in strasbourg , because they were embarrassed by it . documento
it is regrettable that despite parliament 's almost unanimous approval of the amendments to the green paper on combating noise proposed by myself as rapporteur for the committee on the environment , we should now be presented with these modifications which are far from adequate for achieving noise reduction in the air transport sector . libro
the contact group 's option paper sets out various european models of autonomy that kosovo could adopt , ranging from south tyrol via the finnish aland islands to tatarstan in russia . documento
their passports and identity papers are taken from them and , deprived of any rights , they are forced to earn the money the pimps paid for them . diritto
in 1994 the visionary delors white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment placed smes at the heart of the community 's policy for generating employment . libro
pension reform is under way in most member states and with the publication of the green paper from the commission this will put funds under greater pressure to invest in equities . libro
there has been a succession of studies , research projects , national and community measures over the years , plus the delors white paper , councils of ministers and summits , all of them suggesting more or less feasible remedies - implemented to a greater or lesser extent - but the problem remains and is likely to worsen . libro
the rapporteur calls on the committee to produce a white paper which draws on both the very positive experiences observed in several european countries and the role of gender in these experiences . libro
in its 1993 white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , the european union defined a job creation strategy and recommended an active labour market policy . unione
a new white paper is a welcome development . libro
it will be very useful because the conclusions of that conference will enable us to decide on the best way to respond to your demand for the white paper on cooperatives and social enterprises . libro
we welcome in particular the commission 's discussion paper which is the subject of mr provan 's report . documento
we broadly support what the commission says in this paper , as well as the specific proposals for amending the control regulation which it has put forward recently . documento
we should not just give them money and paper but give them real capacities . documenti
even so , it is clear that the community sector is subject to much stricter standards than that of third countries , at least on paper . carta
in adopting the green paper on the introduction of the euro , we in the european parliament made it very clear that we believe the public sector must lead the way in the introduction of the euro . NULL
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the commission agrees that the objective set by the white paper 's plan of action for renewable energy sources , i.e. to double the contribution of those sources to the union 's energy supply from 6 % to 12 % by 2001 , is an ambitious but at the same time a realistic objective . libro
the white paper analyses in some detail the way in which that overall target can be achieved , on the basis of the most reliable estimates available of the probable contribution from each renewable source . libro
that is why we first produced the green paper on renewable energy sources and later the white paper with a specific plan of action , which we believe can really move things along . libro
so malta has all its papers in order . carte
you received the papers very late . documentazione
austria 's revised strategy paper must be used as the basis for concrete plans , and we need to consider whether we can organise common reception and asylum procedures at or just outside europe 's borders so that refugees can then be directly distributed among the member states . documento
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , since the austrian strategy paper was one of the first things to be mentioned here , i should like to say a few words on that , before i go on to make some comments on the question of relations with the mediterranean countries . documento
there is something i would like to say right at the outset , as there have been a few misunderstandings here . the geneva convention on the status of refugees , and its instruments , should not be considered as in any way irrelevant as a consequence of the austrian strategy paper . documento
on the contrary , the paper is concerned , amongst other things , with complementary systems for protecting persons fleeing from war zones , exceptional humanitarian cases , and other areas not included in the geneva convention . sistema
but i am not going to go into what was a historic initiative at the time , i would prefer instead to set out some of the essential details of the strategy paper . documento
we believe it is necessary to approach this subject once again now , and that is the reason for the austrian strategy paper . documento
from time to time the economic refugees , most of whom are french or english speaking , are decanted over to spain where they are issued with temporary papers and then promptly disappear northwards . documenti
this is the basic idea behind our strategy paper , which does of course still need to be debated and revised , but on which we can ultimately reach a consensus . documento
mr president , mr hager , let me first of all repeat what i said during the discussion on migrants today , that the presidency 's paper is a discussion document which aims to promote further thought and consideration about how to get to grips with problems in the areas of migration and asylum . documento
as stated in the paper , the presidency invited delegations to submit comments in writing by september and has received contributions so far from the german , greek , swedish and uk delegations and from the commission . documento
if i take what you have said and what you explained in detail this afternoon about withdrawing parts of the paper , and turn the argument on its head , can i assume that the wording used in articles 41 and 132 is still valid ? they say that a shift towards less constitutional and more politically-oriented concepts of protection in the field of asylum would also be perfectly feasible . documento
i can only tell you that we gave a discussion paper to the press and another paper was discussed in the press even before it was made official . documento
a paper which is to be officially debated by various bodies is of course not going to contain wording that could be offensive in any way . documento
mr president , mr sjöstedt , i do not think it is very sensible for us to enter into discussion on a paper that is not even officially before us , and in which the positions of the other member states have only just been included . documento
we really must wait until the paper is officially forwarded to the european parliament and then we can hold a discussion on it . documento
i appreciate that perhaps there has been some confusion about this report , and that it is simply a discussion paper . documento
further to that , i wish to say that i am sure the president-in-office will be aware that there has been a lot of concern expressed about some of the suggestions - admittedly no more than suggestions - within this draft paper , to the effect that we should modify in a major way the existing geneva convention and possibly remove the individual right to seek asylum . documento
you have been very politically balanced in whom you have called upon to speak , but i wanted to ask why , when we were on the very thorny issue of the austrian strategy paper , you only gave the floor to two representatives of the socialist group , although i was the first to raise my hand the very second when you took requests for the floor and before you stopped taking them . documento
the president-in-office may therefore have received the inaccurate impression that there were only critics of the paper here . documento
between the commission 's green paper and the second reading of the draft directive , which parliament called for following my first report in may 1992 , only two years have gone by , a period which can certainly be regarded as brief in the context of community procedures . NULL
this could be termed conditional freedom of movement on paper . carta
that is how the road looks that runs from civil rights on paper to living reality . carta
perhaps it would be possible to have access to the results of the electronic votes on paper so that we can follow them better . cartacea
after the vote i discovered to my surprise that a letter , signed by an official of this parliament , was sent to various members - not to me , of course - on official parliament paper , calling on them not to vote for it . carta
here i would remind you of the commission 's basic concept of legislation , as set out in 1985 in the white paper on the completion of the single market . libro
in any event , nato is now prepared for armed intervention if president milosevic does not comply by 27 october with the concessions he has made on paper . carta
with the presidency we abhor and condemn the law adopted by the yugoslav parliament yesterday which bars a number of independent papers from publishing their views and radio stations from transmitting serbian language programmes from foreign radio stations . giornali
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of all the committees involved in the green paper on convergence , i should first like to thank the rapporteur for the excellent cooperation which has produced a coherent report . libro
this is not in keeping with the economic and social importance which the green paper on convergence rightly awards to information technology . libro
the green paper and the report defined convergence as growing together and interchangeability of networks and channels for communication , and , in addition , the integration of distinct technologies in the new forms of applications and services . NULL
on the basis of its green paper on convergence and parliament 's response in the form of the paasilinna report , it will provide a framework that will contain light and simple regulation to promote economic and industrial objectives such as competition and interoperability . NULL
the commission 's green paper and parliament 's response make those arguments . libro
that is why the green paper described the review of the traditional regulatory system in terms of its relevance to the future as the most important challenge . libro
the changes described in the green paper have the potential to substantially improve the quality of life for all the citizens of europe . libro
mr president , tomorrow we will have to answer the main question posed by the commission 's green paper : what will be the impact of the use of common technologies , particularly revolutionary ones , by the audiovisual and telecommunications sectors ? libro
this means that priority would be given to a combination of options 1 and 2 proposed in the green paper , as advocated at the birmingham conference . libro
the green paper and the rapporteur can but guess at the speed of change . libro
mr president , the green paper on convergence is devoted to an issue of great importance and , i believe , the main question it raises is that of three options for future regulatory work : the first is to extend existing regulations and keep the different sectors distinct ; the second is to create a new incremental framework for services as and when they become available ; and the third , more ambitious one is to create a new global framework . NULL
mr bangemann , i would like the white paper to be a little more equal to the task , and to set out the huge challenge that we are facing . libro
i think that it is very easy to use forged certificates of origin , because monitoring the flow of goods ( which is often independent of financial flows ) , and dealing with the accompanying papers and the people involved in the operation is so difficult . documentazione
i hope the commission , when preparing its green paper on the role of libraries in the information society , considers the views expressed in this report and takes them on board in order to promote a democratic information society for our citizens . libro
in view of all this , my main problem is with the passage in the resolution which calls on the commission to speed up the production of the green paper on the role of libraries . libro
i agree that there is a problem with acid paper , and i would welcome european regulations promoting the use of ' permanent ' paper . carta
i would support a parliament recommendation on this , but calling on the commission to produce a directive on the subject before the green paper is even out seems to be going a little too far at the moment . libro
i congratulate the rapporteur on her report and , certainly , it is an opportune time to discuss it , particularly in advance of the commission 's green paper on this subject . libro
the report asks the commission to push ahead with its work on a green paper on the role of libraries in the information society . libro
regarding the periods we have put in the conclusions of the composite paper , some elaboration may be required when you have had an opportunity to read the document . documento
you will find this in the composite paper which i hope will reach you today . documento
that is the text in the conclusions of the composite paper . documento
finally , we could ask why there is such a rush . is there no time even to wait for the commission 's green paper on the application of the 1985 directive ? libro
plans are just a paper exercise , and that is not what this is all about . riscontro
secondly , commissioner monti yesterday promised to forward to parliament , in january 2000 , his green paper on the application of the directive and , in particular , its application in the agricultural sector . libro
this green paper will be the result of broad consultation with all the sectors involved - producers , consumers , insurance companies , and so on - and is an essential stage in the work involved in any proposal to amend such an important directive . NULL
the other concern was to use as little paper as possible for the awareness actions and , wherever possible , to opt for cheaper electronic information . carta
precisely these measures were discussed at the essen summit in the context of the white paper on employment . libro
the usa often accuses us of being only paper tigers or lightweights because when it is being tough our reaction is not tough enough . carta
we are therefore currently in the process of preparing a paper which will be made available to the council and of course to the appropriate committee . documento
the next item is the report ( a4-0384 / 98 ) by mr añoveros trias de bes , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the commission green paper on promoting innovation through patents ( com ( 97 ) 0314 - c4-0342 / 97 ) . libro
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i should first like to thank the commission for taking the initiative to produce this green paper . libro
in this context , it is also particularly important for all the options for reshaping european patent law to be explored , a process which the commission has initiated with its green paper . libro
the commission 's green paper has been successful in generating a very broad-based debate on this issue , in which those concerned have participated enthusiastically . libro
the economic and social committee , for its part , was virtually unanimous in adopting a highly positive opinion on the whole range of proposals aired in the green paper , including the introduction of the community patent . libro
the commission will shortly be preparing a communication on the follow-up to be given to the green paper ; this communication will conduct a thorough review of the consultations and announce the specific measures which the commission intends to present in this important sector in the near future . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0400 / 98 ) by mr ferri , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , on the green paper on supplementary pensions in the single market ( com ( 97 ) 0283 - c4-0392 / 97-00 / 0595 ( cos ) ) . libro
the commission 's very well-structured green paper addresses this question - and it does so in a responsible fashion , as do we in the european parliament , in these times of widespread crisis when the two most crucial and worrying issues of all are the economic future of pensioners and jobs for young people . NULL
madam president , commissioner , first i must congratulate the commission on the fact that thanks to the green paper a full picture has been provided of supplementary pensions and the whole question of pensions , and it is important that pensions should be considered at european level . libro
madam president , in my opinion the essential merit of this green paper is that the commission clearly specifies that , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , it is for the member states to decide on the role of the first , second and third pillars which form the basis of pension schemes for employees and the self-employed in the member states . libro
yet the commission , in its white paper , made no reference whatsoever to the possible involvement of the contributors . libro
i would urge commissioner monti to allay the fears which have arisen in the netherlands and to reassure those concerned about his inherently excellent green paper . libro
madam president , the commission 's green paper uses the pretexts of the ageing population and the fall in the number of workers to open the door to pensions funds for supplementary pensions . libro
even before the consultations on the green paper had finished , commissioner monti approved a community directive aimed at defining a liberal system for pension funds in the european union . this directive guarantees , for pension funds , the freedom of investment and the freedom to provide management services . libro
mr president , the green paper on supplementary pensions in the single market had two main aims : firstly , to launch the widest possible debate on ways of ensuring the financial sustainability of pension schemes in the member states . libro
as regards the second aim of the green paper , we must strive at eu level to ensure that supplementary pension schemes , based on capitalisation , can benefit fully from the advantages of the single market . libro
as the green paper points out , some of these restrictions - some , not all - are not justified by prudential considerations and limit the return on funds , causing pension costs to rise . NULL
the commission has received almost a hundred responses to the green paper , from the member states , the economic and social committee , and financial and social circles . libro
their work has added considerably to the consultations launched by the green paper , and will be extremely useful in our future work . libro
mr president , just briefly , when mr monti spoke about his green paper there was no mention of how the contributors to these funds , i.e. people who put their money in , are to be involved in the decision-making process . libro
that is why i should like to put it to the commission that it is high time their industrial working parties and task force began to highlight the employment dimension far more clearly in the papers they produce on industrial policy , including the present one , to emphasise that employees ' rights are part and parcel of the ongoing development of any industry and in particular to prescribe the principle of codetermination for key industries such as aerospace . documenti
we fear that this idea , which has been raised many times , might remain only on paper and might not become a reality . there is also cause for concern that it has not fulfilled the desired objectives - namely job creation - as it has been diluted over time and has not reached significant critical financial mass . diluita
the wye plantation agreement represents an enclave policy and will turn the situation into another bosnia ; it is a pathetic agreement not worth the paper it is written on . inconsistente
this is why , in tel aviv 's main daily paper , yediot ahronot , the great writer seffei rachlevsky criticises the cabbala-messianic revolution which seems to be making progress towards ' relentlessly taking absolute control of the holy land ' , to use the words of yediot ahronot . haronot
to manage the period up to the enlargement of the union , the financial perspectives propose the maintenance on paper of 0.46 % of gdp for category 2 of the budget , while the commission is in fact promising a concentration and a simplification which , in real terms , will significantly reduce the map of the regions and the percentages of the european population which will be covered by objectives 1 and 2 . carta
madam president , mrs mccarthy , we are not going to draw up an actual legislative proposal yet , but a paper which we would like to discuss with the council and parliament . documento
the aim of the report is to identify the general guidelines that have emerged from the papers produced to date , to outline the main progress made since the cardiff meeting and to shed light on the issues on which the member states still hold sharply differing views . emersi
the commission has redrafted its paper and has now come up with a very peculiar idea . documento
it is also very typical , and just as reprehensible , that methods such as a paper and printing monopoly are used to restrict press freedom . carta
i believe that this manner of proceeding comes very close to the limits of our rules of procedure and , with all due respect to my very good friend mrs andré-léonard , the situation of the press in algeria is considerably better than in other countries , such as tunisia , which is in the papers this morning , and perhaps also her own country . giornali
the historical and traditional leader of the orthodox christians , the ecumenical patriarch bartholomew , who usually prefers to keep a low profile , had this to say : ' we are not intercalated , transplanted or intrusive ; we are the indigenous people of this land ; the political equality , justice and religious freedom about which turkish law speaks exist only on paper ' . carta
are the measures announced in pörtschach , and which were already contained in the delors white paper , actually being implemented now ? libro
however , as the reports before us today show , and as the commission has indicated in its composite paper and regular reports , not all applicant countries are proceeding at the same speed towards meeting the criteria for membership . ordinarie
in september , he submitted a working paper to the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights containing a list of the subjects that should be discussed in an external study he was proposing which would evaluate the tasks undertaken by the members of the european parliament . diritti
you were extremely clear just now and our colleagues must know that , in the house , reference must be made not to a paper prepared by the groups , but to what the president says , who conducts the vote . documento
amendments to existing directives , plans for green papers , action programmes and important communications are not in fact included in the commission 's statement . fa
when i drew up my report on the green paper on sea ports , the committee on transport and tourism decided unanimously that there was no need for a legislative initiative of this kind at the present time . libro
secondly , the commission is proposing to produce a white paper on trans-european transport networks . libro
this states that there shall be a revised proposal in 1999 , not a white paper . libro
there is , in my opinion , one decisive issue , that of the delors white paper , which we should have supported more than we did . libro
in my view - and you should read the conclusions of the essen summit in this respect - , the white paper by delors was too easily dismissed at essen and i think that it is time to look at it once again . libro
there is a whole series of proposals on the table - and i do not wish to bore the presidency and the remaining members - , but we need to reconsider the ideas in the delors white paper , because without investment there are no jobs , and for there to be investment , the financial means need to be provided . libro
on 10 december , i saw this little map in the paper showing the countries in the world which still have capital punishment . giornale
the pressure to toughen our policy is assuming such proportions that the way in which we treat some asylum seekers and ' illegals ' or people with no papers sometimes goes beyond the bounds of what is humane and acceptable . documenti
i thank the council for its answer , but the issue of paper , the use of permanent paper and the creation of a european standard for the manufacture of permanent paper , its use in books and consumer protection are not cultural issues . carta
the council could also take measures on its own initiative regarding the use of this paper , for example , for its records . carta
we have seen this before in the case of the green paper on efficient pricing in transport . libro
we must therefore work very hard in this area to eliminate these problems , and i also believe that there should be no cross-subsidies , as mentioned in the green paper ' towards fair and efficient pricing in transport ' , because we have enough problems with cars , so the priority should be to work towards making cars tolerable for the environment and for towns . libro
although there is no heading here in the paper , the division is clearly marked by asterisks . documento
i will , however , in the light of the paper that i got yesterday , withdraw amendments 10 , 11 and 12 as they are now covered . documento
but it is money that is being spent wisely and well , and although i have regrets about the way the council have presented their new paper , i very much hope that parliament this morning will support this report . documento
we need to attack the delay in applying important measures envisaged in the white paper back in 1985 and others that have become vital since then . libro
just this week , when we had the vote on the statistical system , several speakers said that it was absolutely essential to implement the slim initiative in that area , and we also wish to have a green paper on the subject . libro
the european parliament also rendered its opinion on the green paper on patents , making it possible for the commission to publish a statement before the end of the year . libro
for i have found from talks with many business people that when they are asked : ' why do you not invest , when interest rates are so low and the framework conditions so favourable ? ' they increasingly often reply : ' so long as the framework conditions are not clear , so long as we keep reading different things in the papers every week , we will not invest . ' giornali
the commission is currently preparing a white paper , which will be published this summer , setting out the approach to the future development of tens policy and preparing for a revision of the guidelines . NULL
in preparing the white paper the commission has launched a broad consultation process and naturally we welcome the views of this house and of all interested parties , including disability organisations with which we enjoy very good and frequent contacts . libro
and although he said in his answer that it is the responsibility of the member states to implement , is there anything in the white paper that can push the member states a bit further to make sure they do just that ? libro
in our report , we have delivered an opinion on the green paper of december 1997 . libro
an essential precondition is to apply policies to remove the existing imbalance between southern and northern ports ; there is no sign of this , however , in the green paper 's strategy . libro
i could not help thinking of this when i was looking through the green paper on sea ports and maritime infrastructure again and was struck by the second rule . libro
unfortunately , i am not able to go into the most important elements of the green paper in any depth at this point . libro
moreover , the commission 's green paper has been eagerly awaited by professionals in the sector , who quite legitimately hoped that it would generate development prospects . NULL
we thought that the inadequacies and gaps in the commission 's proposals would be noted by the rapporteur and that certain points in the green paper could usefully be improved upon when examined in committee . libro
let me now make two observations concerning the green paper on sea ports . libro
mr president , it is quite clear that the construction of the trans-european transport networks , envisaged in the white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment in 1993 , has veered off course . libro
mr president , the emphasis in the green paper on fair competition between ports and on market mechanisms is very much after my own heart . NULL
if it is to live up to the expectations of the consumer , community law should be further developed on the basis of the commission green paper . libro
in this respect , this declaration is indeed aimed at all european institutions but its chief justification is as an internal discussion paper for parliament . this is because it attempts to chart the most democratic course possible for parliament to negotiate in 1999 . documento
parliament should also be aware that if it has the power to monitor the commission , it should adapt its staff structure and its working methods accordingly , instead of channelling its energy into commenting on news in the papers one month after the event . quotidiani
the european commission 's green paper has the advantage of initiating a broad debate with all the parties involved ( port authorities , sea transporters , freight forwarders , member states ) on the opportunities for improving the infrastructure and economic efficiency of european ports . libro
the next item is the report ( a4-0503 / 98 ) by mrs larive , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , on the communication from the commission to the council , the european parliament and the economic and social committee on the follow-up to the green paper on commercial communications in the internal market ( com ( 98 ) 0121 - c4-0252 / 98 ) . libro
this is why , commissioner monti , we are extremely happy with your proposals to liberalise the european market for commercial communications too , first in the green paper and now in the follow-up communication . libro
the commission has built constructively on its green paper , but if there is one obvious area where it might usefully make some further vigorous progress , it is in the area of handling complaints . libro
thanks to the commission 's green paper and mrs larive 's report , however , we can appreciate the true range of the subject . libri
it is not acceptable , for example , that we were not consulted on the austrian presidency 's strategy paper that is going to determine european policy on asylum and immigration for many years . documento
paragraph 16 , if it had been retained , would have prevented us from voting in favour of the final report , as it anticipated the right to consultation demanded by parliament concerning the austrian presidency 's strategy paper , and welcomed its repressive aspects . documento
i hope that these ideas are followed up and that the report does not turn out to have been a mere paper exercise . morta
the poor results of the lomé convention as revealed in the commission 's 1997 green paper led to a wide-ranging discussion about whether the convention should be continued . libro
the white paper and the positions of the european parliament , as expressed in this report , provide a very good framework for stepping up efforts for the further development of technology , mainly through assistance for small and medium-sized enterprises and through the transfer of this technical know-how , so that the huge energy requirements can be met by renewable sources . libro
the union 's strategy , contained in the november 1997 white paper on renewable energy sources , has already received the support of both parliament and the council . its main objective is to increase renewable energy sources in the union and thereby enable us to create the internal base and platform needed to increase exports to the rest of the world . libro
in the work leading up to the adoption of the white paper at the end of 1997 , the commission tried to take parliament 's contribution into account , as expressed in its resolutions on the white paper itself and on access for renewable energy to the electricity market as well as the altener ii programme , which was adopted in 1998 . libro
moving on from this , i will briefly tell you about the progress made in the first year since the white paper was adopted . libro
i should like to pass on the commission 's satisfaction with the progress made . it is pleased with the diversity of action plans and national programmes on developing renewable energies that have been drawn up since the adoption of the white paper . libro
and in relation to this , i should like to point out that the white paper stressed the need to make special efforts regarding the african , caribbean and pacific countries . libro
commissioner , the question you are being asked deserves relatively general answers that can be found , together with your comments , by reading our daily papers . quotidiani
following last week 's events , it has now been published and what we have is twenty virtually blank pieces of paper , three years out of date , indicating , much to even my surprise , that the commission are so dull and uninteresting that they have no interests . scialbi
the commission is urged to conduct an in-depth study of security-related threats to the environment in europe and to draw up a green paper on military activities affecting the environment . libro
we must not start setting up new centres , writing countless green papers and forming new task forces . libri
it was decided that , as a follow-up to these seminars , the commission should produce a paper on the interaction of foreign policy , security and sustainable development , with the aim of starting a debate with the parties concerned and decision-makers throughout europe . proposta
i should also like to hear from you exactly what is to happen now with regard to the implementation of the white paper on renewable energy sources ? libro
we need action , not paper and not fine words . parole
in general , the commission is showing that our past discussions during the debate on the green paper have been listened to . libro
since , following the green paper , we have agreed that contracting authorities have a right to set environmental standards if they so wish , we need to know exactly how they can implement those rights without breaching the overriding rules on competition . libro
secondly , we go back to the point we made at the very beginning of the green paper negotiations , namely the issue of competitiveness . libro
the european commission produced a green paper in 1996 and now it has produced a communication . libro
we look to the commission , knowing that , with the white paper , we have overcome the obstacle of indifference . libro
neither the commission paper nor the kindermann report contained proposals for such a ban . documento
the committee on culture is happy that its principal comments on the green paper on convergence were taken on board last october . libro
i have read the commission paper , madam president , but i wanted to do things by the book , which is why i asked mr fischler once again to say that the commission is not accepting everything . documento
in a recent policy paper the irish government committed itself to reducing landfill and increasing the use of more sustainable means of waste disposal . documento
madam president , a french weekly paper , marianne , has just announced that the members of the committee of independent experts appointed by parliament and the commission are to receive 29 200 euros per month , which is 191 000 french francs . del
i believe that this proposal , which rightly seeks to tax energy so that the tax burden on labour can be eased - as already foreseen in the delors white paper of 1993 - improves the directive in this regard , also making it greener . libro
madam president , as a member of the committee on transport and tourism , and as rapporteur on the green paper on the internalisation of external costs and the ensuing commission white paper on fair payment for infrastructure use , i am glad to have the opportunity in this debate to consider the complex subject of energy taxation from the point of view of one aspect of transport policy . libro
the commission was only being consistent when it integrated the concept of charging into the proposal on energy taxation , because this is in line with the proposals it made in its green paper and subsequently also in the white paper . libro
as rapporteur , i agree with the principles contained in these documents , and that is why i should like to advise parliament also to be consistent and to support this new departure for transport policy in the debate on energy taxation , particularly since we have already done so in the house in the context of our debate on the green paper . libro
there have been times in the course of recent european debates when a peculiar attitude has emerged : there has been a tendency to look back and to reflect on the earlier white paper , as if no progress had been made since then towards achieving the kind of coordination we are talking about . libri
he has managed to combine a thorough understanding of the problem , founded also on the earlier work on the 1995 green paper and the 1996 communication , with the great resolve that tackling such sensitive proposals demands . libro
finally , in its green paper on the introduction of the single currency , the commission renewed its appeal to banks to treat the introduction of the euro as the golden opportunity to move towards a single payment area , at least for euro payments . commissione
for this reason we welcome the debate needed on the austrian strategy paper on migration and asylum policy . documento
the report makes it clear that austria 's so-called strategy paper is intended as a deterrent , and is not suitable as a basis for solving the problems of migration and asylum-seekers , because it confuses not only the various issues surrounding their causes , but also the solutions to these problems . documento
madam president , i fully endorse the lindeperg report because it reinforces the right of asylum and provides an adequate response to the strategy paper produced by the austrian presidency , which calls into question the international law on refugees guaranteed by the geneva convention . documento
the question of liability in amendments nos 7 , 56 and 95 is currently being considered in the commission , which intends to publish a white paper on liability . libro
a good deal of progress has been made in this area , and the commission will of course present its white paper as soon as possible . libro
mr president , i find it unacceptable that the commissioner has been coming here for the past six years and announcing that a white paper on liability is imminent . libro
the commissioner said there would be a white paper in a few weeks ' time . libro
but a white paper is not a directive . libro
six years have passed since the green paper . libro
i would now like you to tell us exactly why you keep lying to us and in particular why you said there would be a white paper in a few weeks ' time and why you are stalling us again now . libro
we have previously discussed the question , and we have worked on a green paper . libro
ethiopia 's diplomatic circles may be bombarding us with paper to try to convince us that its cause is just , as it has every right to do , but at the same time various issues relating to the border war and attacks on the oromos - the largest minority in the area , some of whom have been imprisoned - are being brushed under the carpet . carta
let me quote a turkish newspaper , the turkish paper radical which praised this text as being ' rédigé avec finesse et précaution ' - carefully and delicately worded . rivista
that is why i hope the council will agree that given the length of the programmes we should carry out a mid-term review , but a serious one , not just a piece of paper ! burocratico
the content of the second generation of education and training programmes was decided on the basis of the discussion on the white paper on teaching and learning , by the green paper on cross-frontier mobility and by the europe of knowledge programme . libro
specific identification systems were introduced in the form of figures and abbreviations , applicable to plastics , paper , cardboard , metal , wood , textiles , glass and composites . carta
following on from the green paper on the reorganisation of work , the house now needs to deliver its opinion on a commission communication . libro
finally , on principle the commission is considering possibly presenting a white paper on the basis of its review of the networks . libro
article 21 of the decision provides that the review shall be followed by commission proposals , which means we should not rethink the whole matter again in the form of a white paper . libro
we have discussed the green paper on ports , and we have in fact progressed a long way in our debate on ports . NULL
in terms of the white paper and amendment of the ten proposal , he has included parliament 's views in his report and reconciled them . libro
i also agree with mr piecyk that we do not want a white paper on the tens , for that always means two years of discussions and everyone in this house and everyone in the council knows what we are talking about here . libro
what is more , i do not believe that the proposal for a continuous process of updating and reviewing the guidelines should be made through a white paper . libro
unlike some colleagues , i am convinced that the new tens project requires in-depth discussion , harking back to the original spirit of the white paper by jacques delors and stimulating innovation , above all by linking these networks to the development of urban and industrial areas . libro
before dealing with the substantive amendments , i should like to comment on amendment no 1 - an issue that has arisen repeatedly in the course of this debate - which inserts a recital stating that the european parliament expects a legislative proposal on the revision of the guidelines , rather than the white paper that the commission has announced . libro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in its resolution of 13 january 1998 on the white paper on a strategy for revitalising the community 's railways - the personal work of commissioner kinnock - this house wholeheartedly and consistently supported the commission 's strategy on virtually all its lines of attack . libro
the commission 's white paper on a strategy for revitalising the community 's railways and the proposal relating to trans-european freight corridors were the first step in a new direction . libro
this procedure , which is rather uncommon in the context of informal contacts , was accepted by the council which used the paper we submitted as a basis for discussion , and the bargaining ended with an agreement . sottopostagli
neither were we surprised , therefore , when the compromise paper presented by the german presidency attracted not only support but also criticism . stupiti
i would add that the commission is keen to ensure that the issue of financing the union does not get reduced to pushing figures around on paper . astrusi
that is why we are backing the amendment tabled by the rapporteur , who rejects the commission 's suggestion to revise and amend the guidelines by producing new white papers . libri
to complement the judicial process of removing frontiers and allowing the free movement of people and goods , in january 1998 we adopted the commission 's white paper on rail transport in the european union . libro
after the white paper entitled ' a strategy for revitalising the community 's railways ' , the european commission is now proposing an ' infrastructure ' package , that is , a package allowing us to modify existing directives . libro
a few days ago , a pun in a major french daily paper said that wind energy had the wind in its sails . parole
even to achieve the aims of the white paper , not to speak of the still more challenging aim put forward by the committee , there has to be growth in the biomass sector in particular . NULL
new production activities will strengthen the contribution of altener to the ' campaign for take-off ' , which was announced in the white paper on renewable energy sources . libro
amendment no 12 cannot be accepted because it refers to indirect costs and competitiveness , whilst the internalisation of the profits from renewable energy sources and the different ways and means of improving the competitiveness of renewable energy sources have already been elaborated at some length in the white paper . libro
on 5 february , the commission - that is , mr de silguy , mrs bonino and myself - issued a statement to the press inviting all the banks to publicise the changes they had made , before and after the introduction of the euro , to the total level of charges for banknote conversion in the euro zone and for cross-border payments in the form of cheques , credit transfers and paper . carta
it is not worth the paper it is written on . inchiostro
as regards the request for a split vote , this was certainly made in good time , since i prepared for the votes last night - i could not do so this morning , as i was chairing a meeting on the structural funds - and this request for a split vote was already included in the papers prepared by our services . documenti
given the amount of paper we have received this morning , if these votes are going to continue , will the president look into the provision of extra trunks for members in future to allow us to get the results back to our offices in brussels ? NULL
the guiding principle behind this undertaking must be to ' clean up ' inside the commission and create the conditions for a climate of openness and transparency - more valuable assets than ink and paper . morta
we are now told we will be getting a green paper next year , but i cannot imagine that we will have completed the legislation before the year 2002 . libro
that report will be preceded by wide-ranging consultations , open to all the sectors concerned , in the form of a green paper to be presented as soon as this proposal has been adopted . libro
in addition , more vigorous action is being taken against asylum-seekers with false identity papers . documenti
i will now go on to look at the opinion i drew up and the report presented by mrs reding on the strategy paper on migration and asylum policy . reading
the previous paper , and it was not a council one but a european commission one - commissioner flynn issued it in 1994 - was virtually ignored . NULL
we are not only fighting for ourselves and for all those who have had the misfortune to be born with the wrong papers ; we are also fighting to strengthen the democratic foundations of our societies . documenti
the strategy paper , which has been under consideration in the council , has enabled a serious analysis of the many aspects of migration and asylum to be undertaken so that constructive solutions can be found . NULL
in the light of the present crisis we also welcome the fact that the strategy paper developed last year examined the possibility of making a single member of the commission responsible for all matters relating to migration policy . documento
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it is increasingly apparent that the austrian strategy paper on asylum and immigration in europe has become the basis for an extremely productive and , above all , necessary discussion . documento
i should also like to say a few words about the reding report concerning the strategy paper on migration and asylum policy . documento
it was against this background that the austrian presidency 's strategy paper on refugees ultimately came into being , which represents a clear attack on the geneva convention . documento
as a result , the council 's strategy paper calls for a review of objectives and the ' europeanisation ' of instruments . documento
it was under pressure from parliament and also to plug this gap that the commission adopted a white paper on excluded sectors and activities . libro
the result is that the european union is not equipping itself with the necessary political and economic resources to achieve its aims , on paper at least . carta
yesterday , the house held a debate on new reports on justice and home affairs ; one of them involved the integration of refugees and another related to the strategic paper on the european union 's migration and asylum policy . documento
concerning paragraph 26 on the green paper ' the general principles of food law in the european union ' , this problem needs to be dealt with on a general level , particularly by taking an interest in other fields such as animal and human food and also plant protection . NULL
among the points missing is the follow-up to the green paper on food law . libro
in 1997 the commission set out these and other findings and published a green paper on vertical agreements . libro
the approval of the green paper in january 1997 marked the start of the commission 's review of its competition policy in relation to distribution agreements . della
the commission 's wide-ranging consultation in connection with its green paper did not include the question of legal privilege for in-house counsel . libro
yesterday , during the vote on my report and mr chanterie 's report , mr collins reported to the house that there was a photographer in the balcony photographing individual members ' papers and voting lists . documenti
thirdly , council of ministers documents will in future be deemed to include presidency papers . atti
the next item is the report ( a4-0111 / 99 ) by mrs schmidbauer , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on the commission white paper entitled ' fair payment for infrastructure use : a phased approach to a common transport infrastructure charging framework in the eu ' ( com ( 98 ) 0466 - c4-0514 / 98 ) . libro
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , last september the commission presented us with a white paper with the rather unwieldy title ' fair payment for infrastructure use : a phased approach to a common transport infrastructure charging framework in the eu ' . libro
back in 1997 , we voted on the report relating to the commission green paper on this same matter ; i was the rapporteur on that occasion too . libro
in the white paper , the commission proposes that the user should pay all the internal and external costs that he or she incurs . libro
i consider that sort of thing to be irresponsible , because either that statement was a deliberate distortion of the truth or mr ferber has read neither the white paper nor the report on which we voted in committee . libro
let me close by saying that we cannot accept the amendments tabled by the ppe group through mr jarzembowski , because they are virtually tantamount to total rejection of the white paper . libro
i am grateful for that , and at the same time i would ask the commission to make a determined effort to implement the white paper , so that this approach , which my group and i support , can be put into practice , for i am firmly convinced that this white paper will pave the way for sustainable mobility in europe . libro
the next item is the continuation of the report ( a4-0111 / 99 ) by mrs schmidbauer , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on the white paper on fair payment for infrastructure use : a phased approach to a common transport infrastructure charging framework in the eu ( com ( 98 ) 0466 - c4-0514 / 98 ) . libro
i do not believe that the problems caused by car traffic relate to the white paper , as it focuses more specifically on public transport , be it passenger or goods transport . libro
major differences exist at present between the eu member states ; both the white paper and the report highlight this . libro
on behalf of mr kinnock i should like to thank wholeheartedly mrs schmidbauer for her very constructive report and her support for the commission 's approach in the white paper . libro
the white paper also stresses the need for balanced implementation , in particular between road and rail sectors . libro
the white paper addressed equity and distributional issues as well as the problems faced in peripheral areas . libro
because of the limited time available , it has not been able to produce any proposals on paper , but it has become clear that the commission is favourably disposed and appears prepared to take parliament 's objections on board and amend the current proposal accordingly . scritta
we are , however , opposed to a number of the proposals in both the commission 's white paper and the report . libro
and , to be perfectly honest , even i have to recognise that the white paper provides some interesting food for thought . libro
and that is the thrust of the white paper and , i am sorry to say , of the parliamentary report as well . libro
the white paper is talking facts when it says that external costs throughout the eu are assessed by the commission at an annual figure of eur 250 billion . libro
i have the impression that the policy set out in the white paper is designed to achieve that same objective by a different route . libro
at one of the hearings on the white paper , i could scarcely believe my ears when one of the invited experts said we should have to think about taxing aviation fuel at four ecus per litre for the sake of the environment : concorde prices as the everyday norm , but who is supposed to pay them ? libro
within the community , sales of starch and its derivatives are promoted by means of production subsidies when such products are used in the sectors of industry which have no protection from imports , such as the chemical and pharmaceutical industry and the paper industry . carta
under commissioner flynn 's initiatives , the commission has looked into the problem of the future of social security and , i am glad to say that , at the further and recent instigation of both the german presidency and the european parliament , we will come forward very soon with a communication on pension funds , drawing the conclusions from the green paper exercise . libro
in my capacity as rapporteur , i have received a piece of paper which says that the bank has in fact lost billions on failed investments and that the money is hidden in the accounts or has been offset . documenti
if one good thing has come out of the 1996 report , it has been the access which the committee on budgetary control has had to persons and papers . documenti
a working paper and work programme have already been included in the elles report ; no one has yet reacted to them . elles
when i put forward the proposal for a ' social ' rate of vat , as part of preparations for the luxembourg summit - and i was not the first to do so , because an option had already been put to members of the house previously - i believed that i was acting in the spirit of the delors white paper , which had already pointed out that we in europe had saddled ourselves with a system which made labour extremely expensive , very expensive in connection with our profligate use of energy , raw materials and the totally libro
does it refer to parliament 's decision in december or does it refer to this council paper that has no legal value ? documento
attempts have sometimes been made to strike a balance between these two aspects : for example , the delors white paper sought to bring them together , to balance them . libro
it is a paper tiger . carta
but we must not mistake a waved piece of paper for a proper peace . carta
this is particularly unacceptable as we adopted a very even and well-balanced paper on this in the december part-session , making meps ' parliamentary allowances in future lower than those of the members of parliament of the three largest eu member states in terms of population . documento
if we were to approve the council proposal and the liberal amendment and not the paper drafted in the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights under mr rothley , then we would be depriving ourselves of power again on a crucial issue that affects us directly . documento
as honourable members will recall , that was also specified in mrs schmidbauer 's very good report on the commission 's white paper on fair payment for infrastructure use , and we are currently embarked on that task of quantifying the externalities with the help , obviously , of an expert group . libro
the reasoning was that financial services , due to their immaterial character - there is nothing to wrap up in paper - are perfectly suited for distance marketing . impacchettare
a working paper submitted by the german presidency was discussed for the first time and positively received at the informal ecofin council in dresden in mid-april . documento
in my view , if the commission is in agreement , if the european parliament is in agreement and if the national parliaments have been involved , this document would have tremendous legitimacy , and the governments and any president-in-office would be able to accept a discussion paper . documento
yesterday parliament voted on my report on the white paper on commerce , which looks at length and in favourable terms at electronic commerce as well . libro
i would also like to thank the commission , which kept its pledge to produce the green paper and the white paper on commerce within the same term of office , making sure that this sector was tackled comprehensively by the institutions . libro
in the white paper we managed to get the commission to undertake measures to support enterprises and at the same time to protect end-users . libro
we have presented more than twenty working papers on it . documenti
it is very good for paper manufacturing and there is scope for using it in many new sectors . cartiere
the plan of action announced should not just remain on paper as a list of good intentions . mero
blank or void ballot papers will not be taken into consideration in the counting of the votes . nulle
i invite the tellers to count the ballot papers . schede
it is true , colleagues that unless you put a piece of paper over your machines , the people around you can see how you are voting . carta
of course , when you fill in a piece of paper , someone can look over your shoulder and see where you put your cross . carta
lastly , mr president , i would like to remind the commission that it must immediately formulate a food policy , in implementation of the green paper which was produced two years ago , and i would like to express my agreement with the comments of mrs roth-behrendt with regard to the independent food agency . libro
but perhaps i should not be surprised because it seems to me that in the european union one is drowned in paper to the level where the european parliament - and , i am sure , the council of ministers - cannot actually read what they are being asked to approve . carta
without the willingness of ourselves in the right-of-centre parties to exercise supervisory power , to take responsibility for this and , in a spirit of openness before all else , to demand to have all the papers in full view on the table , we would never have come as far as we have in fact today . carte
this newcomer had to make up her mind on the matter based on this little piece of paper . documento
has no one in the council been reading the paper for the last 25 years ? giornali
the simple fact that it does not envisage regularisation of all people living and working on european soil without proper papers should explain why i have voted this way . clandestini
it is unbelievable that the central bank has recycled the aid granted it by the imf through companies that merely exist on paper on the tax evaders ' isle of jersey . jersey
even if we take the agreement recently signed with the opposition to be a step forward , it is still inadequate , and risks being a meaningless scrap of paper unless it provides a number of guarantees . morta
madam president , while i welcome many of the improvements that have been made , i want to make a point concerning the management side : we would very much welcome some recycling facilities , given the sheer amount of paper that appears every day , much of which is not kept . carta
office supplies - staplers , paper clips and little things like that - are very hard to come by . carta
i have to cover my face with paper towels and run through to my office . carta
you therefore referred to a white paper which david byrne presented at the hearing in the european parliament and for which we were very grateful to him . libro
what ought this white paper to contain ? libro
i would quote here for you , in summary form only , a number of tasks which must be indispensable component parts of this white paper . libro
i note your various proposals , mr prodi , particularly citizens ' access to the early warning system ; and commissioner byrne ' s proposal on the white paper . libro
i would like to know how the white paper will ensure coherent safety standards , proper labelling and precautionary advice . libro
its white paper certainly must not be used as a delaying tactic . libro
yet , a food agency does not create any security , and a white paper ought not to be misused for the purpose of putting off long overdue decisions . libro
what is not needed is a mere shunting yard of a white paper . rather , what we need here is a quick decision . libro
the green paper itself has been in existence for more than two and a half years and , in fact , nothing more has been done in the meantime . libro
mr president , the green paper on food was discussed two years ago , and we are still waiting for the white paper which i hope will outline specific initiatives and the responsibilities of the european policy on food issues . libro
we have a green paper on this issue , we will have a white paper and 800 directives , but the root of this matter , the reality , is that it is a consequence of the economic policies and decisions which have been taken in europe , and of globalisation . libro
on turning again briefly to the relevant section of the food book or the green paper , i find that as early as 1997 , there were calls for national legislation and european penalties to be harmonised . libro
it would be more useful to receive a proper answer to the questions that were already raised in the green paper . libro
commissioner byrne , i may add , is to be commended for his prompt action in agreeing to produce a white paper on eu food law later this year and also to tighten up the eu ' s rapid alert system for food emergencies . libro
you said that the white paper must be very ambitious , that it must have a precise timetable and the commission will undertake to achieve this . libro
what is more , parliament wants to include in article 1 , paragraph 1 implementation of the campaign to promote renewable sources of energy already called for by the 1997 white paper . it also wants to create new instruments and mechanisms to promote rapid and coordinated penetration of the market by all sustainable energy technologies . libro
the white paper raised expectations , and we look forward to the exciting campaign for take-off with its 1 million pv systems , its large windfarm , its biomass and most exciting of all its 100 communities where all the electricity will come from renewable energy . libro
i have to say , mr president , that the first altener programme and later the white paper on renewable energy sources , which has developed community strategy and the action plan for 2010 , have been possible thanks , and i repeat , to the cooperation between our two institutions , parliament and the commission , and that the new european union renewable energy policy has been put together precisely as a result of a good understanding between us . libro
the eu is in a position to take on the mantle of pioneer and under no circumstances must kyoto be allowed to degenerate into a pointless paper exercise . carta
we look to the parties to carry out in actions what they have put their names to on paper . carta
this immunity would continue even when somebody stopped working for europol as " all their official papers and documents and other official materials are inviolable " . documenti
it may be , mr commissioner , that the commission together with the us administration could come up with some kind of green paper sketching out where the differences are and where the common interests are between america and europe because as you know , in your previous role , unless america and europe agree on the major outlines in an international round such as this , we will never conclude . libro
we are glad there is going to be an action programme coming forward in the spring and a green paper on emissions trading . libro
it is good that we should now be getting a green paper on this subject . libro
within the framework of the current agreement on the common position , the requirement in amendment no 5 , that is , an eu directive with legally binding targets for renewable energies to be achieved , is the minimum condition necessary if the paper in any form can be taken seriously to any great extent . documento
i have said that i shall be presenting a green paper with just such a concrete proposal for a system . this will , of course , describe the national responsibilities which each country will have . libro
before the end of the year , we are to present a green paper describing a system for trade in emission rights ( one of the flexible mechanisms ) . libro
however , we must now make sure that the resolution which will be put to the house will not end up as just a piece of paper , but will constitute another stage in the continuation of this fight . carta
this is why the commission has advocated in the past , in its white paper on freeing european airspace , that european airspace should be managed centrally by a strong international organisation for all aspects of its use . libro
i want to stress that the publication of the green paper on sustainable energy in ireland should be viewed as a positive contribution to the debate on how we deal with climate change threat within the energy sector . libro
it offers legal recognition of electronic signatures where currently only the paper form is recognised , thus providing for more security in the market place . cartacea
this issue will also be a main theme of the blueprint paper on administrative reform and institutional reforms . blueprint
the charter will , for the first time , set out all the fundamental rights enjoyed by eu citizens on one piece of paper . cartaceo
green papers and white papers come one after another and are all more or less alike . libri
in order to nullify this inadequate exemption rule , the commission drafted a white paper in 1997 and made an announcement in 1998 which included a draft directive reviewing the working time directive . libro
i should like to mention here that on the order paper it looks as if i had taken out some of the recital 11 . documenti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would first like to thank the commission for bringing this paper to parliament so speedily and for informing us about its strategic intentions in such detail . documento
although it is a very general paper , it is still important . documento
i therefore very much welcome the fact that the commission has addressed the issue of coherence in its paper . documento
i am not enthusiastic about everything in this paper and in the motion for a resolution before us today . oggi
in addition , there are also any number of amendments that look reasonable at first sight , but which we actually consider to be out of place in this paper on internal market strategy , as they relate to social issues and should be dealt with elsewhere . documento
we regret that at the cologne summit the word " parliament " was not mentioned in the paper on employment . documento
we want the implementation of commitments in the white paper on renewable energies , for example . libro
this is a very bad precedent for the european commissioner , given that he is about to write a white paper on a food safety agency . libro
i will be delighted to take charge of those papers . documenti
and if there is another plainly left in the dictionary , it is this : so long as i have my present responsibilities , no cigarette paper , or perhaps after david byrne ' s announcement on tobacco yesterday i should say no piece of tissue paper , is going to separate the commissioner for external relations from the high representative . cartina
as for your first question , mr casaca , i must tell you that amendment no 9 is a commission amendment : it appears on the ballot paper and in the correct way . foglio
parallel to the intergovernmental conference , the council of ministers must carry out an internal reform , as demanded in the trumpf-piris paper , and the essence of the reform must be to have majority voting in the council as the rule and , as a concomitant of this , to have codecision making by this parliament in the case of all legislative acts . documento
i would like to raise a minor motion on something that could be deemed insignificant , but as each day passes , i get increasingly frustrated at the crazy amounts of paper being wasted in this establishment . carta
it is not just a lot of energy on words that is being wasted here , there is an incredible amount of paper wasted and there is no sign of any kind of recycling scheme . carta
at the other parliament based in brussels , we at least have cardboard boxes where we can deposit the massive amounts of paper which we no longer need . carta
at this end , despite the ultra-modern and sophisticated design of this building , i have as yet been unable to detect the existence of such practical , inexpensive cardboard boxes which can play a key role in the recycling of paper . carta
surely , the budget could stretch to a few cardboard boxes for the members where we can stock paper for recycling purposes . carta
you will all have noted that each of the waste bins is marked to show what it is to be used for , so there is in fact a specific paper and card bin . carta
the eurodac project makes criminals of the immigrants who find themselves without proper papers , without status , often because of the diversity of laws between countries . documenti
a split vote has been requested on recital c from our side , but looking at the voting papers , i think that a word may have been included that should not have been . documenti
the paper deals with combating the counterfeiting of travel documents . documento
in the composite paper issued last month , the commission argued strongly for the need to maintain the momentum of reform in the candidate countries . documento
with regard to the common defence policy , we welcome the statement which you have made today , but there must be more to european summits than statements and papers . mucchi
could i also say on the broader topic of completing the internal market that , during the finnish presidency , we have had some very important strategy papers and they actually require a much higher priority than they are receiving in the community at the moment . documenti
at the moment the minister for the european council and human rights , is reported in today 's issue of milliyet , the daily paper , as being firmly against capital punishment . milliyet
of course , assessments sometimes turn out differently in various commission documents and papers . documenti
the fact that , for the moment , the euro is only a representative currency and will not become a paper currency until 2002 , also explains the certain lack of interest among the european and international public in this new currency that you cannot yet feel or touch . fiduciaria
in general terms , i welcome the thrust of mrs fraga 's paper which should help to encourage market stability . fraga
moreover , the white paper on food safety will also allow the opportunity of a wide debate on labelling if it is wished by the european parliament . " libro
as far as employment policy is concerned , i expect more from the promised economic recovery , from the upswing , than from the action plans on paper . carta
the commission 's strategic issues paper adopted on 10 december concluded that core public service tasks should not be outsourced and that the commission should have at its disposal a much more flexible set of arrangements for non-core public service tasks . documento
the irish government has brought out a green paper on sustainable energy , which is to be given special status within our national development plan for the period 2000-2006 . libro
this green paper discusses the framework for reducing co2 emissions within all sectors of our society . libro
the publication of the green paper on sustainable energy in ireland should be viewed as a positive contribution to the debate on how we deal with the climate change threat within the energy sector . libro
i would just like to add , since you are about to announce a white paper on food safety , that , whatever people say , food right across europe can never be 100 % safe . libro
like all court procedures anywhere in the world they move at their own pace because it is absolutely essential that all parties put their arguments on paper . iscritto
no final decision can be made on the issue of whether interim measures can be sought until those papers have been filed . documenti
i have to make a judgement on whether it is worthwhile seeking to fall within those criteria if we can and , if so , whether it is a good balance to seek an early oral proceeding or whether it is better to have all the arguments on paper before the court . iscritto
i was also asked by a number of speakers about the progress of the food safety agency and the white paper on food safety . libro
the white paper has been drafted , it has been in interdepartmental consultation in the commission and it is now just about to be presented to my colleagues in the college of commissioners . libro
i am sure that the president-in-office has noticed that five of the first 16 questions on the order paper , the previous question from mrs frassoni , and so on , are all about transparency . elenco
therefore , commissioner , parliament , which is working rigorously and is taking its work ever more seriously , requests that you do not make us work against the clock and that , furthermore , you take account of the reactions and proposals which we make , which often end up in the waste paper bin . cestinate
