finally , commissioner , we cannot forget that large sections of the economy are still firmly in the hands of the state , ranging from state television , which is funded on a mandatory basis by the taxpayer , and the post office , to some compulsory insurance schemes , including health and social welfare systems , which are managed by inefficient state monopolies which leave no-one but the wealthy user with any other option . poste
subject : compliance with directive 96 / 71 / ec concerning the posting of workers the posting of workers directive has still not been implemented in denmark , even though the deadline has passed . distacco
can the commission confirm that the directive concerning the posting of workers is inapplicable in denmark as far as ' collective agreements ... declared universally applicable ' ( cf . article 3 ( 1 ) ) are concerned , given that such universally applicable agreements do not exist under danish law ? distacco
the european union posting of workers directive stipulates that the compulsory rules concerning the terms and conditions of employment applicable in the host country must also apply to workers posted to that country . distacco
because denmark does not have a system for declaring collective agreements to be universally applicable rules , provision must be made in the implementing legislation so that , apart from current conditions of employment stipulated in legislation , the hours in universally applicable collective agreements , concluded by the most representative organisations , also apply to posted workers . distaccati
thank you for a very clear answer , the gist of which - if the interpretation is correct - is that the posting of workers directive entails an obligation on the part of the danish state to establish a system of universally applicable agreements . distacco
i would also like to say a few words about ex post financial control . posteriori
a lack of responsibility , too much ex ante , not enough ex post and , as a result , far too little in the way of a culture of real effective spending . post
perhaps the reference to the posts is imprecise . cariche
it is the posts which should possibly be made permanent and not necessarily those employed on a temporary basis . posti
european democracy and austrian democracy should not receive any lessons from anybody and certainly not from a belgian government that embraces corrupt parties financed by arms dealers and that appointed the leader of such a corrupt party , which was condemned by the court , to the post of european commissioner . nominato
i would hope that the same holds true for the proposal to reduce the minimum period of duration for a first posting to three months , and to be flexible in adapting the period of validity of the service provision card to the duration of the first posting . rimodulare
in return for this , however , we want early notification obligations to be discontinued , rather it should just be a matter of the employee taking the justification for the posting to the other member state along with them , and this might take the form of the contract forming the basis for his / her posting . converso
amendments nos 7 and 8 are acceptable too , provided the situation of posting is established in the member state in which the service provider is established . distacco
our policy is to encourage the recruitment of women to administrative posts in order to create a reserve of suitable candidates for future promotion to managerial positions . cariche
currently , women hold 24.5 per cent of our a-grade posts , and we hope the number will increase steadily . 5
this state of affairs must be encouraged so that women have a chance to secure managerial posts or reach high-ranking positions in the environmental field . posizioni
mr alavanos , if an action of this kind should be brought against nato and if this action were to be brought against mr javier solana personally , we would have to bear in mind that mr javier solana held one post at that time and is holding a different one today . carica
with regard more specifically to your question , i would like to highlight the fact that it only makes sense to have a new statute if it represents progress in comparison with the current situation and if it ensures that holders of identical posts are as far as possible treated in the same way . ricoprono
it also emphasised the importance of abolishing gender inequalities and as i travel through africa and see the work done by women i only wish there were more women in senior government positions and in presidential posts . posti
as you know , in our country , each village has its own local post office or at least a post box , with a collection every day . postale
if postal services are liberalised in a poorly regulated way , more post offices will be closed , in the name of this infamous profitability , which is often the cause of rural regression . postali
in rural areas , for many years , even before the irish free state came into existence , we sometimes had this service of a post office . postali
but complaints are made by private individuals about social welfare being paid in the post offices in ireland . postali
mr president , postal services and post offices seem to be very topical in parliament at the moment and rightly so , given their importance . postali
the scottish parliament too recently had a debate with particular reference to the role which post offices , especially in rural areas , play in service provision and the sustainability of rural communities . postali
liberalisation is not the only potential threat to post office services . postali
post office outlets in scotland , as we have heard , handle much more than just mail delivery . postali
but as the modernisation of public financial systems leads to more and more electronic cash movements straight to and from bank accounts , so the viability of rural post offices is being threatened . postali
if a rural post office closes , usually with the only local shop attached , then a major threat to community sustainability and to social inclusion can result . postale
instead of allowing post office outlets to be undermined by liberalisation or by the modernisation of systems , governments , and the commission too , should be encouraging and supporting the extensive network of post office outlets and viewing these as an asset which can be built upon , providing public information and services from a location which is convenient for residents . NULL
of course the existing rural post offices also have a strategic advantage , because they are so densely distributed throughout europe . postali
let me cite the example of the initiative of the french postal service , which decided , for instance , to make interpreters and writers available to the public in post offices in problem urban areas . postali
the postal service and the post office are a vital feature of life in rural communities throughout europe and not least in scotland . postali
the solidarity and cohesion of people all over europe depend on the thought that you can post a letter anywhere and it will be delivered anywhere else , at an affordable stamp price . applicandovi
by lowering the price / weight threshold reserved for public postal services and by liberalising mailshots or cross-border post , the second directive may offer the most profitable sectors to the competitive sector . posta
instead of fighting amongst themselves , public postal services should cooperate , take staff on and guarantee decent , stable working conditions , while meeting the needs of service users in terms of both post delivery and savings bank services . postale
for us in finland , a sparsely populated country , a visit to the post office is a social event . postale
democratic investments have to be made to preserve a democratic post office . postale
such communities rely for their survival on having local facilities , such as a school , a post office and a shop . postale
we can see in the incumbent operators , in public post offices , a change of culture that i believe nobody can consider negative if the current trend towards concentrating on customers ' needs continues . postali
if i can provide one example of this sort of vigilance , it is the case of deutsche post where , following complaints and an action before the court , the commission initiated a formal state aid procedure in july . post
the state aid procedure covers the question of cross-subsidisation between monopoly letter services and commercial business parcel activities as well as the financing of deutsche post ' s numerous recent acquisitions . post
consequently , the post office and its equivalents in the various countries of europe must keep their monopoly of this service . posta
in order to ensure that we have proper postal services on the european union level , it is essential to put an end to the policy of closing down local post offices , reducing the number of deliveries and overworking postal staff . postali
the post office and , more generally , all public services must , on the other hand , recruit additional staff . occorre
in these regions but also in some districts of towns and cities , as mr posselt explained so clearly , post offices and postmen have an almost socio-cultural role , i might say , which goes beyond merely delivering mail . postali
i feel we can still afford to maintain a postal service , even if our post offices operate like businesses . p
secondly , on the question of ex ante and ex post auditing and procedures , do i understand correctly - and i have not had the opportunity to wade into the detail of the paper - that the unanimous decision of the commission is indeed to empower the directorates-general to liberate them from the ex ante visae system but to put in their place a strong ex post and independent and centralised audit system ? post
madam president-in-office of the council , commissioner , i am a right-wing member of parliament but i have the same battles as my colleagues in supporting and assisting fellow citizens in my country to gain power and access to decision-making posts , which should be feasible not only in the political arena but clearly also in all sectors of society . gangli
so i believe that we are conducting this battle to assist our fellow countrywomen to achieve decision-making power , to gain responsible posts in the political arena , but i believe that it will only be achieved if we completely change the way people think . compatriote
if , on the other hand , we look , for example , at the issue of filling top posts - when it is a question of finding a new managing director of the international monetary fund - and see how the europeans behave towards the americans , then without a doubt we are still a very long way from this equal partnership . designare
it is quite extraordinary that at the moment , in the so-called " new economy " sectors , there is a shortfall of around 800 000 qualified people for existing posts at the same time that there are millions of people unemployed . posti
at present , the five larger member states have two posts within the european commission and there is one each for the smaller member states . membri
in a political sense , the citizens of the union are classed as such by virtue of being citizens of one of the member states and this allows them to enjoy full political participation and , in particular , to express themselves in elections , to take collective representative responsibility of an electoral nature and to compete for permanent posts in the public administrations . posti
the institutions cannot respond to enlargement by just adding an extra post here or an office there . posto
with regard to mr ferber ' s report , we would like to remark that we are disinclined to take a position on the details as yet , including the establishment of posts . posti
here it states and i quote : " deplores most strongly the residual impression left by these cases , whereby it would appear that favouritism plays a significant role in the granting of appointments to high-grade posts within the administration of parliament " . posti
that is all well and good , but there are also old , sleeping commitments and you may be interested to know that another 20 posts were recently made available , in addition to the 60 posts decided for the scr last december , in order to see which commitments no longer apply and can be cleared up . sleeping
with regard to the court , parliament also asks to be able to participate in the process of selecting judges as already happens with the posts in the constitutional courts in our states . avviene
i have no hesitation in saying this because in my own departments 80 % of the officials are women , even in managerial posts . dirigenziale
there have been fourteen other transfers at director-general or deputy director-general level , which did not involve promotion in grade , although in four cases relating to spanish , french , german and british officials , the changes meant advances in responsibility to full director-general posts . incarico
against this background the following information may be useful to the house : the guiding principle of the system which the commission uses is that appointments to all senior posts will be determined on evidence of the merit of candidates , including managerial capacity and other relevant abilities . funzionari
it has , however , adopted a decision to ensure that all member state nationalities should be represented by at least 1 qualified person in the most senior post , director-general or equivalent , and consistent with that , the commission has given fresh emphasis to assess effectively proven merit as a prerequisite of highest positions . incarichi
the system for making promotion to the highest posts facilitates these purposes of sustaining merit and balance and i will summarise its operation for the information of the house . incarichi
that panel makes an objective assessment of the professional and managerial qualities and capabilities that are relevant to the post and recommends a shortlist . incarico
the shortlisted candidates are then interviewed by the portfolio commissioner who is most directly concerned with the post and , in the case of a1 officials , by the commissioner for personnel , who at the moment is myself . ricoprire
it is clear from the current debate that the european parliament has asked the commission to rotate senior posts and has already lent its support to this idea . rotazione
we have also asked to " de-flag " senior posts . incarichi
in fact , the commission too has admitted to this , without rushing to attach national identity to the individual figures , individual posts , because we would then be back to square one , as we would be pushing aside the merits of the case and forcing the national flags back into use , which would take each one of us some time to digest . posti
i somewhat doubt whether any lengthy interview process was involved in filling the post in which mr levi did so very well . posto
the a1 grade covers a wide range of concepts : an official could hold an a1 post and have important duties , such as director-general for development , for the press and the media or other directorate-generals , or he could be an aide . aggiunti
turning very quickly to the substance of the questions : in the commission hearings the european parliament asked for rotation of a1 and a2 posts and to end national flags on senior jobs . incarichi
that is a post that we would like to have seen advertised . incarico
mr president , i also want to thank the commissioner for his answer and , in common with other women , request the figures showing how posts are distributed between men and women . suddivisione
since the commission delved into the details on 27 april , perhaps we can be told how many men and women there are in category a posts , not in category a posts generally , but broken down by grade , i.e. a1 , a2 , a3 and so on , for what is interesting is to see the figures broken down in that way . indifferenziato
more often than not , it turns out that there are no women at all in top posts . vertici
i believe that mr o ' sullivan has a very strong commitment to the direction set out by the white paper and will be a notable successor to his extremely talented and committed predecessor , mr trojan , who will take up a new post from the end of this month . incarico
i am reminded that , in the hearings , correctly and forcefully , several members of this house raised the question and indeed made assertive demands for de-flagging of senior posts , for the complete abandonment of formal or informal quotas and for the rotation of officials holding a1 and a2 posts . nomine
if i can come to the point relating to new standards and outside posts , a point also raised absolutely correctly by mr dell ' alba , who has a question down on these matters and i am looking forward to answering it , i should draw the attention of the house to the fact that in the course of giving my attention to a specific case , which related to the departure of my own chef de cabinet , mr andrew cahn , it became very obvious to me that the current arrangements relating to authorising the movement of incarichi
i would like to support what our rapporteur has said that we cannot suddenly leap into beginning to authorise posts for preparing enlargement if a political decision has not yet been taken ; all the more so , because in parliament 's estimates , as i have understood them , we have in front of us an assumption that we are going to have more languages as a result of enlargement . posti
i have the impression that there are those in this house who appear to be frustrating this process of enlargement by placing unnecessary obstacles in the way and often using spurious arguments to limit the preparation for enlargement : for example , the rejection of the proposal to fill the 35 vacant posts in the language reserve between 2001 and 2002 . posti
already , at this early stage , the intention is to spend this increase on the creation of 33 new posts and , apparently , 12 more will be created as a result of the amendment by the bureau . posti
for the sake of comparison , i would like to refer to the 1995-1999 period , during which parliament established a total of only 11 new official posts . posti
it is worthy of special mention that in this proposal , a new post is even being created for the financial control department , despite the intention to abandon prior inspection altogether . posto
we are in favour of discussing this during the course of the year , but we are expressly against saying as of now that we refuse to fill the 35 posts . posti
so i want parliament to rethink the 35 language posts . posti
it is quite appropriate to examine the possibilities of creating the post of public prosecutor , expressly from the point of view of the fight against fraud , and this should be done , but even that will be to no avail , if the member states lack the political will to protect the communities ' financial interests . procuratore
- ( nl ) i am 100 % behind the proposal to in fact allocate 35 vacant posts , funded from the enlargement reserve , to the language sector , provided , however , that all languages of the candidate countries are represented . posti
however , when it comes to applying for a particular post , if a portuguese , be he asian , black or white , is suitable for that job , in a way that does not apply to a zimbabwean , be he asian , black or white , then this is not a question of racism , it is about citizenship , and this can be legitimate . funzioni
in addition , considering the substantial increase in the number and size of operators and the changing conditions of competition over the market as a whole , the national regulatory authorities should , henceforth , start to use their competences , moving on from an ex ante approach to regulation to an ex post approach . post
at the görlitz border post , as can happen , the german police expressed doubts as to my identity . rlitz
a contributory factor to the lack of freedom in that country is the serbian university law promulgated in october 1998 , since when many professors have been removed from their posts . funzioni
they are forbidden to give lectures and they have been removed from their posts because of allegedly inadequate qualifications . incarichi
the commission also supports unmik ' s endeavours in the area of local administration by means of twinning projects and by advertising posts in unmik ' s civil administration and the pillars of the reconstruction programme as widely as possible in all the member states . cariche
employees can then be posted anywhere and they will have clear contracts which are valid throughout the world . validi
we must aim for a more flexible network , organised around jointly run border posts , near to borders . commissariati
when he took up his post , mr prodi promised to bring this situation to an end . carica
the member states have established networks of systematic monitoring and observation posts for intensive and continuous monitoring of the forest ecosystems . intensivo
mr galeote quecedo actually made this quite clear : there is a remit for the european union to be represented in third countries and this is about us being represented there better and more professionally within its terms ; it is about our people whom we post there being able to work as effectively as possible within their remit . inviati
we hope that cross-sector posts will be created in order to link echo and the directorate-general for development . posti
ambassador moratinos - whom i greet and who has held this post for the last four years - has managed to give europe a profile in the middle east by cultivating daily contacts with all the leaders in the region . funzione
on 5 august , the lebanese government agreed for the force to be redeployed in the former occupied zone and , since then , unifil has set up a number of permanent posts in the zone and taken up its position along the israeli-lebanese border . posti
turning now to administrative expenditure , i.e. staffing expenditure : i would point out that the commission did not request any new posts in its draft preliminary budget , apart from those for olaf , the european anti-fraud agency . posti
we have now submitted a letter of amendment containing two key points : firstly a request for 400 new posts for the commission with effect from the year 2001 , and secondly , budgetary measures which will enable us to do without the vast majority of technical assistance offices , as per parliament ' s request , and , in particular , that of the committee on budgets . posti
i have just this to say about the requests for more posts : at the beginning of this year , the commission set up a working group under the leadership of the president of the commission , at my recommendation , which examined the tasks performed by all departments and completed a critical examination of the staffing situation . posti
we ascertained where there was scope for reallocation of staff within and between the departments , with a view to improving the availability of resources for the key areas and for the political priorities , and in order to ascertain where we need to create new posts . posti
we can create a vast number of these 1254 new posts through reallocation , which will mean requesting a total of 717 new posts - 400 in the year 2001 and 317 in the year 2002 - particularly if we are to strengthen the areas of external assistance , health and consumer protection and environmental policy , as well as justice and internal affairs . posti
in addition , we have proposed a one-off early retirement scheme for 600 posts , organised in such a way as to have no impact on the budget , which would drastically reduce the need for new posts . posti
at the same time , however , the across-the-board cut was increased from 2.5 % to 5.1 % , which means that these newly created posts cannot be filled . 1
the council is indeed aware of professor pelinka ' s resignation from his post as vice-president of the european monitoring centre on racism and xenophobia on 31 may this year . incarico
over 3000 detailed reports of the public debates have been delivered by post . posta
we understand from the peers group report that you are going to be awarded an extra 92 posts . posti
in addition , as you are aware , following the commission 's recent review of its staffing needs , a request for additional posts is being put forward to the budgetary authority , including a significant increase in posts for the health and consumer protection dg . posti
if the budgetary authority agrees , a number of these posts could be allocated to tackle the kind of problems which we are discussing today . posti
on that basis , the directive is being amended to improve the protection of animals during transport , providing in particular for additional measures to protect the horses with a mandatory unloading and fixed resting period for commercial consignments of horses passing through a border inspection post of the union . frontaliero
what i would really like to highlight is the following : for many years now , commissioner , long before you were appointed to your post , i have been trying to find out - even a rough estimate will do - how many people have found work as a result of these employment actions , and i still have not succeeded . diventasse
it is also important to find solutions in hitherto unsatisfactory areas , for example in connection with the directive on the posting of workers and with the paid domestic work largely performed by women . distacco
the political leaders and the civil society of the partner states must have their decision-making powers strengthened , as must the eu delegation posts in situ , which is already happening with the elaboration of national indicative programmes within the scope of acp cooperation . decisionali
i want to ask in particular about the border post of gorica between slovenia and italy . gorizia
our committee 's amendments seek to draw a clear distinction between the role of the financial controller who remains responsible for ex ante financial control , and the internal auditor , who is responsible for ex post control , and in particular reporting on the quality of management and control systems . post
we are now concerned with amending the financial regulation , a process which in fact only began in 1998 when people realised how important it is to conduct not only an ex ante control , but also an internal ex post control , i.e. to have an internal audit service . post
that in itself can lead to the question whether the person who gave the go-ahead for expenditure ex ante really is in a position to conduct an accurate ex post control - with the necessary objectivity . okay
that will not be the case , because we have decided - speaking only in terms of posts now - that 80 posts will be available for this ex ante control during the transitional period . posti
mr president , this report covers a very important issue and one that has been prominent in my post bag for nearly six years . corrispondenza
commissioner , i say to you that without an action plan , without any indicators to see who is doing what , and how well they are doing , without assessment of progress , there will be so many discrepancies , so many complaints , so many letters in your post bag , so many students and teachers knocking at your door , and indeed so many meps lobbying you , that i suggest you will wish , even allowing for the constraints under which you work , that you had accepted the amendments i proposed and which i hope busseranno
mr samaranch , we know you took up your post as ioc president in 1980 , and since then , have introduced many important reforms . incarico
we have concerns about several elements which appear to be overburdensome : notably application of the legislation to volunteer workers in charities and to public posts , and also compulsory collection and monitoring of statistics . incarichi
there are the cases of the universal bank proposed by the uk government to assist post offices in the uk and also the venture capital schemes in the regions of the united kingdom . postali
you mentioned deutsche post : for example , procedures are currently in progress at the commission on deutsche post in respect of both these areas , and i can assure you that the commission does not intend the protocol annexed to the treaty of amsterdam on public television broadcasting to create a condition preventing appropriate control of state aid on this matter as well . post
some member states advocate setting a definitive ceiling on the number of commissioners , in tandem with a rotation of posts among the member states on an equal footing , while others champion a system of one commissioner per member state , without ruling out the possibility of a radical restructuring of the college . rotazione
mr segni , as i myself returned only two days ago from an official working visit with mr hatzidakis to one of the larger islands of europe , crete , i was able to assess the sensitivity associated with the dual handicap of underdevelopment and remoteness , even without a handicap that i personally know better than most , due to my previous posts , i.e. the handicap of mountainous regions that often goes hand in hand with remoteness . funzioni
also , in light of the fact that parliament now has a transparent promotion system , which rewards on the basis of merit and not just according to length of service in a post , we approved all the announced promotions . promozioni
in future , all new proposals must be accompanied by an assessment of their compatibility with the financial perspective and its needs with regard to lists of budgetary posts . organico
commissioner patten thus proposes reducing the cost of the meda programme and simultaneously increasing its staff by 25 posts . posti
in particular , we will again recommend , at second reading , that 60 new posts be created at the european court of justice , and , in addition , that the necessary funding be made available in the budget . posti
our rapporteur , mr ferber , was absolutely right that we should avoid placing posts in reserve in view of enlargement at this stage - the motto should be " more haste , less speed " . posti
we focussed our efforts on three specific areas : better execution of the budget , more effective management of european policies and successful implementation of the reform package with particular reference to the new posts requested by the commission . posti
thirdly , and linked to these items , is the request for more posts . posti
it is difficult to see how more posts will solve the problem of management if there are still antiquated and complex procedures both in the commission and council for dealing with the many programmes . posti
mrs schreyer came forward with an interesting suggestion which we should consider about the idea of a performance reserve in category 5 , so that some posts would be available and we could then give more as the process improves . posti
above all , we call upon the parliamentary majority to again think carefully about whether all the staff - i.e. all 400 posts - should really be placed in the reserve , or whether it would not in fact make sense to come to a different vote on this matter . posti
i also hope that the conditions attached to the establishment of 400 additional service posts within the commission will actually be fulfilled . posti
one important aim would be , in my opinion , to create the post of human rights observer , or representative , who would report to the eu , particularly on the issue of religious tensions . rapportazione
when we combine this possible scenario with other measures that adversely affect rural areas , such as the liberalisation of the postal service , which threatens the survival of small rural post offices , and the recent closure of many small rural banks , how will the possible reduction of investment in long-term development and upgrade of local access infrastructure affect already disadvantaged rural regions ? postali
but in order to grant banks absolute certainty and clarity in their heavy investment programmes , i am expecting the commission to change the directive by return of post . massicci
part of this is , of course , also ex post evaluation , even if , in this case , it has definitely come rather late . posteriori
anyway , allow me to say that mr fischler is neither mediterranean nor is he from the atlantic , and what is more we are unfortunate enough to have a director-general for fisheries who is from the north atlantic and only learnt about fisheries problems when he was recently appointed to that post . incarico
after all , against this background , he offered his opponents various ministerial posts and declared 9 november a national day of mourning . incarichi
we would also like to draw attention to the point about temporary and auxiliary posts in the institutions , offices and bodies of the community and the union . posti
senior officials must ensure that merit is rewarded and that all vacant posts , even the most senior ones , should be published in the official journal and on the internet . posti
further , persons employed in the private offices of members of the commission must be obliged to take part in a general selection procedure before they can take up any other vacant post in the institution in question . vacante
we note , for example , that mr prodi 's former chef de cabinet was transferred to another post in the commission hierarchy . cabinet
it is vital to the construction and administration of a multinational community such as the eu that there should be no suspicions whatever of discrimination between candidates for posts in the administration , whether on national or other grounds . posti
mr brok ' s report also discusses the post of high representative for the cfsp . affronta
during the coming three-way dialogue , we hope to receive good news on many issues , including this one , as well as the lifting of the reserve in the category of new posts . assunzioni
indeed , we believe that the establishment of new posts has been very tentative ; given the current tasks of the commission and the forthcoming eastward enlargement , there will certainly be a need to increase the rate of staff recruitment in future . assunzioni
to that end , the commission requested additional posts for next year from the budgetary authority , and i am delighted with the decisions that were taken last week in the framework of the conciliation procedure . effettivi
reform of external assistance " yes " , sufficient staff numbers to manage projects " yes " , decentralisation to delegations " yes " , increased emphasis on programming , movement to ex post financial assessment , streamlined comitology arrangements " yes " , " yes " , " yes " . post
in 2001 , for instance , financial responsibilities will be deconcentrated to 22 delegations , 15 more delegations will see their computer facilities upgraded and 40 additional posts of officials will be allocated to external services . incarichi
by the same token , nepotism and lack of transparency must be eradicated from the commission services , especially as regards recruitment for temporary posts . assunzioni
by the same token , lack of transparency and nepotism must be eradicated from recruitment , especially as regards recruitment for temporary posts . assunzioni
we have stated time and again that we support the reform of the commission and that we agree to the 400 new posts , combined with a new early retirement scheme , but only subject to certain conditions . posti
allow me to say to the commission , by way of example , that we have agreed to the 400 additional posts because we want to improve how various programmes are implemented , because we want you to be able to work better than you have been able to do in the past . posti
foreign states are becoming more important to us and we hope that , with the new posts provided , the commission will do the job which we expect it to do . posti
unless the russian federation rectifies this situation by creating , post haste , the necessary legal and security framework and hence a more friendly investment climate , there would appear to be no way out of the economic crisis , high oil prices notwithstanding .  
in between a previous colonial occupation and taking this post with the european commission , i wrote a book and made some television programmes about asia and i remember visiting indonesia shortly after the riots there in 1998 and interviewing the then president habibie . rivesto
despite our having every possible sympathy for the rapporteur , mrs theato , and for her sterling efforts , we are opposed to establishing an independent european prosecution authority because it is a staging post towards the federal europe we oppose . situa
the other reason why we will vote against the motion is because , with regard to the request to establish the post of european public prosecutor , it is not enough to have included a reference to the juge des libertés but we must ensure , once and for all , that there is a system of guarantees : indeed a prosecutor alone with no system of guarantees is a step not towards democracy but towards an inquisition-like system which is likely to be dangerous , so much so that the proposal was not adopted at nice . figura
it would not be able to survive in such an environment , it could not deliver universal services in ireland , it could not maintain the current level of local post offices in ireland as a result of such competition . postali
i remind my conservative mep colleagues of the mess they got into in the uk when they tried to privatise the british post office . poste
we have turned the safety net for post users into a hammock for those large postal companies where they can carry on doing what they are now getting away with . poste
they will ensure the economic viability of the rural post office network in my country and in other rural and peripheral parts of the european union . postali
a gradual introduction of competition within the post is to be welcomed so as to acknowledge its social function . postale
at the same time , it is the country where the highest number of letters are delivered the day after they have been posted . recapitata
also , no other country in the european union has such fast distribution of post from abroad . corrispondenza
after all , you may quote facts and possibly be right in terms of what mr sterckx had in mind , i.e. technological development , the way in which the sector is developing , the role of state companies , the way in which the deutsche post has now taken over dhl , etc . , but this does not mean that you are right . post
who distributes the post in sweden ? posta
the swedish post still has 95 per cent of the market share in sweden . poste
account ought also to be taken of indicators to the contrary , such as the liberalisation of postal services in sweden , and of subsidiary aspects such as the quality of post office jobs and the symbolic value of the post office . postale
the proposed liberalisation has sweeping implications for the services in rural areas , for employees of postal companies and for private users of the post . postali
i sense a clear consensus amongst members that this directive must address the very real concerns of citizens for the future of a viable post office network . postali
if we were to analyse the data already available to us , we would probably discover that a great deal , hundreds , maybe thousands of post offices have been closed in mountainous areas . postali
a few large private groups will cherry-pick and divide up amongst themselves those profitable sectors of post office activity which the european union is still preparing to offer them . postale
when i was the minister for the environment in britain i was responsible for producing a rural white paper , which dealt with some of the problems relating to rural post offices , so i do not take messages from the labour party , however nicely spoken by mr simpson . postali
prices for posting a letter in sweden are 30 % higher than they are in the united kingdom . spedire
and if i may now turn to the united kingdom , privatisation of the post office in the uk was blocked because public opinion simply would not tolerate it . poste
it will be a triple blow to britain and a triple blow in particular to rural britain : an end to the daily delivery and collection ; an end to the uniform price - people in rural areas will pay more for their post ; and third and finally , an end to our extensive and excellent network of rural sub-post offices . postali
in exposing somewhere between 46 and 48 % of the revenue of an post to competition , it would have created serious doubts for the long-term viability of the irish postal service as we know it . post
the cherry-picking that would have ensued would have jeopardised the ability of an post to deliver daily and universally at reasonable cost . post
furthermore , the ability of our national postal service to cross-subsidise our rural post office infrastructure would have been put in serious doubt . postali
let me say this to an post : if this happens , you will have been given a valuable breathing space . post
use it to develop and invest in ireland 's rural post office system . postali
do not take the short-sighted easy option of allowing the rural post office system to die . postali
there are some amendments , in particular those which emphasise the importance of the universal service and of the rural post offices , which i can support . postali
the post office is close to people , to consumers and to employees alike . postale
firstly , the chief executive of the uk post office , mr john roberts , has talked about competition leading to improvements in quality and efficiency and lower prices . poste
secondly , the president of la poste , mr claude bourmaud , recently explained how the coming decade will herald the most profound transformation ever for postal operators around the world . bourmaud
the traditional post offices with their rigid structure of employment and slow adaptation to market requirements will not be able to compete in those markets if they are held back by parliament 's amendments . postali
we must create the tangible post of european ambassador to indonesia . figura
our position , however , is that national prosecuting powers must not be affected by the creation of the post of european public prosecutor . carica
a fixed date would act as an incentive for the post office to develop and modernise its services and would make planning and market investment easier . poste
now that parliament has failed to set a date the imbalance that exists between national post offices will continue , as some markets will be open and some will not . postali
however , it looks very much as if the goal posts are being moved each time , so that we will never reach the finishing line . spostato
finally , i should like to pay a tribute to all the work that has been done by mrs ogata for the unhcr and to wish mr ruud lubbers well in his new post . incarico
i recall that in the european parliament mission to argentina , former president alfonsín said to us that sometimes democracies only remember other democracies post mortem , that is , when there is no longer democracy . post
depopulation may be combated , in particular by maintaining public services in rural areas ( schools , post offices , transport services ) , and social facilities may be maintained by pooling the resources of several communes , for example , or by resorting to the use of mobile services . poste
this is really something that is quite unnecessary i would have thought in the post cold-war environment . superflue
in the scandinavian countries too , however , there are very few women in management posts , particularly at the highest level . posti
today there are only post mortem examinations . mortem
it is for that reason that , since 1995 , annual targets are set for the appointment of women to these and to other management posts . posti
the commission seeks to appoint the most suitable candidate for a post and , where there are equal merits relating to the relevant post , to give priority to the female candidate . posto
the commission considered that the candidate chosen had a profile more particularly related to the tasks of the post in question . posto
it is extremely gratifying that you should want to work to end discrimination but , since the commission has now once again appointed a man to the post of director-general - this time as the development directorate-general - i wonder if the commission ' s objectives were just so much rhetoric . nominato
is the commission prepared to tear up its decision and give this post to the most competent candidate , or must an appeal be made to the european court of justice in this case ? incarico
the basis on which the selection was made , as i said earlier , involved no criticism of , or disrespect for , the high qualifications of the woman candidate who came before us ; it related , as i said , to the fact that the candidate chosen had a profile more particularly suited to the tasks of the post in question . posto
allow me to highlight a few important measures aimed at getting europe moving : there needs to be further liberalisation of the energy markets , and the post and telecommunications sector - an area in which mr danielsson can act on his strengths . poste
another point i found interesting in today ' s debate is the extent to which an excess of bureaucratic posts is having a negative impact on the european development process . eserciti
i shall just say that this is a point which the commission is concerned about ; at times we have even worked on an indicator for bureaucratic posts .  
it is obviously a difficult subject and it is being piloted by eurostat , where a working party intends to define elements of precisely this nature which will provide us with more detail as to whether the concerns of a part of our society about the excess of bureaucratic posts reflects the reality of the situation or not . corrisponda
i would urge that it not all be allowed to collapse in legal wranglings and problems concerning the legal basis , for danish business too will have an interest in a solution ' s being found to this problem so that , for example , foreign experts legally resident in denmark can be posted to another eu country for a period and retain their social security rights and so that we can have experts over to denmark from other eu countries . trasferirsi
i am convinced that it is only by means of economic and social incentives , making the research profession more competitive with that of the united states and combining it , as is the case in italy , with senior management posts , as we do for judges , that we will , at last , be able to attract young people and to offer them a position with a future and profound respect for their dignity and the role of research scientists in europe . agganciandole
in january , the newspaper frontier post published a reader ' s letter , following which the newspaper ' s staff were taken into custody and accused of blasphemy . post
in accordance with the resolutions you tabled concerning freedom of expression in pakistan , the commission acknowledges that the incident which recently occurred at the border post of peshawar is cause for alarm and especially regrettable in view of the fact that , to date , pakistan has generally respected the freedom of the press , especially since the military coup of october 1999 . peshawar
in spite of the public apologies offered by the editors of the newspaper , frontier post , there is indeed no guarantee that no action will be taken against them . post
the definition of the ' new significant market power ' is based on court of justice judgment and refers to a form of ' reduced ' domination , since one of the features of dominance is to ' hamper competition ' , which is an ex post concept . post
madam president , judging from the correspondence which i have seen so far , and according to the letters which you had delivered to members ' post boxes today , it is quite apparent that you , or the head of your private office , i am not yet entirely sure which - had doubts as to whether the application for the removal of the immunity of mr berlusconi and mr dell 'utri , transmitted to this house via the spanish supreme court , was submitted in a proper and correct legal form . recapitare
i hope that a solution will very soon be found as regards further recruitment at olaf , as i can only repeat that it is certainly not only in my own interest but also in the interest of the commission as a whole for olaf to fill all the posts that have actually been agreed as quickly as possible . posti
we , the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , would like to emphasise that the following are some of the most important ways of fulfilling this aim : full implementation of the single market , the speedy liberalisation of monopolies , such as the electricity and gas boards and the post office , and opening up public procurement to genuine competition , without letting the question of local employment blur the issue . postali
germany has decided to extend the post office monopoly because everything has ground to a halt in europe . postale
and then you should pass a second resolution , madam president-in-office , stating that the heads of state and government must evaluate structural policy , post haste . rapidi
i am particularly pleased that my motion that the liberalisation of the telecommunications , post , energy and railways sector must not be hasty but balanced was accepted . poste
if we merely wanted a qualified majority vote in council then a directive would have very limited scope and would only cover posted workers . distaccati
finally , there is now a suspension in place on staging posts , while the maximum transport time is maintained . sosta
the fact that enel in italy or deutsche post in germany or france télécom exploit positions of monopoly in order to go and grab areas which have been liberalised in the markets of other countries must be opposed as dominant positions , as state aid , but this cannot be used as an excuse to allow countries which are moving towards a market-based economy to keep powers in companies which are supposed to have been privatised . post
we have to remember that the decisions that are now required concerning european patents , the liberalisation of competition among the gas and electricity boards and in the post office , making air traffic more flexible , galileo , and other matters , will not result in any real changes until four to ten years have gone by after the political decision is taken . postale
so it is all the more incomprehensible that after the admirable way the kosovo crisis was handled , when the entire macedonian people , both slavic macedonians and albanians , genuinely accepted the refugees in a truly commendable way , that just at this moment when albanians are occupying key ministerial posts , when the law on higher education has been passed , when the fate of the university of tetovo has been resolved with assistance from us and with the help of other states through additional funding , and the academic year can actually start , that just at ricoprono
i would have been more open to the creation of a new category for ferrets with the requirement for vaccination , which is possible , but no post vaccination test can be foreseen . successivo
like mr von wogau , i am tired of speaking about the much too slow deregulation and opening up to competition of the energy sector , transport sector and the post office in many different member states . postali
on another matter , i too call on the eu to implement rapidly the suggested liberalisation of the energy , post , airport and railway sectors . postali
too much post hoc justification of the fact and about-turns in policy . posteriori
follow-up is done via post , and this can obviously create delays in the preliminary stage of proceedings , well before it comes before the committee . posta
we have about 15 posts blocked . posti
it is therefore important , post lisbon , that the heads of state have agreed for the first time that they need to work together on pension issues . per
what is important is that it was decided post stockholm to examine the method of open coordination on the question of pensions , taking account , of course , of the question of subsidiarity and the specific problems of each member states . NULL
subject : chairman of the eu military committee the post of chairman of the military committee has been created within the structures of the council of the eu . carica
which institution will pay this official ' s salary , how will it be determined , and is it intended to seek the european parliament ' s approval for the post and the appropriations necessary to pay for it ? carica
it makes provision for 51 new posts in this area and for the further technical resources needed in order to refurbish the buildings . posti
there would be a total of 140 employees involved in this new organisation , of which 51 would be in newly created posts . occuperebbe
we take the view that this separate title alone does not empower parliament ; on the contrary , because these posts are the council 's responsibility , they are beyond our influence and control . posti
i should like to remind you that parliament stipulated that the second tranche of 317 posts was linked to the early retirement commitment , so as to bring about a bit more budgetary neutrality , and it is up to the institutions to achieve this . posti
but anyone who thinks that preparing for enlargement merely means creating new posts has failed to recognise the problem . posti
nor is it a question of creating new posts and manning them with officials from applicant countries . posti
staff policy : i am surprised at the administration , which is calling for numerous new posts on the one hand , while at the same time making increasing concessions in the so-called non-occupancy quota . posti
this means that more posts are saved than new posts requested . posti
in other words , there is a great deal of room for manoeuvre by transferring staff between the services of the european parliament without always needing to create new posts straight away . posti
in this connection it was stated , by the vice-president in the chair amongst others , that the committee on budgets was blocking the posts which were necessary to strengthen the security service . posti
as the rapporteur responsible , i should like to state here that the posts requested were entered in the reserve with the agreement of the bureau and that the bureau has not yet made any request for these proposed posts to be taken out of the reserve . posti
i firmly refute , therefore , the accusation that the budgets committee is blocking the posts necessary to improve security in parliament . posti
madam president , yesterday 's incident has nothing to do with the fact that certain posts have not yet been approved . posti
secondly , people are saying that the security guards posted at the entrances were responsible . spettato
that does not have anything to do with the posts either . posti
madam president , what i have to say concerns the minutes to the extent that , although it states correctly in the german version of the minutes that the secretary-general has been asked to report to the bureau on the matter , at least in the spanish version of the minutes - admittedly i have not been able to check all eleven language versions - it states that posts are being blocked by the committee on budgets . posti
having said which , here we are , post nice , and i think that the european parliament can help take us in a new direction ; one step could be making up the huge democratic deficit and taking part in constitutional procedures and another could be moving towards certain policies to benefit the citizens of europe . dopo
that is why i fear , even though i hear what is being said about post nice , that post nice will fail to come up to our expectations . nizza
i then noted that i welcomed the introduction of an independent ex post audit , but that that should not be at the expense of the opportunity of independent ex ante control . post
i am in favour of a system in which independent ex post audits are the rule . post
if we remove this option from the financial regulation , we will surrender an important weapon in the fight against fraud , and that would be irresponsible at a time when we have not gained any experience of decentralised ex post control . post
women , especially younger women , now have a high level of professional qualifications , but this is not reflected throughout their working lives , as in general they are in lower-qualified posts that do not enable them to fully achieve their professional expectations . posti
i believe this is one of the key issues , particularly considering how many young women are currently employed in temporary posts . sostituzione
the internet itself is no more responsible than the postal services for this criminal material , which can be transmitted by post . criminosi
there are some delegations which are overworked , and some posts is which there is not enough to do , and we are not always aware of objective criteria having been used to decide on staff distribution . sovraccariche
many posts remain unfilled for long periods of time , without suitable local staff being considered at least temporarily . posti
no one is able to explain to me why the commission , which has 18 000 posts , is nevertheless not in a position usefully to deploy 600 officials who are obviously no longer productive . posti
inside the commission , it has emerged that over 1200 posts needed to achieve fundamental strategic objectives are unfilled . posti
that assessment showed that even after the rationalisation efforts carried out in 1999 and 2000 there was a shortfall of 1 254 posts in relation to commission staff members assigned to priority activities . posti
the 342 remaining posts will be given back to the budgetary authority . posti
the committee on petitions is pleased to have thus fulfilled its role of an active listening post for its citizens . ascolto
but at the same time we cannot endorse the justification for these measures , namely to create an additional 1254 posts without incurring any additional expenditure . posti
we cannot help feeling suspicious about the way these posts are to be filled , given that it will be mainly by ' redeployment ' and ' rationalisation ' rather than recruitment . posti
parliament must strongly insist on its demand that a separate plan showing a structure of the posts involved in the administration of this policy should be put forward . organico
firstly , a comment on the fact that the opinion of the committee on budgetary control which is before us today still speaks of serious irregularities in olaf , specifically that there are more a grade officials than posts . posti
nothing like that has ever happened before and of course it creates difficulties , but to call it an irregularity and to create the impression that the commission has filled posts it was not authorised to is simply not correct and i must reject the term irregularities in this connection . posti
overall , the fact that posts are being blocked and also that unfortunately not all posts have yet been approved is not exactly making it easy for olaf to operate , and the authority does now have some really big tasks , and above all a wide range of different tasks , to cope with . posti
it is essential to stress with maximum emphasis that a clear distinction must be made between the costs of meeting the commission 's carefully measured request for 717 new posts including 118 posts in delegations , submitted in the amending letter last september , and the far smaller gross costs of investing in reform . posti
the new posts needed to enable the commission to fulfil its policy and operational obligations to 2006 , set out in fine detail in the amending letter and accompanying documents , will cost around eur 542 million . posti
i underline the fact that neither the request for commission posts , nor any of the commission 's reform proposals , would cause a breach of the limitations set down under heading 5 of the 1999 financial perspectives and the commission will fulfil the undertakings to stay within the limitations which we volunteered last year both to this house and to the council . posti
a further problem is that one of the countries managing the echelon system is the united kingdom , a member of the european union , while other member states such as germany have made their territory available for the siting of antennae , listening posts and other equipment . impiantarvi
with regard to the commission ' s staffing requests , the council continues to support the reforms and voted in favour of 78 new posts at first reading . posti
as for the other 239 posts , the council had not adopted a position on this matter on 20 july . NULL
it does not take an expert on budgets to work out that the council is submitting a proposal to cut down on posts . voci
unwanted post will not be limited to the internet . posta
amendment no 22 says that the member states must ensure that the noise maps and action plans are posted on the internet two months at the latest after being approved . pubblicati
in many of our countries they are crucial to agricultural production and many major companies employ third-country nationals in senior executive posts . posti
we must also emphasise the invaluable contribution that a project of this scale would make to the creation of new jobs - more than one hundred thousand - and we are talking about highly qualified posts . posti
all these governments have pursued money-saving policies with regard to essential public services , have got rid of railway lines , local post offices or hospitals , which are not considered to be profitable . postali
secondly , the register that is published must of course also be posted on the internet . disponibile
for such a post with high accountability and a huge significance for community funds , only heavyweights in the financial-political arena should be put forward . carica
as a result of this , we presented a claim for 717 new posts . posti
the budgetary authority approved 400 additional posts for the commission last year . posti
it has 189 established posts . posti
the temporary posts bring the total to 215 . posti
we would therefore be fairly apolitical and once those issues had been clarified , we would ask for the money to be released for the other posts . posti
we are creating another 99 posts this year alone . posti
lastly , i would like to refer to the question of the posts which we have put in reserve and we would like to ensure that the conditions for the reserve are met before the posts are released - including the fact that the commission has the capacity to use the posts during the next year in terms of the vacancies . posti
the same goes for the issue of the 317 new posts that the commission has asked for . posti
so it is right to keep these posts , and the resources for them , in reserve . posti
furthermore , given the misunderstandings regarding the number of non-assigned posts , i even question whether the previous system , with one commissioner responsible for both budget and staff , was not the best approach , insofar as the overall picture can be seen . posti
commissioner , please just take a look at the posts in the commission which have not yet been filled . posti
furthermore , the formula whereby a woman on maternity leave should be entitled , after the end of her period of maternity leave , to return to her job or to an equivalent post must be taken on board . equivalente
this is absurd of course , because these posts in local delegations are needed above all else so that reforms can be made in the first place . che
the commission has been asking for additional staff , but the numbers required have been assessed on a very conservative basis and we need every single post . ricoprire
the day after one of the worst spectacles that the european union and , in particular , its council of ministers has ever provided to the citizens of europe , the excellent report by mr poos , the former chairman of the council of ministers , appears , which not only shows us the way forward - it gives an outline that should be displayed on all the churches or public buildings in the european union , just like the theses used to be posted on the wittemburg church . wittemberg
he also wants the strange new post of high representative for the common foreign and security policy , which is developing into a european super-minister for foreign affairs and defence , but which cannot be called to account politically in this area , to be integrated into the european commission 's portfolio for external relations . integrare
the new berlusconi government is now blocking one of the central posts in the new olaf . cariche
in the various member states of the european union , this includes supplying the public with services in the fields of energy , water , waste disposal , transport , telecommunications , post , media , finance and insurance , a basic social , educational and training system , social services , external and internal security , a judiciary and a system of registration . poste
women are particularly underrepresented , at 9 % , in academic teaching posts in germany . sottorappresentate
we will also carry out an ex post audit . post
we are in this transitional phase , and we must aim for normality as quickly as possible , away from ex ante , towards ex post , to put it in simple terms . post
in my opinion , this will need to be one of the assessment criteria for the commission , to constantly monitor whether we could proceed any faster towards what i refer to as a more normal market , ex post , in other words . post
in heading 5 , one of the main areas where we differ is in our support for the commission on the reform programme , especially on the establishment plan and the posts that are needed . cariche
however , whilst we have agreed on the establishment plan , the committee on budgets voted for one third of those posts in reserve , albeit by a one-vote majority . cariche
however , i nevertheless wish to touch on one point , and a very important one at that , regarding the reserve for the 105 new posts envisaged up to now . posti
in particular , iran funds terrorist groups that are still holding hostage a number of israeli soldiers who are officially posted as missing in action . dispersi
member states where dutch officials may be posted who are married under dutch law to a same-sex partner must not of course obstruct the issue of residence permits , not even if it involves subjects of third countries . sposati
if i understand the matter correctly , the fact is that the partners of homosexuals who are not swedish , finnish or dutch citizens seeking posts within the institutions of the eu are not recognised by these institutions if , as mr cashman says , they do not have documentation . inoltrano
voting must be reformed ; speaking time should allow for lively debate , all members should have access to all documents from the legislative process ; small groups and independent members should have their fair share of posts ; backbenchers should be able to speak at least three times a year ; newcomers should be invited as observers and have their languages accepted . incarichi
we can all feel proud of that success because we have all contributed to it : the european parliament and national parliaments , governments , the european central bank and the member states ' central banks , the commission , commercial banks , post offices , retailers , businesses , the media and every one of our citizens who have helped to bring about this historic changeover . postali
i , as the person responsible - for the moment , since the allocation of posts in the bureau has still not been decided and i still have my former responsibilities in relation to buildings - , received a proposal yesterday afternoon which related to this . posti
the monitoring procedure regarding implementation must shift from ex ante to ex post . post
we do not believe that we should create other monitoring posts or institutions . funzioni
the way in which posts are distributed should be revised . seggi
violence , poverty and poor health among women are also commonplace , as is their absence from or under-representation in decision-making posts and , hence , their absence when euro-mediterranean cooperation is being negotiated and planned . centri
there are , in effect , tens of thousands of unfilled teaching posts throughout europe . posti
these are not interinstitutional posts but commission posts for which the commission itself is the appointing and decision-making body . difatti
this report supplements , strengthens and , in a positive sense , counterbalances the communications which we have received from the commission since commissioner vitorino took up this post .  
it was a matter of great concern to my fellow members , and i , as rapporteur , am very glad to take it up , that we should closely follow what happens in this sector , which is of course an important part of all our lives , for everyone is happy if , as is to be hoped , he gets agreeable post and not just bills . posta
i also attach great importance to our desire to be involved when the post is developed further . poste
you now have an opportunity , through this directive , to end your self-declared war on the british post office and the british people . postale
but europe has showed you how to maintain a viable post office offering a universal service of excellent quality at an affordable price . postale
as reiterated in a petition signed by french postal workers , we would like to point out that , the monopoly on the postal system in france has enabled us to build up a high quality public service that is valued by all . a comprehensive service is provided throughout france with 90 000 postmen and 17 000 post offices , whilst prices are some of the lowest available , thanks to tariff equalisation . 000
several post offices were closed last summer ; 4 000 workers on private-law contracts working for the postal service had inferior conditions of employment compared to existing permanent members of staff . contrattisti
in the end , instead of the required ex ante examination of the situation , we now have an ex post evaluation once the first steps have been taken , but at least that will allow us to determine what steps to take next . liberalizzazione
it does not make sense to move heaven and earth so that our cohesion policy can continue to be efficient while , at the same time , jeopardising the future of a village post office which is the village 's lifeline . postale
the importance of access to postal services is not the same in a country with 17 000 post offices and in a country that has barely one thousand . postali
mr president , the post and the postal services are indeed not just any old commodity and not any old service ; they are , rather a very sensitive article , one that also needs to be handled with care . poste
this deadline is , of course , well past and our main priority , therefore , is to create this post as soon as we possibly can . provvedere
most of the matters relating to the post have already been laid down in council regulation ( ec ) no 45 / 2001 and published in the official journal . ruolo
i hope , therefore , that whatever we decide - and i do hope that we decide to proceed with this post when we vote on this week - we will return to the matter and at an appropriate moment , perhaps , during discussion of the next treaty or before then , we will look at ways of endorsing the position of citizens and making sure their relationship with institutions in europe is a properly balanced one . ruolo
the duties of this supervisor will be limited to the first pillar , but europol and schengen - for which data protection instruments are also planned , with the creation in 2000 of a joint secretariat - are currently excluded from the post 's scope . esclusi
this means that very little data of a more sensitive nature will fall within the scope of this european supervisor 's mandate , which gives legitimacy to the criticism of those who say that the pay package is probably excessive for a post with such limited duties . remunerativo
the agreement involves quite a long process involving staging posts , regular dialogue and checkpoints , as well as close cooperation and partnership . stazioni
it is not enough to enable them to get the hang of the programmes and the management structures as well , and then require only 3500 posts up to 2008 , all of which is described as ' enlargement costs ' . posti
according to paragraph 15 of mr stenmarck 's report , parliament regrets that the dispersion of parliament 's staff in three working places remains a major obstacle for improving the allocation of human resources and points out , in particular , that the need to maintain a number of posts in luxembourg leads to unnecessary duplication in a number of services . posti
furthermore parliament hopes , says the report , that the forthcoming enlargement will provide an opportunity to improve the allocation of posts between brussels and luxembourg . posti
the amendments do not in fact involve any changes to the requirements which currently apply to sampling and / or post ante mortem inspections of slaughtered animals . post
i can take it on myself to provide an assurance that if the council forwards us the eight modifications it proposed regarding financial services by express post , the relevant reply will also be dispatched by express post . posta
this raises the point of your 500 non-permanent posts , which we are going to have to examine in detail . temporanei
let me again point out , with reference to the forwarding of information in the discharge procedure , that the commission always immediately posts on the internet evaluation reports on the various programmes and the different budget items , and that the figures on the implementation of the current budget are sent by electronic means to the committee on budgetary control on a weekly basis . pubblicate
ladies and gentlemen , since i took up my post , i have always tried to speak frankly , clearly and respectfully to the members of this parliament . incarico
furthermore , within this repertoire of positive measures , the chechen police are present at control posts on the republic 's transport routes . posti
all the union 's institutions agree that it is in china 's own interest , not just in that of the european union , for the people 's republic to become stable and prosperous and move towards democracy . this must go beyond holding municipal elections with more than a single candidate per post . seggio
if the post of eu liaison officer for senior citizens were to be created the rapporteur , our colleague , carlo fatuzzo , would be the most likely candidate for the job . istituire
we therefore need to adopt a package of measures to implement a european asylum policy post haste . concretizzino
the jerusalem post says of knesset member ben elon that ' he promises jewish continuity in jerusalem ' . post
we repeatedly call for increased participation of women in these jobs , a better balance between men and women , but we still notice a difficulty in achieving the presence of women in decision-making posts . ruoli
we must monitor compliance with the community objective of equality between men and women in programmes financed by european funds , pursuant to the treaty , and to promote a greater participation of women in decision-making posts . decisionali
mr president , according to its preliminary draft budget , the commission wants 500 temporary posts to serve the needs of eu enlargement , which would be financed by means of a flexible mechanism . posti
this is , of course , an excellent proposal , but we are overlooking the fact that two years have passed already and that the european economy is still at the starting post , that the necessary reforms are being postponed or diluted from summit to summit and that the hopes of europe 's unemployed of economic growth bringing them work are still linked to the resumption of growth in the us economy , which is the motor for growth . palo
i think it is irresponsible for us to be having a change in top-level posts now , just when contacts with the member states in the council , with parliament and above all contacts with the stakeholders are to begin . stakeholder
this , however , is not the case , as the broad lines of these proposals are public , having been posted on our web site at the end of the year 2000 , and there have been no changes to the political principles since then . figurano
i hope , at least , that the european union troika , which will visit the region from sunday to confer with sadac countries on possible courses of action in response to the zimbabwean crisis , will hear first-hand , at least in one of zimbabwe 's neighbours , about the dramatic worsening of the situation in zimbabwe from diplomats posted in harare . stazionati
and can we really expect the taxpayer to pay for people to move into consultancy posts when no one succeeds to office ? successore
i am pleased to note that , thanks to the treaty of amsterdam , the positive measures have been safeguarded : the right of women to return to the same job or an equivalent post after maternity leave is essential ; the right of men to the same job guarantee after a period of paternity leave is recognised , if such leave exists in the member state of which they are nationals , and this is also the case after adoption leave , if it exists in a member state . equivalente
it also constitutes a breakthrough of massive dimensions that women may not suffer any disadvantage in employment in connection with pregnancy or motherhood , and that they are accorded the right to their former job or an equivalent post after maternity leave . reintegrate
mr president , i am able to support the separation of foreign and security policy from other eu cooperation and the restriction regarding the constitution of the council , but i must disassociate myself from all the attempts to give the larger countries a greater share of presidencies and posts . cariche
i was in kashmir a few weeks ago and went to an indian post 3 400 metres up on the line of control , so i know what i am talking about . postazione
we now know that the commission is requesting funding for 500 new posts for the purpose of dealing with enlargement . posti
i am convinced that these posts are necessary , but we must nevertheless ask a number of questions before we simply agree to such an increase . posti
as such , we need more background information before we can just agree to automatically increasing the number of posts by 500 . posti
we wish to see results on these points before we agree to 500 new posts . posti
this means that the entire surplus is injected into the 2002 budget , and , above all , posts are created which the economic and social committee needs in order to take on the functions devolving on it from august onwards in consequence of the expiry of the ecsc treaty . posti
i can now observe that you appear to have enjoyed your term of office so much that you presented a vision of the union in which not only would the governments remain in control of the union but the council presidency would become an elected post and last for more than six months , thus competing directly with the commission presidency and upsetting the interinstitutional balance . durando
in conclusion however , i should like to emphasise the importance of the proposal before us to restoring the safety profile of the aviation industry , in a period post 11 september 2001 , in which this profile has been and is still fairly depressed and whose restoration is crucial to the sector 's survival . successivo
i also understood from today 's debate that the house agrees that the decisions in question , the regulations in question need to be passed post haste . approvati
this parliament needs to know that those responsible for this failure have themselves been removed from their posts . incarico
until such time , the dutch cannot gain any legal advice about complaints , and are sent from pillar to post . ufficio
the commission communication , which recommends introducing the so-called open method of coordination as a staging post on the road to complete convergence of the member states ' asylum policies , denies to all intents and purposes the spirit of humanity which should underpin asylum arrangements . tappa
that is the reason we have put the five hundred posts in reserve , which we wish to see released in stages as and when we receive information about the completion and the effectiveness of the reform . posti
lastly , we have taken a slight departure from the norm and are recommending that the 220 council posts are not approved until we have received a satisfactory explanation on a number of points which are listed in our amendment . posti
there are very specific points : we need referendaires in the court of first instance because the european union has failed to fill vacancies for judges , we need upgraded posts and we need improved translation services . posti
this means that with enlargement , these restrictions will ease to some extent , taking account of the fact that in a european union with 25 member states , many new posts will be needed in parliament , the council , the european court of justice and , not least , the commission . posti
let me add that in our call for additional posts in preparation for enlargement - posts which are not yet secure , although i greatly appreciate parliament 's efforts in this area - additional posts are envisaged for olaf as well . posti
the stock-taking for this year shows us that the concerns of the commission are very clear and very specific and that the commission , in particular , is very concerned that the new posts should be dedicated to the implementation of the community acquis in the candidate countries . posti
we therefore say ' yes ' to additional posts , but initially in the reserve , and we expect a detailed timetable to be presented , showing how you intend to use your remaining two years in office to complete the reform of the commission . posti
it has done so and will do so not through speeches , but through committed decisions and , therefore , in previous years it has provided the commission with the posts it had requested . posti
for next year new posts have been requested for the purposes of preparing for enlargement , which is an objective which nobody calls into question . posti
a further long overdue measure is the creation of posts for equal opportunities officers in all of the member states . posti
with regard to access to executive positions , only 2 % of women occupy the posts of departmental heads and managers , which rises to 3.2 % at more senior levels . cariche
he has done an outstanding job in establishing the role and function of the ombudsman as the first person to hold this important post . carica
mr president , the report submitted by the ombudsman demonstrates that this is an important and necessary post . ufficio
there have been some serious differences here between the council and the commission , because the council only approved additional posts for itself for 2003 in the run-up to enlargement , but rejected additional posts for the commission . posti
but , before we approve the new posts , we would very much like to see the reform elements in place and to know you are convinced that this whole reform process will be completed . posti
secondly , amendments are proposed in the report relating to the financial actors named in the financial regulation , and these amendments have two aims in view : a ) that the budgetary authority be informed when the authorising authorities - at a1 level - and the accounting officer change , and b ) that the posts of accounting officer and internal auditor be advertised externally . avvisi
we are unable , however , to go along with the report 's proposal , and , moreover , immediate external advertising would be contrary to the statute , which expressly provides for posts to be , in the first instance , trawled within the institutions , before they can be advertised externally . posti
you tell us that the reason we cannot have external candidates for the post of accounting officer is that there is a statute that says so . posto
as far as the external advertisement of posts is concerned , the statute - which , as you will be aware , is laid down by the council - governs the sequence of events involved in recruitment . posti
i have to say that the commission launched a communication strategy as early as the beginning of 2000 : all the questions and answers which we have received today have been posted on the internet in all the languages . messe
the two most important things , and the things i would most like to stress in relation to this change in government , are : firstly , the role of the finance minister , who has held his post since the first change in government . carica
the invites have been sent ; neither giscard nor the pope can retrieve these now from the post boxes , but it is too early to set a date for the start of the negotiations . buche
in fact , it is an attempt , by means of its provision for joint working methods , to strengthen the global capabilities of liaison officers posted to third countries by member state police authorities , which will provide a clear common benefit to all of them . distaccati
i agree with the addendum specifying the means to be used to inform employees about any vacant posts in the user undertaking . posti
although it was formulated mainly for internal use , i thought it my duty to inform mr giscard d 'estaing of its existence , and , for the sake of transparency , we have decided to post it on the internet by the end of the day in order to make it available , as others have done in the past , as a working tool for the convention and for all those interested . renderlo
what we propose is a new post of secretary of the union for foreign affairs . segretario
many of the people invited to the committee occupied very important posts during the management of the last outbreak of the disease . posti
of the new posts , 236 will be allocated to the council for the purpose of this preparation , whilst 500 will be allocated to the commission . posti
as regards where the commission will be allocating these posts , 59 of them will be in the area of competition , 53 in agriculture , 56 in the structural funds , 10 in olaf , 69 in the languages service and 60 in the publications office . posti
parliament safeguarded the posts needed in the commission for enlargement by amassing resources partly out of this year 's budget . posti
then there are the posts for the commission : surely that must be seen as an important achievement in this set of budgetary negotiations . NULL
but if i have just heard the commissioner correctly , none of those five hundred posts is going to dg environment , and i find that regrettable because it is of course also very important that environmental regulations should also be complied with and monitored in the candidate states . posti
hence , it would make very good sense if a substantial number of those five hundred posts were to go to strengthening dg environment . posti
we therefore suggested that we should have some overall view of this and , for that purpose , on first reading , we put 500 staff into the reserve - the additional posts requested . personale
we had a strategy and we had some muscle enabling us to achieve that , by withholding monies or posts so that action could be taken . posti
mrs buitenweg asked about the complement of posts for the environmental area , with reference to , among other things , the tasks that enlargement makes necessary , as environmental legislation must - quite rightly - also be implemented from day one , unless transitional arrangements are in place , but transitional arrangements , too , have to be observed . NULL
after you have finished voting on the 2003 budget on thursday , the enlargement dg will be given an additional 18 posts for preparation for enlargement , and more when the budget is implemented , with the result that , in the course of 2003 , the environment dg will have 33 additional posts at its disposal . posti
i was told in the past that they were signed whilst that person was in post . carica
during the mission , which took place in july 2002 , experts from the member states and the commission had an opportunity to visit the main border posts and the frontier areas most affected by illegal immigration , particularly from sub-saharan countries . valichi
the commission recognises that appointment to some posts could constitute - or appear to constitute - a conflict of interest . incarichi
we need a european coastguard to watch over european interests and to prevent ships in distress from being passed from pillar to post by member states who put their own interests first and in doing so make the wrong decisions . respinte
can you , in your capacity as president-in-office , confirm how many posts have been newly created for inspectors , and in which countries , in the course of the last week or the last ten days , and how many qualified applicants there are for these positions as inspectors ? posti
it goes without saying that our first priority post copenhagen is enlargement . copenaghen
therefore , these ex post lessons must offset what existed in the past with what , with difficulty , the international community and the karzai government are trying , clearly with numerous problems , to establish . post
the post of ombudsman is a crucial post for european democracy . carica
as deputy minister for foreign affairs , as mr diamandouros 's colleague at the university of athens and as a long-standing friend , may i say that i am delighted and excited by his election to this post . carica
nobody there understands , or rather everyone understands only too well , why samir geagea is in prison , while the leader walid jumblatt , whose excesses were every bit as bad as the worst offenders in this conflict , occupies a quasi-official post . jumblatt
mr president , in the multilateral spirit of world solidarity and the global coalition against international terrorism immediately post 11 september , we in europe , under the inspiring leadership of commissioner pascal lamy , have gone all out to build bridges , to win the usa over and to make doha a successful development round . contraddistingueva
it allows the entry of workers from a third country in the event that the post cannot be filled by a national worker or a worker from another member state of the union or by a resident of a third country with the right to access the labour market . posto
the documents were therefore posted on the internet so that any citizen could see each and every original document there . pubblicati
kazakhstan , as well as other countries in central asia , has also established the post of human rights ombudsman , although much remains to be done in terms of strengthening their mandates and facilities . ufficio
current french law stipulates that any member of the european parliament elected to a post that places them in a situation of incompatibility , such as president of a french departmental council , shall , purely by virtue of that fact , cease to exercise their mandate . carica
the legislator 's intention to avoid an appeal or option period is clear since the case where a member of the european parliament finds themselves in a situation of incompatibility with the exercise of a mandate rather than a post is also provided for . carica
in the case of incompatibility with a mandate , the legislator considers the consequences of the election being called into question , which it does not do in the case of incompatibility with a post . carica
such a priority should , of course , be seriously taken into account initially in the context of competitions for posts , but it must not constrain the actual outcome in practice . concorsi
mr president , president-in-office of the council , ladies and gentlemen , for ten years you have done nothing to prepare for a situation post - saddam hussein , to establish the protection of life and law in iraq and the middle east , and now , thanks to you , here we are discussing what to do after the war . saddam
we also know that the court of auditors has staffing problems ; its staff , which must be highly qualified , do not stay in their posts very long - perhaps for reasons of personal promotion or professional career - and we should consider how we can resolve these problems , so that this staff is more stable and in order to facilitate the work of the court . promozioni
i should like to go into more detail on equal opportunities policy : on women 's access to senior posts in this parliament . posti
where there is equal merit , systematic preference must be given to women when filling management posts until a balance is achieved . posti
you now have the report you reminded us about concerning lending activity , but it will probably not be possible to produce the publication you suggest about the ecsc 's activities since its formation in 1952 in all official languages by the end of this year because some of the posts have already gone to other services . personale
in january this person had to resign from his post because it became evident that , in addition to his regular duties , he was promoting the legalisation of drugs . dimettere
the secretary-general , for example , cancelled the finnish language post and now there is no visitors ' service in finnish . postazione
the applicant countries should take full part in the convention with full membership and have their fair share of the posts in the praesidium and the secretariat . posti
is the council aware that private dolores quiñoa , having been raped and abused by her superior officer in 2000 , has been sent home with no posting and no compensation for the harm she has suffered ? comunicazione
airlines have already endured an increase of 300 % for their insurance premiums post september 11 . dopo
my final point , mr president , has to do with administrative costs : a very sharp increase in staffing levels with 780 new posts and also a very sharp rise in the costs of buildings . posti
having accepted the urgent need to reform the commission 's accounting system along the lines suggested by its former chief accountant , marta andreasen - who was in post just four months and working in what was supposedly a hostile environment - and with your understanding , as commissioner for reform , that reforms often take longer than expected to deliver , conceive , plan and actually put into action , surely now you can accept that it is time to stop victimising marta andreasen and stop these ridiculous disciplinary proceedings against her . incarico
another reason i have raised this issue is that i have submitted a priority written question through parliament but whenever i raise the issue of bilderberg i am sent from pillar to post . pilato
let me give you just one example : deutsche post removed large numbers of post boxes throughout germany by stealth . post
in my electoral district , there is a hotel called ' zur post ' , which has provided postal services for centuries . post
just imagine the scenario : so many post boxes have been removed that the ones in munich are now overflowing . postali
it is essential to remove the idea of incompatibility with holding a national mandate too , because if we establish a full time president of the european council - albeit calling the post ' chairman ' or trying to draw up a restrictive job description - all the elements of duplication , or dualism in the leadership of the union , which have been condemned for being extremely confusing with regard to executive functions , will inevitably come about . denominandolo
although the dual presidency concept has not been totally abandoned , we need to seek models which prevent paralysis of the eu and which at the same time grant every country a commissioner 's post and which strengthen the president of the commission and provide for that president to be chosen by parliament . rafforzino
in view of such a dramatic situation , in 1996 the international olympic committee decided that , by the end of 2000 , 10 % of all posts in all decision-making structures should be reserved for women , including in the international federations and bodies belonging to the olympic movement , with a view to raising this quota to 20 % by 2005 . incarichi
for example , the palestinian authority has taken steps : the reform of the finance ministry , the creation of the post of prime minister and the support of the legislative council . carica
it would be for the best if , when the regulation takes effect , the political parties themselves were to undertake to post on the internet all data relating to income from donations . impegnassero
after this presidency we will clearly have to explain to the public what additional benefit europe is supposed to derive from the creation of a new post such as that of council president , a president appointed from the ranks of the council . funzione
on the arduous path to a common foreign and security policy , a post of common foreign minister has now also been created , which is supposed to combine the two functions carried out by the previous agents . figura
this undoubtedly constitutes progress , but creating a post does not yet mean that a common policy has been created . funzione
first the question of the directorates general or policy areas to which the total 717 posts approved by the budgetary authority in 2001 and 2002 were allocated . posti
the 2004 budget assumes there will be an appreciable reduction in staffing , in the number of posts in this directorate general , a reduction of 105 posts in fact . posti
expectations are that he will shortly be leaving the european parliament to take up a senior post in the administration of his region , valle d 'aosta . incarico
there is a suggestion , however , made by mrs peijs , to be specific , before her appointment as minister in the new dutch government , which is to use the type of post that has already been adopted and proposed by the european convention , of a european minister for external affairs . figura
mr trichet was thus assured of this post , albeit for only half the period , from the start . posto
we will be proposing to put money in reserve for two committees - about a million euro for each committee - and to cut back further posts in most of the other budgets . posti
it is important that we do not have ' carte blanche ' as regards enlargement and at the same time reject existing posts and existing staff policy issues - such as upgrading - which are important for the staff who are already working . posti
i would , finally , like to point out to you that the council has reduced the number of posts for expenditure connected with enlargement . voci
this means that in the future we can very likely abandon the practice where parliament decides separately on the establishment of a post or changes to it . posto
for instance , automatic mandatory mobility for senior management and for people in money-handling , contract-handling posts will in itself provide a safeguard against a repetition of the double accounting that we have detected in eurostat . posti
it is an anomaly that we are having to discuss the pressing needs of enlargement at a time when , technically , we cannot consider the budget that we know must be used for that purpose post 2004 . dopo
we should also be denouncing the indecent incitement to homicide by a minister in the israeli government and by an influential newspaper like the jerusalem post . post
i can give you some examples : the number of vacant posts in the commission must not exceed 4 % , the new posts are to be allocated exclusively to citizens of the new member states , the commissioners must respect the code of conduct that they agreed at the beginning of their term of office – particularly with regard to ‘ parachutage ’ , as we always call it – and , last but not least , the commission must , in our opinion , give its full attention to the implementation of the budget . vacanti
i believe that enlargement has been used in some cases as an excuse by some institutions to create posts for which there is little justification . posti
on behalf of the commission , i can certainly welcome wholeheartedly the restoration by parliament of the 272 new posts requested by the commission for enlargement-related tasks , which the council had deleted from the establishment plan . posti
you will initially enter these posts in the reserve , which i , naturally , see as less than ideal , but i can assure you that i shall do everything in my power to meet the prescribed requirements so that the funding for these posts can be released at the second reading . posti
the second item is the very small item of eur 37 000 , which relates to the creation of an a7 post in the commission office in washington . a7
we have therefore put the 272 posts in reserve . posti
following the examples of the telecommunications , post , electricity and natural gas sectors , it is meant to help open up the networks to competition and thus reduce prices for consumers . poste
i ask the commission to issue a diplomatic ' habeus corpus ' challenge to the british foreign secretary : restore a good man to his post and the gainers will be the uzbek people and their leaders , but also the good name of british diplomacy . integerrimo
mr president , neither the celebrations nor the word ' constitution ' can conceal the anti-grass roots essence of the new treaty , which adds yet another link to the chain binding the peoples post maastricht , amsterdam and nice . dopo
once this regulation is approved , immigration liaison officers posted to third countries must form effective networks for cooperation at local or regional level on the basis of the positive precedent set by the network established in the western balkans at the initiative of the united kingdom and which has shown positive results in regulating immigration from that region to the states of the european union . collocati
in the committee on employment and social affairs earlier this week i already really let fly at the commission on one point on the social agenda ; the posting of workers directive . distacco
we know that when there is no special assistance , through positive action measures , with laws to facilitate this great presence of women , we women have real problems accessing institutional posts , political posts and therefore political decision-making posts and positions of power . cariche
it is rather ironic reading the council recommendation from december 1996 , which stresses that the under-representation of women in decision-making posts leaves their experiences unused and undervalued and thus constitutes a loss for society as a whole . centri
adopting legislative measures for positive discrimination that facilitate women ’ s access to political posts must always be considered very carefully , so as not to distort the genuine rules of democracy and of free choice and also not to offend and discriminate against women who , of their own free will and on their own merits , have risen to the highest positions without any artificial mechanisms to promote them . cariche
i have just received a letter from italy , where a competition was held to appoint 1 600 scientists to university posts . italiane
it is very clear that we need both ex ante and ex post regulation . palese
we want speed in the package that pertains to the posting of workers directives . distacco
there is a question mark over whether the occupants of those posts should be engaged to such an extent in such a political battle while holding those offices . cariche
. – the decision to determine the indications that are to feature on signs posted at external border crossing points was taken first in 1994 , under the schengen system . collocata
. – for several years now , the εu has been systematically promoting the penetration of big business into a series of sectors in public ownership and under public control ( energy , telecommunications , railways , post offices and so on ) . postali
as rapporteur , i still am not aware of anything having been received by parliament , although i am assured by mr bolkestein 's services that his letter is in the post . spedita
it would be more sensible to refer to this post as ' chair ' of the european council and not ' president ' . ragionare
the staff working for olaf must be independent of all the institutions , and it is important that staff are not allowed to apply for posts in the commission afterwards , because we have of course seen examples of cases being shelved because people had to go back to the commission . incarichi
in the late seventies , there was a joke in my country stemming from the fact that there was a main post office that did not function properly . postale
there was a problem with the waste , and the joke was that the solution was to package the waste up and send it to the main post office , where it would go round and round in an eternal cycle until the radiation had diminished . postale
the entry into force of the european health insurance card will result in a harmonisation of the rights of insured people and their family members whether they are travelling , studying or posted abroad , or are job-seekers or international road transport drivers . studiano
nonetheless , the united states ' pentagon website has posted a list of 63 so-called favoured countries which president bush wants to include in the bidding process for usd 18 billion of contracts to rebuild iraq . pentagono
some member states already apply vat to post , or to some or all services provided by the universal service provider , recognising the problems caused by an outdated exemption . postali
at a time where competition exists in the postal market and the communications revolution has created new channels that to some extent compete with post , lower rates of investment put public operators at risk . posta
it was precisely because the postal services were to some degree sheltered from competition and from the pursuit of profit that they were able to perform their role ; it was because they did not exist to be profit-making but to provide a service that they served the most secluded villages and criss-crossed the land with a dense network of post offices . postali
the first observation relates to the difficulty raised by certain members regarding the difference , in their scandalous judgment , between the pay of an mep and that of certain political posts in candidate countries . cariche
each post receives a salary in accordance with its level and its scope . funzione
transfer of information used to mean a journey to the archives , copying documents and posting them off . spedirli
sending information used to mean putting it in the post and waiting around for it to arrive ; now email gets to where it is going in different parts of the world in seconds . plichi
instead of two temporary a3 posts for the supervisory committee , it should read ' two temporary a7 posts ' . posti
we know , however , how important it is for many people in europe that there should be in their neighbourhood a post office – ‘ office ’ is perhaps the wrong word – a postal facility . postale
you will also understand , however , that parliament will pay particular attention to rules that enable tasks to be carried out transparently and effectively , to appointments to posts and cost management at the future agencies . incarichi
– mr president , some 15 years ago , as a young academic , i applied for and was offered a post at the free university of berlin . ottenni
i would like to point out that the commission should implement the rules ex post , but certainly not decide on them itself ex ante . deciderle
the cor has now begun to improve things : the secretary-general has been removed from his post for different reasons – although the bungled process of his appointment was also likely to be a result of the administrative chaos at the cor ; the president of the cor has announced a preliminary enquiry into the opening of disciplinary proceedings ; a reform process has been set in motion involving all cor staff who wish to be involved and a former member of the court of auditors is to advise the cor on the adequacy of the reforms . incarico
there were a number of questions in relation to the number of inspectors at the border posts . posti
why does the management board not have an equal number of members appointed by the commission and the council respectively , and why is the position of executive director not to be publicly advertised in the same way as the posts of other heads of important eu authorities ? posti
although the spring european council is certainly not the culmination of european history , it could well be a key staging post on the way to the speedy adoption of a constitution and as we progress towards putting in place the economic and trading frameworks that are indispensable if europe is , at last , to enjoy growth . apice
public embarrassment often has more impact than a pile of infringement proceedings in the post . notifiche
mr president , the publicly-owned postal company in ireland , an post , is currently struggling for survival . postale
to oblige an post to now apply vat to its postal services could well be the death knell of the company . suonarle
there are now , moreover , added disadvantages , in that those who post letters are going to have to pay yet another new tax , and so i was happy that a majority in the house shared my concern and rejected the report . spediscono
the rapporteur proposes , however , that this time , note should be taken of the objections that led to the report ’ s initial rejection , and suggests increasing the weight limit from 2 kg to 10 kg for the reduced rate applicable to normal post and that the entry into force of the directive should be postponed until 2007 . plichi
mr president , i should like to comment on the commission recommendation concerning staging posts when live animals are being transported from one member state to another within the union . sosta
staging posts were originally introduced as a disease-control measure when the problems concerning bse were first discovered . sosta
a lot of research has been carried out in ireland on the merits or demerits of staging posts in general , and studies by leading agricultural research institutes have shown that it is better for animal welfare on long journeys between ireland and the continent that staging posts remain . sosta
staging posts allow animals to be unloaded , watered and rested , and also the essential cleaning and rebedding of trucks . sosta
i for one believe that the retention of staging posts is of key importance in this regard , and i am certainly not alone in this view . sosta
the retention of staging posts is important and the question of density also has an impact on the economics of transport . sosta
the provision of staging posts , therefore , is a central requirement . sosta
i regret , then , that the arab league summit could not take place as planned , not least because it was expected to adopt a common declaration on domestic reform which would have been an important staging post in developing our common agenda . araba
the entry into force of the treaty of nice was an important staging post for the application of article 6 and article 7 of the treaty . segnato
rogue traders who seek to cheat consumers have spotted this and are more prevalent in cross-border cases than in domestic ones , targeting consumers across borders through the post , by e-mail or via websites . posta
the political priority attaching to enlargement is also reflected in administrative expenditure : the commission will , as stated in the communication of 2002 and reiterated a few moments ago by your general rapporteur , apply for the next batch of additional posts for enlargement . posti
this will involve the establishment of 700 new posts , about half of which will be assigned to the language services . posti
lastly , allow me to refer to the establishment of new posts . posti
let me forewarn you clearly that we shall be examining very carefully whether 700 posts are really needed . posti
the 2005 estimates are based on the following key parameters : full 12 months of enlargement-related expenditure with nine new languages , and of course , if the outcome of this week 's referendum in cyprus is positive , a tenth new language will be added ; 44 working weeks , of which three constituency weeks , 12 ordinary part-sessions and six additional part-sessions ; a 2.7 % salary adjustment , and a 7 % standard abatement for posts . posti
the director-general and all the directors were moved to advisory posts while the commission conducted a thorough investigation into who was directly involved . funzioni
but it is not simply a matter of approval , for huge commitments and great challenges await you in your new posts . ardue
that has been done entirely on the basis of merit , but also by the deliberate fostering and encouragement of women to seek and obtain posts for which they are very well qualified . cariche
the commission ’ s standing has not been helped by the fact that three commissioners have resigned prematurely to take up posts in their national governments . cariche
november 2002 : a special staging post when we invited all the parliamentarians to be with us before the copenhagen summit of that year ; 2003 : the year of parliaments and parliamentarianism . raccoglimento
the candidates have informed me that they accept their candidature and , given that the number of candidates does not exceed the number of posts to be filled , i propose that the election be by acclamation , in accordance with rule 12 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure . seggi
i would also like , president borrell , to congratulate you on your election to the post of president of the european parliament and to wish you well . carica
javier solana , who has been outstanding in his present functions , will continue in the post of secretary-general of the council , and pierre de boissieu will continue as deputy secretary-general . carica
mr president , i wish to congratulate you on your election to your new post and i wish you well . incarico
mr president , mr barroso , allow me firstly to congratulate you on your nomination to the post of future president of the european commission , and allow me also to make a few comments on three points i believe to be important . carica
i would like to ask you whether , in your new post , if a similar situation arose , you would allow individual member states of the european union to take a similar decision without having first consulted the council , without there previously being a common position amongst all the member states of the european union . funzione
if the situation is as you describe and there are members of this parliament who have not been included in any committee , i would ask the leaders of the political groups – and in particular the president of the group of the european peoples ’ party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , to which these members belong – to produce a proposal as soon as possible to re-allocate posts guaranteeing that all members can join a committee . posti
i know that members in my own group asked questions such as : will this person get this commission post ? posto
i congratulate mr barroso and , in accordance with rule 98 ( 3 ) of the rules of procedure , i shall inform the council and invite it to propose the candidates for the various posts and members of the commission in joint agreement with its president-elect . funzioni
they are weapons of dialogue that we use every day of the week in turning post – communist states into member states of the european union or wider europe neighbours , away from totalitarianism and tyranny and towards democracy . allontanandoli
before giving the floor to the spokespeople of the political groups , i would like – on behalf of parliament and on my own behalf – to thank you for your work at the head of the commission , and point out that you took up your post at a particularly difficult time in the history of europe , and that five years later – at the end of your mandate – europe has undergone certain historic transformations . incarico
you , on the other hand , have preferred to use your prestigious post in order to carry out political activities in italy directed against the government and to take on the leadership of the opposition . incarico
on 9 may , your house adopted the second amending budget , which allocated the data protection supervisor the sum of eur 1.272 million and 15 posts in the 2004 budget . posti
section viii , part b for the 2004 budget year amounts to eur 1.9 million in total and provides for the conversion of three permanent posts into temporary ones , with no change in the number of staff employed , as approved in this year ’ s second amending budget . posti
we simply do not need this post of european data – protection supervisor and i strongly urge members to vote against this amending budget and , just for once , to say ' no ' to the eu empire builders . funzione
do the european commission and those aspiring to the highest posts within this institution wish to build a better future on the ruins of all that is sacred , thus depriving europeans of goodness and beauty ? cariche
do not forget your responsibility to parliament once you are confirmed in post tomorrow . incarico
but we cannot , and we will not , diminish the status of this house , the standing of the civil liberties committee or the stature of the post of the european commissioner for justice and home affairs in the interest of an easy life . incarico
the post of commissioner is a political post for which we need people capable of carrying out their duties with complete independence and with an acute sense of the european dimension and interest , and not any individual interest . carica
there is only one reason for this that will stick in the mind of the general public and that is the fact that a candidate for the post of commissioner dared to express his religious convictions . posto
there is another against mr buttiglione , who has drawn public attention and disqualified himself from the post of commissioner for justice and home affairs by making unspeakably discriminatory remarks , and there are many more . posto
it is someone who would be in an extremely sensitive post , with responsibility for controversial issues concerned with discrimination , civil rights , refugees , police cooperation and the fight against terrorism . posto
we want constructive cooperation with the commission , but we cannot support a commission with mr buttiglione still in this post . incarico
the number of staff posts for the agencies has risen from 418 in 2000 to 2695 . posti
i wish to thank your house for accepting the 700 posts that the commission had requested , but you can well imagine that i am not equally enthusiastic to learn that you are saying that 150 of them should be put in reserve in the first instance . posti
it goes without saying that it is one of parliament ’ s important duties to constantly monitor what is done with these posts and whether the right priorities are being set for their use , but i would like to argue in favour of the imposition of conditions on the release of the reserve that can actually be met in future . posti
i would also , on behalf of the prodi commission , like to thank parliament for always having approved the increases in posts for which we asked , for you are of course aware that increased expectations cannot be met without the resources to do so being in place . organico
that also applies to administrative expenses and new staff posts . posti
however , the ppe-de group considers the creation of new posts to be permissible only on submission of a clear and comprehensive justification of the need for such posts . posti
secondly , linked to the matter of the financial perspective is one of the questions that we put down on the approval of posts . posti
i should also like to say to you , ladies and gentlemen , that the in-coming commissioner – although we do not yet know when she will take up her post – has given us guarantees that she will carry on the work that is already under way and has given some signals as regards her commitment that i feel are most welcome and that make me think that we will continue along the same path that we have thus far been following . funzioni
in addition , obligatory checks are carried out on all imports of animal products at the point of entry , in the eu border inspection posts . posti
not only did he accentuate the most controversial features of european economic and social policy by placing champions of liberalism in strategic posts , but he also fuelled fears of a return to the moral and patriarchal order of times gone by and of people uniting behind a vision of the world closer to that of american neo-conservatives than to the expectations of europeans . posizioni
there is therefore ample reason for neither this referendum nor mr lukashenko ’ s right to run for re-election to the post of president to be recognised , even though no independent observers were present . candidarsi
on the subject of unemployment , the latest eurostat figures show that across the 25 member states of the eu , only 38 % of permanent posts are held by women , meaning that most work done by women is insecure . posti
all eu countries operate blanket exclusions against people with diabetes in certain posts , but the range of excluded occupations varies widely . professioni
through you , we would also like to make members aware that we now have an attractive green patch in brussels , namely at ground-floor level very near the post office . postale
the ridiculous statistics produced by the commission on the basis of invalid calculations cannot disguise the fact that if mrs kroes had been in mr monti ’ s post , she would have had to stand aside in no less than 35 cases . viziati
you lived up to my expectations when you quickly and efficiently put together a commission with eight female commissioners and sound liberal people of first-rate ability in important posts . incarichi
we did not , however , have any objection to mr buttiglione ’ s being appointed to another commission post . incarico
i have been surprised to hear some members of a parliamentary group express serious criticisms of a commissioner , in this case the commissioner responsible for competition , when that same group had insisted that i retain the commissioner in question in this post , which puts us in a peculiar situation in terms of relations between parliament and the president-designate . posto
it was only as communism declined , in its final days , that the post of ombudsman was created in poland . carica
this post is gaining greater authority in my homeland with every parliamentary term . carica
it was also a pleasure for me to hear that mrs reding , the commission representative , once held the post that it is my privilege to hold today . incarico
the fact that mrs kroes has been retained in the post of commissioner responsible for competition is tantamount to a time bomb that may do serious damage to the commission in the future . incarico
the replacement of mr buttiglione by mr frattini means that the post of commissioner for freedom , security and justice is held by a man known for having drafted italian laws intended to shield mr berlusconi from accusations against him , most notably those relating to corruption . incarico
although the most inappropriate of the original commissioners-designate has , thanks to parliament ’ s intervention , been prevented from taking up his post in the college of commissioners , i feel that this is a commission with an excessively neoliberal bias , under a leadership that could do a good job provided it does not backslide on the democratic principles and objectives of european integration . incarico
we did not , however , have any objection to mr buttiglione ’ s being appointed to another commission post . portafoglio
but if we look , for instance , at the distribution of civil servants ' posts between the old and new member states in the commission , this is unfortunately not the case . posti
the commission has reserved eight posts at a1 level and 29 posts at a2 level . incarichi
where is this nation to find untainted , independent staff , who have not been close to the dictator , who have not belonged to the communist or been part of the to fill posts in these administrations and thus ensure that they are independent , which is what we require ? incorrotte
firstly , i must inform you that , following the invitations for the presentation of the candidatures for the post of european ombudsman , the deadline for which was 30 september of this year , four candidatures have been presented , of which two will be put forward , namely , those of mr nikiforos diamandouros and mr giuseppe fortunato . nomina
i am grateful for the good will and the commitment of the commissioner in her new post , and we welcome her into it . incarico
those posts will be merged into a single position . posti
fourthly , the treaty strengthens the eu by creating the post of eu foreign minister , and it enables full continuity to be achieved by means of longer presidencies , without the eu being turned into a superstate . figura
this constitution is an important , essential and indispensable staging post , but it is still only a staging post . tappa
it is to be hoped that in future leading politicians from european parties will stand for this post . carica
in addition , the proposed directive reinforces the control of posted workers because it establishes a system of cooperation between member states and obliges the country of origin of the service provider to assist the authorities of the host member state in the supervision of working conditions . distaccati
moreover , a number of derogations from the country of origin principle cover , for instance , the applicable working conditions in the context of posting of workers , consumer contracts , health and safety on building sites and public health . cantieri
i do not agree , however , with the absence in the preamble of any reference to europe ’ s judeo-christian heritage , the end of the rotating presidency among the member states , the eventual reduction in the number of commissioners and the creation of the potentially contentious post of european minster of foreign affairs . carica
is it true that the bidders in response to this invitation to tender of 30 june include the british council , where one of the posts of responsibility is at present occupied by the former commissioner responsible for administration who arranged for these sudden redundancies ? posto
our proposals do not call into question the responsibility of member states when it comes to organising and financing key public services as required by their societal needs , nor do they undermine the rules on the posting of workers as laid down in the directive . collocamento
i received him a few days before the beginning of the election campaign , because , as president of the commission , i do not use my post to oppose any particular government and i do not distinguish between governments of the left and of the right . oppormi
we must take the best advantage of the new possibilities offered to us by the constitution thanks to the creation of the post of foreign affairs minister and of a european foreign action service . carica
at a national level within ireland , the post office network is under threat , particularly the smaller rural post offices that are not computerised and cannot , therefore , offer an adequate level of service to citizens . postali
the post office network will require a public service obligation in order to remain viable , and this proposal to exempt small-scale public funding such as this from the obligation of prior notification to the commission makes absolute sense in that it allows sufficient flexibility at national and regional level without distorting the internal market . NULL
recently the subject of posts in parliament has arisen once again . sedi
merits or qualifications making people suitable for a judicial post will no longer be relevant , but rather solely their affinity with a political minority . incarico
let me repeat that this is not about the 60-kilometre radius , or about the post and service industries . postali
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the number of poles occupying top management posts in the commission is a source of some concern to polish meps . funzionari
even though it was agreed that poles would hold 17 of these posts , there is not yet a single polish director-general , deputy director-general , director , chief advisor or head of unit . posti
lithuania and cyprus , which were meant to receive four and two posts respectively , are facing the same problem , taking the total to three countries . spettavano
smaller member states are excluded from the backroom deals that decide the posts . incarichi
it is also true that mr wolfowitz , who has been nominated for the post of president of the world bank , came to brussels , where he met the president of the ecofin council , mr juncker , and the representatives of the other european governors of the bank . wolfowitz
– mr president , firstly , i should like to offer you my congratulations and my best wishes , on this , the first time i have taken the floor since you took up your post . incarico
to return to the issue for farmers , their concern , in particular with the new single farm payment regime , is to receive prompt payment of what they now call the ‘ cheque in the post ’ , to have it delivered on time and within their production year , because it comprises such a huge proportion of their farm income . posta
the 700 000 or so lorries that drive through slovenia into italy every year , must , on crossing the border , use the special lanes through the italian customs posts at the cities of trieste and gorizia . posti
we also support the rapporteur ’ s amendment that modifies the text relating to the post of european coordinator , maintaining the amendment approved in the committee on industry , research and energy , to the effect that the coordinator should be appointed for those projects that raise difficulties and that parliament should be consulted in relation to the appointment of the coordinator , something that was approved in the case of the trans-european transport networks . carica
the environment in particular demonstrates to us every day that it knows no national boundaries and neither positive nor negative effects stop at the border post . postazioni
we have already seen what happens : schools , churches and post offices close and people move away from the countryside to the towns . postali
it was in this context that the post of eu coordinator in the fight against terrorism was created , and i should like to welcome mr de vries , who is in the house today . creato
as far as consular posts are concerned a roll-out plan for the entire project development period becoming operational at the end of 2006 and further development between 2007-2013 should be prepared in cooperation with member states . consolari
between now and the meeting of the european council , there will be a series of staging posts which , we hope , will lead us to a council position to match that of parliament and then to the adoption of the interinstitutional agreement . tappe
it would not be fair if a member of the european parliament from a country in which salaries are low were to receive a salary several times higher than that received by someone with a similar or more senior post in his or her own country . ricevesse
today , when we discuss the srebrenica massacre , we must question the behaviour of europeans , question the behaviour not of the dutch soldiers who were in srebrenica but of the un itself , because , while the un ’ s mandate in srebrenica authorised the 50 000 soldiers posted to bosnia to do everything , to control the traffic and so on , it did not authorise them to protect the population . stanza
each of those represents a vital staging post on the onward march of progress towards helping many of the world ’ s poorest countries and the peoples of africa . appuntamenti
i think it is worth remembering what the commission was proposing concerning the role of parliament , namely the simple forwarding to parliament of an ex post evaluation focused on the entire programme , an evaluation drafted by the commission one year after the programme ’ s conclusion . proponeva
the council accepted the vast majority of the new posts requested by the institutions for enlargement , pre-enlargement and new tasks . posti
however , it is true that we applied a modest reduction to take account of the significant delay in recruitment for posts granted in previous years . posti
we have recently received a paper from the commissioner , which we will be considering over the next few weeks , to inform our position on the question of administration and more specifically of posts . posti
i am happy to announce that i have secured the support of the commission for a further 50 posts to strengthen the representation offices . funzionari
given the substantial lead-in time for the equipment of posts and training , there is real urgency to adopt this regulation as soon as possible . posti
however , i should like to ask them to read the interviews by the israeli prime minister arial sharon in the jerusalem post , the and the on 22 april 2004 , in which the real objectives of the unilateral disengagement of israeli settlers from the gaza strip are presented . interviste
when discussing the condition of textiles post 2005 , commission member louis michel expressed his view that the cause of the decline and potential collapse of the textile sector , and , evidently , other european industrial sectors , is the inability of countries to run their economies . dopo
given that it was possible to find equitable solutions in other situations , of which the posting of workers directive is but one example , the commission remains convinced that it is possible to reconcile the four freedoms under the european treaties with the different social models chosen by the member states . distacco
the commission will be invited to present its analysis of the situation and all the legal elements , including article 49 of the treaty on the freedom to provide services and the application of the posted workers directive . distacco
it was the swedish labour court that asked whether there is incompatibility with community law , in particular the posting of workers directive , article 49 on the free movement of services and article 12 on non-discrimination . distacco
let me take this opportunity to point out that other countries – for example , the country from which mr schulz comes – have already responded by availing themselves of the provisions made by the posting of workers directive for the building sector , or of the option provided for in the accession negotiations , namely of enacting transitional regulations for workers from the states that most recently joined the eu . distacco
in the past , the freedom to provide services has always – not least in the posting of workers directive – been seen as compatible with workers ’ protection . distacco
whenever the commission talks of the need to adopt a directive on services , it assures us that the posting of workers directive , the provisions of which are intended to prevent social dumping , will continue to apply . distacco
we should therefore ensure that the posting of workers directive becomes more than just a piece of paper in our member states . distacco
nor i am aware of having received any complaint about recruitment and the filling of senior posts . rango
i managed to lower the turkish flag from a new military post being built in that area and brought it here today in order to remind my fellow meps , once again , that an eu member state is occupied by a candidate country and yet the eu seems strangely able to tolerate this absurd situation . postazione
mr president , last friday condoleezza rice , the us secretary of state , ordered the highest level enquiry into the leaks to the washington post and human rights watch . trapelate
before leaving his post , commissioner lamy informed us , on 21 april 2004 , that he intended to propose a tariff of eur 230 per tonne of bananas imported . 2004
parliament has set up a reserve for posts in the commission , which will be paid out only if the work programme is agreed to . posti
furthermore , in order to prevent any danger of double registration or mass fraud as far as possible – since the question mentions it – the electoral commission , with the endorsement of the international community , opted for voter registration on the basis of biometric data , the immediate issuing of the voter ’ s card , the daily posting of lists of registered voters in each registration office , the use of indelible ink and the cleaning up of voter lists on the basis of biometric data . spedizione
we must enforce our own policy not just against the myanmar oil and gas company , but also against the myanmar timber company and myanmar post and telecoms , and i regret that they do not appear in this resolution . poste
how fortunate that ethics and respect for human rights are not express criteria for the appointment to the post of commissioner . nomina
unfortunately , once again it is necessary to point out that , although more than a year has passed since eu enlargement , many permanent staff posts set aside for the new member states still remain vacant . posti
in accordance with the decision taken at first reading , the proposal at second reading is again to support all the permanent staff posts requested by the other institutions in connection with enlargement , and also other additional expenditure connected with enlargement , in order to ensure the success of the next round of eu enlargement . posti
this priority encompasses such matters as : focusing eu institutional expenditure on fundamental tasks ; giving support to new budget requests and permanent staff posts requests only after having assessed the possibility of redistributing resources and staff within the framework of the existing budget ; giving support to new initiatives only after having assessed their impact on the budget and interinstitutional cooperation with a view to economical and effective use of budget resources . posti
finally , the choice proposed in amendment 20 between the notice being served by a bailiff or being delivered by post should not exist . posta
i had good reason for posting him as missing on 12 october . disperso
in relation to the further work that romania has undertaken , border police and customs have dismissed large numbers of senior border and customs officers at several posts for ineffectiveness and corruption . sedi
this may be the political equivalent of a cheque in the post , but i understand that the council and commission are committed to pursing a robust discussion on democracy and human rights issues under article 8 of the cotonou agreement . spedito
one thing i have learned and that has been borne in on me since i took up this post – something that some members might bear in mind , given some of the contributions that have been made this evening – is that when you appeal to , or respond to , or try to accommodate the interests of certain developing countries , more often than not you will find yourself taking away from , or denying opportunities to , or dissatisfying , other developing countries . incarico
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the commission attaches a great deal of importance to parliament ’ s resolution on the member states ’ implementation of directive 96 / 71 / ec on the posting of workers in the framework of the provision of services . distacco
the commission lent its support to a research project carried out by the european federation of building and woodworkers on the practical impact of the posting of workers directive , which was followed up by a conference . distacco
in addition , a dedicated website has been launched on the posting of workers , which contains key information in three languages on the legal framework governing the posting of workers and links to related documents and websites set up by the member states that cover problems relating to the posting of workers . distacco
i have been informed that the committee on employment and social affairs has decided to draft an own-initiative report on the impact of directive 96 / 71 / ec on the posting of workers in the framework of the provision of services . distacco
would you not agree that the experience to date of the posting of workers directive indicates that amendments are required in order to clarify the application of that directive to the delivery of services from third countries , such as turkey , and also from some other member states ? distacco
finally , could you indicate what statistics you have with regard to the number of posted workers and labour inspectorates in the various member states and the effectiveness of those inspectors ? distaccati
am i right in assuming that he does not consider the setting of quotas for third-country workers to be the right course of action for the european internal market ; and that , when he works on the proposals for the revision of the posting of workers directive , he will actively take into account the french study that concludes that the existing system provided for in the directive is not working in the member states ? distacco
i would thank the commissioner for his answer and am pleased to see that the commission will cooperate with the committee on employment and social affairs now that we are dealing with the issue in an own-initiative report introduced in connection with the posting of workers directive . distacco
the fact is that it has become apparent – especially from the messages that have come from the commission concerning various signals pertaining to the vaxholm case – that the posting of workers directive is not nearly so crystal clear as might be wished . distacco
the intention , of course , is that posted workers should be allowed to work under roughly the same conditions as people in the country to which they have been posted . distaccati
in other words , the directive was intended from the outset to provide protection to posted workers at a level that is appropriate for the given member state . distaccati
i am happy to say that it is not the only consideration , because lots of us use the post and would like it to be delivered each day rather than just once a week . posta
but there is also uncertainty in terms of the actual post offices that will be distributed throughout rural ireland as well as rural europe . postali
can the commissioner comment on what the commission is thinking in relation to those services – other than the post – that are offered , and when a decision might be made by the commission so that there will be more clarity ? postale
it is , of course , a matter for member states to organise their arrangements regarding rural post offices as they see fit and in line with their own requirements . postali
i welcome the fact that parliament is actively preparing the ground for a balanced approach , that is to say , an approach that will apply the treaty provisions on trade in services while , at the same time , ensuring compliance with working and employment conditions for posted workers and recognising the specific nature of services of general interest . distaccati
and to all those who came from eastern europe in the hope of getting money , i am sorry , but the cheque is not in the post ! posta
this temporary committee must carry out its mandate to collect and analyse any information that may prove relevant in discovering the truth behind reports , backed up by human rights watch , that appeared in the washington post . confermati
with that in mind , i should like to ask the commissioner how the brussels plans to post a delegation to minsk are coming along . insediare
i would ask the commissioner if this attitude from minsk might hinder the european delegation being posted to the belarusian capital . bielorussa
for example , by far the majority of research posts in europe are at present temporary and , if we do not remedy that state of affairs soon , public research will end up taking second place behind private research . incarichi
thirdly , in this context we should mention the agreement concerning the north european gas pipeline , in the construction of which the former german chancellor has obtained a post , giving rise to concerns about political corruption . nordeuropeo
the experience of the nordic states shows that the highest living standards and quality of life can be achieved in those countries where women are by no means less successful than men in occupying the highest political posts . incarichi
postal services affect all of us : in every one of our electoral districts there are many postal customers , many post offices and sorting offices , in some cases run by several postal service providers . postali
post has to keep up with developments elsewhere , not least the switch from consumer-to-consumer business to business and consumer , but also as regards the single market . NULL
these amendments , as part of the liberalisation of postal services and the completion of the internal market in postal services in 2009 , as referred to in the report , objectively give private post offices the facility to wrest the lion 's share of the postal market from public post offices , with painful consequences for users and workers in general . postali
the british post office is now 371 years old , and it was the british in 1840 who brought out the first postage stamp , bearing the head of queen victoria . stati
the local post office in rural communities is a vital economic , social and cultural institution and the rights of rural dwellers to postal services cannot be ignored when framing liberalisation plans for those services in the eu . postale
at the same time , however , the post should not remain simply an industry for the maintenance of the universal service . posta
the commission has not adopted a position on modifications to rules governing how often post is to be distributed ( see oral question h-1135 / 05 ) . posta
the local services provided by the post office in each member state play a considerable social role that we must not dispense with . poste
the struggle of the workers in the sector , and that of the people – i refer in particular to the numerous demonstrations against post office closures and in favour of ensuring postal delivery – has succeeded in delaying and in some cases actually blocking this process , in some of its most detrimental aspects . postali
that is not something for which the eu ’ s 2002 post directive can be blamed , for it prescribed no such sanctions at national level . postale
for having contested this law during a political press conference , i myself have lost , at least temporarily , my post at the university of lyon . cattedra
if they are to get one , the services directive will have to be neutral in terms of labour law ; there will also have to be clear and unambiguous rules to ensure that the directive on the posting of workers is not compromised , not least as regards the options for monitoring . distacco
if parliament votes to delete articles 24 and 25 of the proposal concerning the posting of workers , then the commission will produce guidance to address any undue administrative burdens which may hinder the opportunities for enterprises to avail of the posted workers directive . distacco
if they are in any doubt , mr schulz and mr rasmussen should read the 1996 directive on the posting of workers . distacco
another example : it has been said that the provisions on the posting of workers now included in the draft directive make it possible to ensure that employees in other member states stick to the maximum working time . distacco
i also hope that the house will refuse to remove the provisions banning illegal barriers for workers posted abroad to provide services . distaccati
the posting of workers directive , in particular , is of course a sensitive issue in this respect . distacco
indeed , mr mccreevy , we will need to take measures in order to grant employers better access to information and counter bureaucratic measures , but commissioner , we will also need to take measures in order to ensure that the legislation on the posting of workers , which is in theory sound , is observed . distacco
that , mr bolkestein , no : that , mr mccreevy – it was a slip of the tongue , but perhaps it was right – means you must undermine the posted workers directive retrospectively ! distacco
the council secretariat is currently taking steps to also post on the council ’ s website the outcomes of council votes on legislative proposals accepted under the codecision procedure , where the public will be able to view them . inserire
the posting directive continues to give low-wage countries the right to undermine our own wages and the danish model of collective bargaining . NULL
being from a border region myself , i am aware that we must prevent administrative obstacles from hampering the posting of workers , or preventing it altogether . distacco
everything hinges on the monitoring procedures that will be put in place : monitoring the posting of workers , monitoring self-employed sole traders … as for the former , we are not only examining social security and taxes , we could also stipulate that minimum wages be specified on the forms used . distacco
i want helpfully to say to those countries that it is not by rejecting the compromise and thus , in the long run , the services directive or by bringing into question the posting of workers directive that they will overcome this discrimination – quite the opposite . distacco
that is why we needed the three major exceptions : the posting of workers directive , the temporary workers directive , which must remain an exception for as long as the council keeps the european directive on ice , and in particular the professional qualifications directive , adopted by all of us here in this house . distacco
my final point is a recommendation : my modest recommendation is to approve the compromise on article 16 as it stands between the pse and the ppe-de groups , as long as we get three things into the directive : firstly , health services ; secondly , temporary working agencies ; thirdly , posting of workers . distacco
despite some important advances such as the preservation of the posting of workers directive and the exclusion of health care and services of general interest , i regret that sgeis and social services are still not excluded . distacco
as in this compromise , i naturally wish to highlight the importance of not interfering with the directive on the posting of workers . distacco
the posting directive has priority , which means that the construction sector and other sensitive sectors in the member states can be protected , and minimum wages can be maintained . distacco
the bottom line is that the rules of the country of destination relating to the posting of workers have never been the subject of dispute . distacco
we shall make efforts to have private health care added to the directive , to have the posting directive made clearly and unambiguously open to all and to prevent any discrimination against the people of any country . distacco
it is therefore important to vote for a strong services directive which includes the country of origin principle , at least in the variant voted for by the european parliament ’ s committee on internal market and consumer protection , maintaining those articles of the directive that lay down the rights of service providers regarding the posting of workers to a country where services are being provided , and also restricting the list of exceptions . distacco
turning to the substance of today ’ s debate and the posting of workers , i have much sympathy for those who are concerned about what they see as unnecessary administrative burdens placed on workers who are posted to another member state . distacco
in other words , the posting of workers directive must be strengthened , and it is your prerogative to do that . distacco
the drivers must have a goal to aim for ; they must know where the finishing post lies . traguardo
i believe it is ironic and tragic that the two countries who talk most about encouraging democracy in the middle east – the united kingdom and the united states – should be the very countries who left their posts in jericho yesterday . gerico
we have half a diabetic nurse post to cater for 250 people , when there should be one for 50 people in order to be effective . posto
the latest report of the us state department on human rights practices of 8 march 2006 also mentions a failure to comply with the decision of the austrian constitutional court , which has been demanding for years that bilingual regional signs be posted in german and slovene in the southern part of the austrian province of carinthia , which is home to a slovene minority . bilingui
on the very same day , however , jörg haider , governor of carinthia , instigated proceedings against district governor august muri for ‘ abusing his public office ’ by finally issuing an order for bilingual signs to be posted in bleiburg / pliberk . affissione
the commission is at the same time backing calls for the member states to apply the community ’ s legal regulations scrupulously , especially in the area of posted workers . distacco
what that means , for the german government for example , is that it must , without further ado , extend the posting of workers directive to all vulnerable areas , for we know that , in germany and austria , the transitional periods for the services sector are dependent on those applicable to freedom of movement . distacco
if , then , it proves impossible to enact accompanying measures to protect workers , such as , for example , a substantially improved posting of workers directive along with the machinery to monitor and implement it , the only result will be even greater pressure on the labour markets in germany and austria . distacco
the amendments adopted by the committee on employment and social affairs go down this route , in order to ensure that employment law is applied in the member states , specifically to ensure that community standards are implemented , in particular those in the posting of workers directive , and in order to look into the creation of a european centre to coordinate the inspection services of the member states . distacco
the next item is the commission communication on the amended proposal for a directive on services in the internal market and communication on directive 96 / 71 / ec ( posting of workers in the framework of the provision of services ) . distacco
however , as i said during the debate in february , the commission would come forward with a communication to address the issues surrounding the posting of workers , which articles 24 and 25 were designed to address . distacco
the communication also includes proposals aimed at helping the member states to improve the practical implementation of administrative cooperation , access to information and supervising adherence to the directive on the posting of workers . distacco
the commission announced this communication last february following voting on the services directive in the european parliament , stating at the time that any annulment of articles 24 and 25 , which contain provisions on administrative obstacles to the posting of workers , would be decided on the basis of majority voting . distacco
the removal of these articles should not , however , be interpreted by member states as meaning that they can introduce or retain excessive administrative obstacles against companies that are posting workers across national boundaries . distaccano
the cross-border posting of workers is regulated under directive 96 / 71 / ec , the aim of which is to harmonise , on the one hand , the right of companies to provide cross-border services , and on the other hand the rights of workers temporarily posted to another state in order to provide services . distacco
it is not considered reasonable that the duty to make a preliminary systematic declaration should be applied only on the grounds that a posted service is involved ; the duty to retain documents is , of course , acknowledged , but this should apply only to documents that are absolutely necessary and which enable the authorities in the member state to carry out effective support and control activities . distaccati
i regard as fairly important the suggestion that it is right for member states to include in the information they provide details of the responsibilities that firms posting workers must fulfil , and not just general references to the employment law or legal system that applies in the member state in question . distaccano
ladies and gentlemen , i firmly believe that the posting of workers directive – provided it is applied correctly – constitutes an adequate and robust instrument for ensuring , on the one hand , the prevention of social dumping , and on the other hand , the free provision of services . distacco
the directive has no impact on labour law whatsoever , and commissioner špidla explained the promised guidelines that pertain to the application of the posting of workers directive a moment ago . distacco
i am also glad that , contrary to what had formerly been feared , the services directive will be treated as secondary to the sectoral directives , something that this house saw as important , particularly in relation to the posting of workers directive . distacco
i refer in particular to article 24 and article 25 , which were intended to eliminate the barriers currently encountered by posted workers . distaccati
to all intents and purposes , the document it has prepared on posting workers is simply a description of the barriers now in place . distacco
it does not contain proposals for sanctions of any kind against countries blocking posted workers . distacco
in conclusion , i would like to thank commissioner špidla very much , because we asked for a statement on the posting of workers directive as part of the compromise for removing articles 24 and 25 of the proposal , and he has given us that . distacco
i am delighted , though , that the commission has adopted parliament ’ s social clauses with regard to respecting labour and social security legislation and the collective bargaining agreements and also , commissioner , that the services directive gives priority to the posting of workers directive and respects this fully . distacco
i have to tell commissioner špidla , though , that i am not entirely happy with the content of the communication on the posting of workers , and so i would insist on this communication being presented to the social partners and parliament for consultation . distacco
for example , the opinion that the appointment of a representative among posted workers should be sufficient is tantamount to denying the scandinavian countries their negotiation tradition . distaccati
it is vital that companies and employees should be better informed than they have been to date about the conditions of employment in relation to the posting of workers and that liaison offices become more effective . distacco
– mr president , i am glad that it has dawned on the commission that the posting of workers directive is indispensable as a means of protecting workers in the european services market . distacco
the posting of workers directive establishes the principle of ‘ equal pay for equal work in the same place ’ , yet i have to tell commissioner špidla that i do wonder how , in view of the criminal energy expended on circumventing this principle in practice , one local foreman or one registration on the day work begins is meant to be enough to ensure that the member states can keep tabs on what is going on . NULL
the posting of workers directive must continue to have the protection of workers as its primary purpose . dei
that means , therefore that it is important for new policy guidelines to be drafted , also for the workers who are posted . distaccati
i am asking you , because mrs schröder is writing a report on the posting of workers directive and you already have an assessment of the same directive at your disposal . distacco
mr president , commissioners , in parliament we have held hearings concerning the posting of workers directive , and these have shown that there is nothing wrong with the directive itself , even if it is complicated . distacco
i am looking forward to the commission taking initiatives in this area and ensuring that the posting of workers directive operates better in the future . distacco
mr president , thank you for presenting the guidelines on the posting of workers . distacco
the posted workers directive should protect workers who have been posted , securing for them the appropriate rights while preventing social dumping , protecting them from exploitation and saving them from being forced into accepting unreasonable social standards and thereby competing unfairly against workers in the host country . distaccati
i am also pleased that the country-of-origin principle has been removed and that the new document on the posting of workers has been drawn up . distacco
in parallel , we presented the communication providing clear guidance on the application of community rules on the posting of workers . distacco
the services directive and the financial perspective are coming up to the finishing post , the presidency ’ s record for the first half of its term is a good one , and there are plenty of winners , including smes , young people , the trans-european network projects , and much else besides . dirittura
it is quite plain to me , when i see how , in germany today , it still takes between seven and eight weeks to set a business up , because people are sent from pillar to post , that it is on the ground that things have to happen . pilato
that agreement led to the opening of the rafah border post – where the union plays a role , as i have said – and other mechanisms for transit between israel and the occupied territories . rafah
many countries are saving on public spending , and consequently important posts are lacking in the health and social services sector , too – either lying vacant or not being created in the first place . funzioni
yesterday , it became known that mr pronk , the un ’ s special envoy in darfur , is resigning from his post . incarico
forms of cooperation should be found that will not result in a multitude of costly new posts in eu representations that are constantly being expanded . posti
mr president , commissioner , on the motorway between istanbul and sofia , there is a border post or toll-gate called kapitan andreevo . andreevo
on eu governance and human and financial resources for 2007 , i should like to point out that we have already requested 610 new posts in relation to the last enlargement , and 230 to prepare for the accession of romania and bulgaria . posti
i am therefore going to propose to you , mr verhofstadt – and you can do this , because you are the prime minister of your country – that one day you carry out the following test , in order to demonstrate what life would be like for the citizens if europe did not exist ; you could , for example , on 29 may or 1 june , install border posts between your country and france and between your country and the netherlands , and at those posts you could put customs officers who could ask the french or posti
bearing in mind the existing budgetary constraints , we are not as yet convinced that the request for an additional 74 posts is justified , especially at a time when we are advocating spending consolidation . posti
yet again , the report shows that the budget is to be raised by another 4.2 % and that another 250 new posts are to be established . 2
it is a fact that women find it difficult to obtain research posts , simply because they are women . posti
the cooperation between the centre and the european parliament , and the increased influence of parliament , for example in developing a work plan for the centre , filling the post of director and assessing the work of the centre is in my view one further step towards the democratisation of european institutions and towards closer monitoring of the work of the european centre in the future . carica
. a regulation is being proposed to us that is designed to strengthen the european monitoring centre for drugs and drug addiction , to sort out its administrative and communication problems and to create new posts for officials . posti
to have their post distributed efficiently and within a reasonable period of time is an important right for all eu citizens , especially for those who live in sparsely populated areas or outside cities and population centres . posta
we must also acknowledge and welcome as very positive the timorese authorities ’ decision to ask for an international committee to carry out an investigation into the violent events of 5 may , when a group of hundreds of soldiers who had resigned from their posts clashed with others who were still in the army . congedati
putting up 158 sign posts in carinthia is a first step , a small obligation based on a supreme court verdict and the terms of the 1955 treaty . toponomastici
i shall say a few words about the subject of sign posts , just to put everyone in the picture . toponomastici
in this inquiry we have heard from victims sent from pillar to post . sospinte
in the meantime , we have adopted a new communication concerning guidance on the posting of workers in the framework of the provision of services . distacco
would the commissioner agree that at this time , when migration throughout the european union is increasing , implementation of the posting of workers directive is crucial in order to ensure that there is no race to the bottom and that migrant workers are not exploited by unscrupulous employers ? distacco
that is unfortunately what is happening in ireland at the moment , as a result of the failure of the irish government to properly implement this posting of workers directive . distacco
madam president , honourable member , i certainly share your opinion that full and firm application of the directive on the posting of workers is essential . distacchi
i too am totally convinced that inconvenience to workers who are posted and transferred must be completely and fully avoided . distaccato
ukip opposed the creation , and does not recognise the authority , of these posts . we welcome amendment 13 , therefore , insofar as it acknowledges some limitation of their powers . figure
yet , the members of the european parliament present did note the late publication of the voter rolls , the failure in many , if not most , cases for the candidate details to be posted outside the polling stations and the apparent sharp inequalities between the financial means available to different candidates and parties , together with legitimate questions as to how their money was raised . affissione
mr lewandowski has mentioned that in the 2007 budget the new member states have been given 800 posts , but the eur 56 million for salaries has been reduced . posti
the council ’ s plan would lead to the disappearance of 1700 posts at the commission , starting with 170 posts in 2007 . posti
if you read the president of liberia ’ s biography , you will see how often she has resigned from her posts because she disagreed with the ways governments were tackling the problem of corruption in her country . incarichi
the second part of the proposal consists of reducing posts for the seven-year period . personale
secondly , the commission would have to delete 500 additional posts , justified by the council by the concentration of programmes and new managerial approaches . posti
can the commission freely move posts from one directorate-general to another ? personale
– commissioner , what measures are intended for taking due account of the new eu member states when allocating commission staff posts , and for doing so without increasing administrative expenditure ? posti
each year we have been receiving these posts , together with payments for the salaries . posti
this year we have again been offered 801 posts by the council , without any addition for the salaries . posti
we are not magicians and we cannot magically pay for 800 posts from nowhere . prestigiatori
the agency should be required to consult with the european parliament as regards its multi-annual frameworks and candidates for the post of its director . funzione
brian simpson 's excellent report recognizes that postal services are , and must be , a vital , regulated part of the european single market and that national post offices should provide high quality postal services to promote easy postal communication for consumers and for businesses . postali
in order for this universal service to be provided , it is necessary to reserve enough of the profitable postal services of the post office so that the post offices can also finance their unprofitable services . postali
the public post offices can make a profit and this is advantageous to the taxpayer but their prime aim is to perform this vital public service of postal communication universally for everyone , wherever they live , at an affordable price . postali
my constituents , who are all consumers , and the rest of the british people have rejected the conservative government 's plans to privatize the post office . poste
fourthly , we want a fair distribution of charges for cross-border post , a very important point that has already been made . posta
our group is therefore firmly opposed to the commission 's proposal for a directive and supports most of the amendments of the committee on transport and tourism , while expressing the view that the national post offices should be able to continue to set weight and price limits above those indicated in the directive . poste
when i speak to users of the postal service in my country they all agree that the post office workers work hard , but i do not think anyone could pretend that the post is quick , prompt , efficient or good value and i think users of the postal services feel the same in many countries . postali
they are not successful because the postal service is so successful ; they are successful because the post is too slow , and that has to be said quite plainly ! posta
mr ferber has already spoken of the five days it takes for post from augsburg to reach brussels . augusta
madam president , many political decisions are a long time in coming and that is certainly true for the post dossier which we have been asking for under the rapporteur 's lead for years , but at the other end there was much activity but little perceptible movement . postali
good and efficient post and telecommunication services are of primary importance for the european union . postali
i would like to see maintenance of the universal service which is especially important to the delivery of post in remote rural areas . posta
it is true that post offices have been closed . postali
i will not vote for any amendment which would result in any diminishing of the universal service currently provided in my own country where the post office is an efficient public company which is working well . posta
fifthly , if an post is forced to give access to its network to private sector courier firms , a large multinational with europeanwide infrastructure could do serious damage to an post which would only be a fraction of its size . post
the post is a social service which should be available to everyone on equal terms at the same cost throughout the land . postale
the main task of the post office , and hence the mail industry , is to serve the public by moving mail at the lowest possible prices and to the best possible standard of service . poste
the main tasks of the post office should be regulated by law . poste
the citizen has an incontestable right to post and to adequate provision of service . posta
by an irrational reasoning , the demonizing of the defenders of national preference - or of national exclusion - would have us declare the 15 governments of the union to be outside the law as in their national constitutions they reserve for nationals the right to exercise certain essential political rights : the right to vote , to stand for election , and access to ministerial posts . funzioni
the post of european ombudsman is one of the most valuable and least controversial fruits of the treaty of maastricht . carica
since national posts of ombudsman originated in scandinavia , we are particularly fortunate in having not just an experienced postholder in mr söderman but an ombudsman who brings all the accumulated experience of finland to the exercise of such a role . NULL
i believe that the account it provides , together with the actions initiated by the ombudsman and the presence and influence that he has brought to bear since the post was introduced , vindicate and re-endorse the confidence shown by the european parliament and give the best possible guarantee of the institution 's future . riposto
mr president , the life of carmelo soria , a spanish national and an official of the united nations removed from his post in chile , came to an end on 14 july 1976 . dislocato
unfortunately , mr söderman has already accepted this function in his opening statement on taking up his post in september 1995 . insediamento
nor is the number of officials already working in this field clarified ; two additional posts are being requested and two national experts . centri
these two questions of the advisory committee and the establishment plan posts both need to be examined during the annual budget procedure . centri
the penalty of a statutory right to interest is where europe can score right between the posts and bring succour and soccer to europe 's level playing-field for its sme entrepreneurs . centrando
mr president , i should like to take this opportunity to wish the president-in-office of the council , mr spring , every success in the course of the irish presidency agus go n 'eirí an bóthar leat sa post atá romhat amach anseo . post
we have seen that where services are privatized , for example in the united kingdom and the netherlands , it is possible to make the post office profitable too and to provide the whole population with a good service . poste
but those working in general and the capacity of those out of work to get a sustainable job are in part tied up with this question because telecoms , energy , transport , and post are all essential cost structures within the private sector , for which the traded public service sector is critically important in efficiency terms . postale
posting of workers distacco
the next item is the recommendation for second reading ( a4-0265 / 96 ) on behalf of the committee on social affairs and employment , on the common position established by the council with a view to the adoption of a european parliament and council directive on the posting of workers carried out in the framework of the provision of services ( c4-0327 / 96-94 / 0346 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteur : mr peter ) . distacco
this proposal on the posting of workers is a very significant proposal indeed , in its own way as important as the earlier directive on works councils . distacco
not all these problems will be solved by the posting of workers directive but it will give us a framework within which people can be protected and can exercise these freedoms : the freedom of movement and the freedom to provide services . distacco
the posting of workers directive is a fundamental aspect of the single market 's social dimension , and is vital for preventing a competition war based solely on wage dumping . distacco
secondly , there is the urgent matter of informing foreign posted workers about their rights ; the member states will have to do something here . dipendenti
ultimately , the only issue at stake here is to re-establish the legal and civil - or occupational - status of posted work , which is currently being attacked and undermined from all sides . domicilio
for example , in point 1 of the explanatory statement , it is said that : ' if the period for which a worker is posted does not exceed one month , the member states may , after consulting employers and employees and in accordance with their usual procedures and practices , opt not to apply the provisions on minimum rates of pay . ' distacco
when the ftf in denmark - the union of officials and civil servants - also declares in this context that it sees the right to take industrial action as being threatened by this directive on the posting of workers , we must entirely agree with them . distacco
it is absolutely essential to regulate in particular the general financial conditions governing the posting of workers carried out in the framework of the provision of services in another member state , so as to prevent wage dumping , which has already started to occur in the community . distacco
it is important for member states to have such discretion , because the posting of workers from high-wage countries to low-wage countries , especially on short assignments , does not require any additional red tape ; but in the reverse situation , when workers from low-wage countries are posted to high-wage countries , immediate application of the directive will protect local service-providers and shield businesses from distortions of competition . distacco
we need to recognize , however , that this posting directive is only one step forward in the campaign against distortions of competition and to increase the competitiveness of firms , and hence job security . distacco
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the directive on the posting of workers carried out in the framework of the provision of services is one that is urgently needed . distacco
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this proposal for a directive - which has , incidentally , been rejected in the council by the uk and portugal - is based on the twin assumptions that the construction industry in the so-called high-wage countries is in need of protection , and that the posting there of workers from so-called low-wage countries constitutes wage and social dumping , which results in unfair competition . distacco
the response of this proposed posting directive is to render the legal posting of workers from low-wage countries in high-wage countries uneconomic , by increasing rates of pay . distacco
restricting legal posting in this way would therefore not make the slightest contribution to combatting the main evil , namely illegal employment . distacco
the adoption of contractual or national minimum rates of pay not only serves to eliminate the wage-cost benefits of posting workers from low-wage countries in high-wage countries ; more significantly , it also becomes impossible , or at least much more difficult , for posted workers to find employment in host countries which have higher wage levels . distacco
this right of free movement is a cornerstone of the completion of the internal market , and it applies even to posted workers working in another country under the terms of employment of their home country . distaccati
this right would in practice become virtually impossible to exercise if the proposed posting directive came into effect . gravemente
in an open economy , however , vacant posts are immediately occupied . posti
for the first time for a long while social europe is making positive headlines again with the directive on the posting of workers . distacco
in view of the many risks of social dumping , especially in the building industry , as a result of the temporary posting of workers from eu and third countries , it has become increasingly obvious that free competition in the single market and the policy of openness towards third countries must be flanked by social measures if the entire social system is not soon to collapse . distacco
this directive on the posting of workers , once applied , not only represents real progress for workers but also progress for the single market which clearly and specifically prescribes cross-frontier social absorption in addition to the freedom of entrepreneurs . distacco
it was not easy to reach an acceptable compromise on the question of the posting of workers . distacco
it is indeed unacceptable for national social legislation ( e.g. on minimum wages , social insurance contributions , labour law ) to be undermined by the posting of temporary workers from eu states or third countries and for undertakings that respect the legal requirements to be ousted by providers of services that ignore these requirements . distacco
the text before us now makes it possible to prevent this social dumping from the first day of posting . distacco
the council has not agreed to any new posts , except for the commission , and in a very restricted sense for the court of auditors and the economic and social committee and the committee of the regions ' common structure , and then only for requirements arising from enlargement . personale
secondly , because i appreciate enormously what the commission is doing in terms of reform of the administration , could the commissioner say what has been done about the transfer of appropriations in respect of posts ? 300 people are concerned but if i have understood correctly very little has been happening . assunzioni
this situation , mr president , overturns decisions taken by the budgetary authority since the increase to the ' auxiliaries ' line is at the cost of credits earmarked for posts already authorized in the establishment plans . impieghi
an ad hoc policy is being developed which affects the genuine management and programming policy for posts authorized in the establishment plans of the institution . impieghi
that is why i think it is so important for quotas to be introduced for the most senior posts , positive quotas , that can be used as a kind of crutch until women are treated equally . stampelle
i am also pleased to be able to announce that the socialist group has launched an offensive and even although we already have 20 % women in a grade posts we continue to work towards equality . insisteremo
mr president , 44 % of working women , and in some member states even more than half , are employed in the civil service , but when it comes to senior posts and fairly responsible jobs they remain under-represented , in spite of having excellent vocational qualifications and exam results .  
verona , luxembourg and florence were additional staging posts , at which discussion focused mainly on budgetary discipline and future relations between the member states inside the euro area and those outside it , within the framework of a possible new ems ii . tappe
in the commission 's view it does not seem appropriate to mention within its task a specific category without making reference to others such as pensioners and posted workers and students and in the circumstances the commission would not be disposed to follow the rapporteur 's amendment to the point . distaccati
but we cannot help noticing that it has reached this house very late and post facto , that is the same day that the taps have been turned on again for a limited oil flow from iraq in exchange for food and medicines . post
it is against that background , commissioner , that i put my question , because i learn that the european union 's chief negotiator in the south african trade talks is shortly to be leaving his post . posto
there is a difference between post and telecommunications in this respect , and we called for a universal service to be safeguarded through the creation of a reserved sector . posta
but i think that when six complaints have been made and the court has already found against la poste in france for unfair competition , it is absolutely wrong to say that the commission is not obliged and entitled to carry out its responsibilities under the treaty . condannate
private insurers have complained to the commission about the fact that la poste has entered the insurance market , a sector liberalised ages ago , using a certain number of privileges which , obviously , the authorities granted to la poste . lamentati
electricity , post , telecommunications : the december part-session is certainly loaded with issues about which public opinion is very sensitive . poste
parliament has given its opinion on several occasions , upon which it has sought to show the difference between the public utility and others , in particular the social and economic impact that post offices have in peripheral , rural , suburban or urban areas . postali
we hope and expect that , in carrying out that duty , you will feel fulfilled and gratified in the post you have taken on . incarico
i also promise my support for cleaning up the allowances and travel expenses and for creating democracy and fairness within parliament itself , including a much-needed reform of the d 'hondt system , so that the two large groups - the ppe and pse groups - can have exactly the quota of chairman and vicechairman posts corresponding to their membership , and so that the quota of posts to which the small groups together are entitled are actually given to the small groups , which can then distribute this amongst themselves . unitariamente
today , the fact is that we would have to leave it to the drawing of lots by the notary public for all members to have the same chance of being elected to your post . carica
we set out with a view that we maintain these candidacies for the remaining posts . mantenute
the prime example is that the key government and economic posts are occupied by president aliev 's confidants . alijev
for instance , you said that the commission 's services are being reorganized , staff are being reallocated , and there will be changes in posts . redistribuito
my next obvious question to mr. kinnock is whether it is totally out of the question to include this extremely important line ex post facto in the transeuropean railway network . sommamente
officials who demonstrate incompetence cannot simply be allowed to continue in their posts . posto
three : the dubious activities of non-regulated financial intermediaries , often operating by post or telephone , cast a shadow over the whole sector . gettano
we hope that we shall not see a repetition of the post dossier where france , germany and the southern member states apparently want to see liberalisation postponed until 2003 . postali
but does the commission not realise that the longer one waits the sorrier the state of the post sector and the telecommunications industry in europe will become . poste
either that or the commission is running the risk of a parliamentary inquiry in the future into they way it is dealing with the telecommunications and post sector . poste
i should like to mention , once again , the wto conference in geneva in november 1995 , at which , as far as new systems of frequency distribution and occupation were concerned , the americans pipped the europeans at the post . frequenze
it would have been desirable , for the honour of the commission , for mr fischler to resign from his post . dimesso
today there are up to 18 million operations per year at some 3000 customs posts in more than 20 countries . sedi
under human resources it specifically underlines the need for each appointing authority to justify each proposed upgrading of post so that we do not just get global proposals , but a justification relating to them . rivalutazioni
this timid approach to things , saying that as from march we do not intend to increase the community budget by a penny , do not intend to increase the staffing by a single post , while the other institutions are to acquire more powers by virtue of the amsterdam conference - the commission could have more powers , the union as such could acquire responsibility for new policies - this timidity which forces us to calculate , as though this were our priority , the number of annual leave cases where the place of origin is outside the european virgola
tibetan people were consulted in conditions allowing them to express themselves freely during the project design and appraisal phases and will also be in charge of the management of the project if it goes ahead when finalized , as long , of course , as they qualify for the different management and engineering posts concerned . ultimato
i believe i have already answered this question by saying that it is certainly not , today , by kick-starting the economy , by carving out even greater public deficits , by increasing the number of jobs in public services , by increasing useless expenditure , by increasing the number of civil service posts , by increasing everything which is not productive , that the problem of unemployment will be sorted out , because if we followed your analysis , sir , it would mean that tomorrow it would be our children who would have to foot the bill for posti
in his former posts in his native country of austria , he did an excellent job in this area . incarichi
it is also very doubtful whether mr monsengwo will accept the post . monsengwo
it takes some time , after a petition is first received by post , for it to be summarized , checked in advance to see whether it is admissible or not , and then translated into eleven languages . posta
secondly , as regards the new countries , where we have recruited most officials during the last two years , half of the recruitment has been of young people for the a6 , a7 and a8 posts , but another half with staff who are older , up to the age of 60 in fact . a7
as a log is not kept on incoming post it will be impossible to request a document - no one knows which documents exist . protocollata
the cfsp is not going very well and the european parliament should try to influence to a greater extent its development rather than holding this kind of post mortem debate . posteriori
passing the hat round and trying to move things from pillar to post is not the model way of doing things . collette
i wish you the very best of luck , mrs péry , in your new post .  
so definitive decisions about the sector were taken mainly at a political level , while dangerous disregard was shown for the role and contribution of relevant international bodies such as the international telecommunications association and the european conference of post offices and telecommunications , in the development of telecommunications and the necessary international cooperation . poste
the commission had initially requested almost 160 posts in order to deal with the bse problem , a new community priority . NULL
we now have 35 new posts and have also linked this allocation to an internal restructuring , for the equal numbers of c and a posts suggest that something is rotten in the state of the community . posti
if , as we have now proposed , expenditure on grade-c posts is reduced by the amount required for an increase in the number of grade-a posts , that will effectively demonstrate that the lid has been firmly screwed down , and it will remain screwed down in 1999 too . posti
it will be necessary to undertake the new tasks that will be put before us here tomorrow , when the major report on agenda 2000 is presented , by reallocating tasks and reordering priorities , and hence also by redistributing personnel , and not simply by popping into the great european supermarket to pick up some new posts . posti
as regards the draft supplementary and amending budget no 1 for 1997 , may i be permitted , while saluting the excellent job done by the rapporteur , mr laurens brinkhorst , who has succeeded in putting the emphasis on such priorities as creating new posts at the commission , to express my group 's concern over the grant to the trademark office in alicante , the entire allocation of 12.5 million ecu of which has been put into reserve . posti
we consider it important that he should be here because he will be able to pass on the message that we are today seeking to send , particularly through this supplementary and amending budget , a message which i at least interpret in this way and which concerns the well-known question of the additional posts for dg xxiv . posti
in the vote that we shall be holding on thursday , it is our intention to unblock 35 posts but , above all , to request , seeking a specific result , that the commission do all in its powers - and i think it has plenty of scope for that - to allocate the posts requested by dg xxiv , by deploying internally the other human resources needed , as of 1 january 1998 . posti
in this respect the additional posts for the commission and the court of auditors are to be welcomed . deve
at the same time , however , we must proceed on the assumption that at least some of the necessary posts can be obtained by efficiency savings within the commission 's own administrative apparatus . posti
parliament too , in the budgets committee , will approve the decision to grant the commission 35 additional posts to assist with the reorganization of dg xxiv and to improve coordination with scientific committees and in the meantime , thirdly , to ensure sounder and more efficient management . posti
we can agree on 70 new posts to be created in dublin as a temporary measure and 35 posts are to remain in brussels until the vets and phytosanitary agency are properly set up . posti
mr president , the moral of this debate is : for heaven 's sake read your post carefully and reply to questionnaires carefully . posta
the need for the 35 posts in gd xxiv , for the co-ordination of the scientific committee 's work resulting from the bse crisis , has arisen as a result of a fundamentally misguided agricultural policy which has meant that animals have been treated the same as basic commodities . posti
by simply creating new posts there is a risk that eu bureaucracy will continue to proliferate . aggiungere
and what about the excessive cumbersomeness and slowness of the financial cycles , when we know that the french government budget serves as an administrative staging post and generally seems to be in no hurry to channel the funds towards the ultimate recipient , who is often left in a precarious situation as a result ? pesantezza
the parliament 's responsibility cannot end when the cheque has been posted and the money has been paid ; that is a long way from ensuring that europe 's cultural heritage is preserved . stacca
but we do want to try one thing : save what can still be saved for the european consumer who is entitled to a decent service , who is entitled to the letters that he has posted at the post office being delivered within a certain time . recapitare
the liberalization of direct mail and incoming cross-border post has not only been postponed but , what is more , the council and parliament will have to decide on them again in the year 2000 . mail
furthermore , the common position has no standard for the delivery of domestic post , so that a detrimental backlog still remains in various member states . posta
at a time when technological development is constantly making the alternatives to physical post more attractive , postal services remain inefficient monopolies . appetibili
the rights of member states to reserve collection , sorting , transport and delivery of mail for the post offices that provide the universal service , and the principle of the price of sending letters remaining affordable for all , will go a long way to defending the interests of the postal consumers and the postal workers . postali
if the decision which the european parliament took at first reading a little over a year ago had been the final position , then the countries which had carried out the necessary deregulation and so created alternatives to and competition for the old postal monopolies would presumably have been forced to re-regulate at least parts of the post office 's activities . postale
however , the restricted period of enforcement of these regulations and the refusal of the council to accept proposals concerning the protection of public post offices against uniform rates in a liberalized market of postal services causes intense anxiety not only about the fate of the public service , but also about the level of service provision in disadvantaged mountainous , island and farming regions , since here , of course , the interest of private businesses is non-existent , due to the lack of profit , while public organisations will soon not be in a position to provide these postali
furthermore , in large , sparsely-populated countries the post services must access all regions and all citizens on as equal a basis as possible . postale
the transportation of post as a business purely and simply also carries with it questions of responsibility , which have not been adequately discussed . corrispondenza
the present directive is an extremely small step on the way to an internal market for the post in which there is room for a modest market operation in the interests of the consumer . postale
the german post office , post ag , has as you know recently had to raise charges by 10 % , and that will be the pattern for others ; using a fax is not magic nowadays and a great many people are capable of doing that . poste
the least you can do to help the post to some degree is to accept these guidelines - but please do not take any pride in that . poste
rare indeed are the women who occupy decision-making posts . posizioni
in the fifteen member states , women do not even occupy one position of responsibility in five , and we can just about take heart at the fact that 25 % of decision-making posts are occupied by women in the commission . poltrone
they told me to say that french women simply do not care about the model referred to , about the danish post office or the swedish authorities , and that they reject this clumsy imperialism bent on changing the political culture , since their own political culture , rooted in three thousand years of graeco-roman and christian civilization is that of the great heroines of our people , from antigone to joan of arc and saint genevieve to mother theresa , and of the myriad talents in all the domains of the spirit , the arts and literature . posta
indeed , the majority of the post office ministers have been more favourable to the public service than the commission . poste
concerning the possible adoption of new measures against burma , the council has agreed to return to this question shortly and to examine it according to the results of ministerial meetings , asean ( regional forum post ministerial meeting ) and how the situation evolves . post
large companies can afford to employ all the experts that modern legislation requires : health and safety officers , fire officers , welfare officers - all those posts which large companies create to give employment to highly paid executives . posti
moreover , paragraph 6 in particular mentions that we should approve the attitudes currently observed with respect to a person who today holds an official post in the republika srpska and who for a long time , according to his own statements , worked closely with karadzic and mladic .  
i would like to thank him for his helpful and considerate cooperation and to wish him all the best for his new post . incarico
mr president , i too have a great deal of respect for the rapporteur and i wish him the best of luck in his future post , but i must admit , on behalf of my group , that i am in total disagreement with his report . incarichi
this report , and this has already been said several times , provides an excellent starting point for siegbert alber in his important new post as advocate-general to the european court of justice . funzione
in that post siegbert alber will , i am quite sure , contribute to ensuring that europe not only becomes a reality through the decisions of the european court of justice , but also that it is brought closer to its citizens . NULL
at the same time , however , i am also very pleased for him because i believe the post he is going to take up - that of advocate-general in the european union court of justice - is one of law 's most prestigious positions . incarico
the result has been inter alia a delay in the adoption of the supplementary post for dg xxiv - services for fighting bse . posto
a joint study was carried out into the institution 's needs , and the conclusion was that 48 posts were required . posti
mr president , as rapporteur for the fisheries budget , i have intervened on many occasions throughout the budgetary procedure in order to draw the attention of the general rapporteur to the fact that it is not possible to bring about - as had been envisaged - an across-the-board reduction on all the budgeted posts relating to fisheries without challenging the proper implementation of essential elements of the multiannual plan , which are the foundations of the common fisheries policy . costituitivi
finally , respecting at all times the principle of subsidiarity , we propose the cooperation of the commission and of the competent authorities in the member states to look into the harmonization of certain regulations on issues that are of common concern to the press across europe , such as the issue of vat on newspapers and periodicals and press distribution charges through the post office . stampe
i think it is a good thing we have commissioner kinnock in this post at this time . incarico
this paragraph calls on a judge at the european court of justice to resign his european post due to his earlier personal decision when he was minister for justice to permit the early release of marc diedres who is suspected of multiple child murders . precedentemenete
point 29 calls on mr wathelet , judge at the european court of justice , " to resign his post ' in order to " accept moral and political responsibility ' for " his personal decision , as the then belgian minister of justice , to permit the early release of marc diedres ' . carica
next , the government of that member state , which nominated him , could have relieved us of this painful debate by choosing a less controversial personality for the post . carica
a top european post apparently in order to be rid of the man , perhaps even a sign of contempt for the court of justice which is thus regarded as some kind of political recycling machine . incarico
i will not comment on whether that has to do with incompetence , corruption or the neglect of his duties by a well-known holder of several posts . cariche
the rapporteur is also pleased with the appearance of a real will to transfer the financial responsibilities to the beneficiary countries and argues for " a bold approach whereby more advanced phare countries be able as soon as possible ( 1999 at the latest ) fully to take over responsibility for their phare budgets ... subject to ... rigorous ex post financial control ' ! post
so the rapporteur is proposing , in the context of measures prior to the new accessions , that certain countries should assume full financial responsibility for entire sectors of their national programme , with ex post control applying instead of ex ante control . post
there are a lot of empty posts in the commission , and they are provided for in the budget . posti
it should especially be congratulated on its promotion of equality between men and women in community posts and on recognizing the importance of mainstreaming and active equal opportunity policies in all community actions . missioni
the post office should reach everyone everywhere . posta
and is odysseus also going to make this clear to the civil servants which member states are increasingly posting at the airports of the countries of origin of asylum seekers , as extended forward border posts of fortress europe ? stazionano
mr president , i would like to ask a question on the basis of article 22 , section 5 . can the bureau as soon as possible provide the necessary resources for employees in the post room , who are not able to do their work satisfactorily , and can the chauffeurs who have to sit in that terribly cold corner of the entrance hall in brussels be given better accommodation ? posta
mr president , despite the fact that in october , parliament agreed a common position on postal services with the council , the issue of post seems to refuse to go away and is yet again at the forefront of parliament 's deliberations . posta
these figures clearly show that some postal services attract the national mail of other countries , and thus organize unacceptable and unlawful redirections of traffic , the cause of which is the depositing of mail outside national borders prior to its posting . incanalano
private distributors , electronic mail and faxes are increasingly replacing the old , overworked post offices . postali
under pressure from , in particular , the german and the french postal services , the original directive for cross-border post , the so-called reims i agreement , was laid on the table , and a new agreement , reims ii , was negotiated . posta
contrary to the first reims agreement , tariffs for cross-border post will rise without there being a commensurate improvement in the provision of services . posta
on the question of initiating preparations for enlargement , we decided , where the commission is concerned , on a reserve of 20 " a ' posts as a political sign that entry negotiations should start in 1998 . lanciando
we in the commission came to the conclusion in the preparatory discussions that any age limit in the publication of a post would be very inappropriate , taking into account the spirit of the amsterdam treaty . vacante
however , when we publicize new posts they must go through the normal procedures with the joint committees . posti
but i would nonetheless like to point out , that while things continue the way they are , while the train stops for an extremely long time and very frequently , as result of long border procedures and constant closing of border posts , then rail transport in eastern europe , and beyond poland in the cis be disastrous . posti
this applies not only to the traditional post , but also to radiotelephony , the internet , etcetera . postale
but it does not have to operate a state airline , a state post and telephone company and a state railway company . postale
indeed , some postal administrations apply duty to the distribution of post originating in another member state at a level which does not cover the costs of distribution . posta
the bundespost did not think this was enough , and has thought up a new system with la poste française on the payment of 85 % without the quality criterium ; in other words , sponsoring inefficiency . aise
have the difficulties concerning the eu administration of mostar , the european electoral unit for the palestinian elections , and management of budget appropriations of the post of high representative for bosnia led to nothing ? bosniaerzegovina
last year a third of senior management posts in dg ib , dealing with asia and latin america , remained vacant ; 40 % of staff in dg i , ia and ib are on short-term contracts , whilst a large number of core tasks are carried out by external consultants . NULL
mr kaklamanis has referred to the different topics which are being taken up in this matter , since here we are dealing with the structural funds and agriculture , and he has referred to the liberalization of the post offices and rail networks . poste
at present the first-weight rate charge is the same for domestic and eu post . scaglione
i would add that applying a tariff distinction based on costs between national and intra-community post or , possibly , between post to different member states , does not constitute an infringement of article 6 of the treaty , as such a distinction is not based on nationality but rather on the criterion of the actual cost the provision of different services entails . invii
the deadline for tabling candidacies for the vacant post of vice-president is 6.00 p.m. today . vacante
i would also like to draw attention to doctor numbers : in the eu there is currently an excess of doctors , an enormous flood , often holding university posts rather than dealing with the needs of patients . cattedre
the head of the slovak government is also criticized for having undertaken a significant diplomatic shake up , but no-one has mentioned that the nomination of ambassadors is normally the role of any government and that the difficult " cohabitation ' between prime minister meciar and president kovac had blocked all ambassadorial nominations for two years , with the exception of a few posts such as paris . kovar
problems have been found at the following sites : livestock markets of national importance , border inspection posts , ports where animals are transferred from lorries to vessels , slaughterhouses and so on . posti
commissioner , make a true gesture of goodwill with regard to parliament : accept the appointment of such a post , whose role will be to enable europe to put to really good use the financial means so unanimously voted for on 20 june 1996 . ricostruzione
i note and welcome in paragraph 5 the view that no new post ought to be created in 1999 , and i hope that , as we progress into the budgetary procedure , the caveat expressed there is one that can be dropped . posto
they have all been carried out with vested interests and therefore i think it is appropriate at this time that we have the true picture , the clear picture of what will happen post duty-free . dopo
our citizens , who have no time at all for the tactical power games in the wrangle for the post of the ecb presidency , are relying on this . figura
a number of issues have been improved by this report , in particular with regard to the definition of posting , i believe good proposals have been made . distaccamento
we believe it is important to ensure receipt of benefits in the country of residence and to provide for special arrangements for those workers posted abroad . trasferitisi
to a certain extent , it is very important to revitalize and stop the inequality of industrial growth in the sector in question , because some industries are adapting to the economic changes quickly while others remain frustrated at the starting post . palo
this obvious abuse of the right of veto , this blackmail , which still exists today , should no longer be tolerated when it comes to appointing those holding important posts . funzioni
customs posts on our western seaboard , such as casteltownbere in cork , have been abolished just as we need increased vigilance concerning the trafficking of all kinds of illegal drugs . casteltownbere
thus wim duisenberg has the very best credentials for the post of first president of the european central bank . he will bring his whole life experience to the job . carica
( the president cut off the speaker ) ... this supreme post was surrendered to a mr duisenberg , who despises us and is not even present ... sancta
we oppose the emu project per se ; all previous projects with common standards of value and / or fixed exchange rates have collapsed.-sweden is not involved in emu , and we therefore have no reason to consider the appointments of persons to posts within the ecb . nomine
the threat posed to our children by obscene images and the like being posted on the internet is one that is now widely recognized . oscene
the recent publication of the commission 's proposals for eu educational programmes post 2000 has provided a useful basis for discussion . successivo
we have appointed a president of the european central bank , we have extended the troika , consolidating the commission a bit , but then we have a mr or mrs cfsp which , at the moment , is an invisible post . nominato
the proposal by the ombudsman for six interim posts is modest when we consider the quality of the work done by the institution and the vast area their work covers , as well as the incredibly short period of time they have had to develop . posti
in his report mr viola suggests establishing three new posts to ease the work pressures on the ombudsman 's office . posti
mr president , i would like to point out that it is , of course , the right of any member to present his candidacy for the post of vice president . vicepresidenza
all the japanese standards we know about at the moment , and the reactions from the miti ministry and the ministry of post and telecommunications , indicate that japan is likely to adopt the standards chosen either by us or by the etsi . poste
also , like traditional forms of telecommunication such as the telephone or even the post , it can be used for criminal activities . posta
mr president , allow me to congratulate you on your election to this very important post . incarico
but , in both community and national law there are still a great number of hindrances , great heaps of administrative obstacles that bring misery , especially to retired persons , people with temporary contracts and those being posted abroad . distaccati
in this context , i also welcome mrs weiler 's supplementary proposals because she believes , quite positively , that bureaucracy should be eliminated , social rights must not fall by the wayside , citizens should be informed , mutual recognition of training is necessary , and a social insurance card should be introduced , perhaps to prevent , too , the abuse of a directive on posted workers . distaccati
i call on the commission , notwithstanding the provisions of the amsterdam treaty , to submit without delay proposals for the abolition of visa requirements applicable to third-country nationals moving within the union , provided that they are members of the families of migrant workers or posted workers . distaccati
mr president , there are two reasons why the post of european ombudsman is important . incarico
in addition , there must be regulation to ensure equality of treatment for transient workers and the preservation of their rights if they are posted to another state in respect of their supplementary pension rights and career breaks . spostino
relatives who are the heirs of the murdered victims have been denied compensation for the absurd reason that the nazi barbarians did not issue death certificates and post them to those jews who managed to escape the gas chambers and the pits of death which the nazis planned as the fate for all the jewish people . inviati
he held various posts in the party before becoming deputy leader in 1992 . cariche
i assume it must be relatively straightforward for the committee on budgetary control to determine the cost of an organization with 300 posts . posti
we decided against creating any new posts , apart from those needed in connection with the last enlargement or the implementation of the amsterdam treaty . posti
as regards staff , the council has accepted the creation of new posts only if they are connected with enlargement and the implementation of the treaty of amsterdam , and has rejected the conversions or upgradings requested by the other institutions . posti
in more detail , the first reading provides for the creation of 109 posts and only 10 conversions , modification of the establishment plans of the institutions by converting some permanent posts into temporary ones , and transfer to the commission of five posts taken from the other institutions for the medical insurance service . posti
the second point is that frankly it is difficult for me to understand why , if the council thought it right to award itself 71 new posts , it refused very modest demands from the other institutions , for example the committee of the regions , which has undoubtedly seen significant increases in its own responsibilities since the treaty of amsterdam . posti
turning to the courts , the 1 % criterion is exceeded for the court of justice , resulting in the creation of 10 new posts , but the council did not accept the court of auditors ' request for allocations for its building projects , where the commission has provided for such expenditure in the financial perspective . posti
detailed explanations of the causes are already being put forward - rather like having a patient 's disease diagnosed at the post mortem . posteriori
why have we failed to provide ecu 30 million to train customs personnel and to equip the customs services when there are turkish customs posts at the external border of the european union ? doganali
if the few posts in the commission are now to remain unfilled , then all our efforts will be frustrated . NULL
contrary to a hackneyed cliché , part-time work is not the choice of women , but most often represents the choice of employers ; and for the women who hold such posts , it is a real constraint . vincolo
there are very few part-time jobs in industry and very few posts with responsibility ; in addition , part-time work is limited to low-skilled jobs and is linked to very specific sectors . posti
on the other hand , certain parliament amendments propose to include more explicitly in the assessment of obligatory reserves a due date which is linked to posts outside the estimate and particularly to derivatives ' to support a monetary policy aimed at stability ' and contribute ' to the stability of the whole financial system ' . voci
as with all european texts , this transparency must apply to the decision-making processes , to the simplification of the law and also to the financial situation of anyone - including meps - who occupies a post open to corruption . suscettibili
post the budget records on the internet , and the rest follows of itself . inserire
maximum transparency and stringency are essential in filling such posts , and all possible steps should be taken to ensure efficient and continuous cooperation between the various services of the house . funzioni
mr president , only posts having judicial powers or involving the public interests of the state are reserved for citizens of the country in question . impieghi
these would include such jobs as police officer , judge or state minister , together with certain top executive posts in the public administration . direttore
instead , i think that paragraph 31 of my resolution - the text from the committee on budgets - should be modified to remove the words ' to create four permanent b5 proofreader posts ' , given that this proposal fell during the earlier votes on the budget . bozze
amongst other things , we established that the commission had used more than 50 % of the staff posts earmarked for the programme in other areas of expenditure . posti
parliament kindly took control and resolved the matter by granting the commission a generous number of posts for permanent staff . organico
the transition period proposed by the european commission post 2000-2006 will ensure many important roads , environmental protection schemes , industrial , tourism and rural development projects will now be able to proceed as planned . dopo
i regret that this is rather late but we only took up our posts in 1995 and the screening could not be carried out overnight . ultimato
for example , members who hold posts outside the european parliament would have different types of earnings and entitlements . incarichi
likewise , the situation of members in a number of other fields must be regulated individually by the member states , including the question of the extent to which the work of a member of the european parliament is compatible with membership of a national parliament and / or other posts . cariche
i voted for the incompatibility of certain posts and against the accumulation of parliamentary offices . funzioni
the qualifications for each post within the commission are laid down in advertisements for vacant posts . posto
what i can say is that when we have organised competitions aimed at specific nationalities amongst the new member states , it has been the finns who have shown the most interest in eu posts , and for this reason selections have been made faster . posti
i was one of the member of my large group who had the honour of interviewing candidates for the post of director of the european central bank . intervistare
women find it doubly difficult to gain access to training and to establish a livelihood , and they are seldom appointed to decision-making posts . posizioni
during the last general assembly , i myself addressed this question in talks with the un secretary-general , whom i in fact know very well from my earlier post at the united nations , and i also urged that the united nations , the secretary-general and , where appropriate , the special envoy james baker should take joint action . incarico
the agreement reached by the bonn coalition government - which is of european significance - provides that in the next european commission both posts will be occupied by the government parties . posizioni
i must say that i support jacques delors ' proposal , which is backed by some very important figures on the political scene , to organise the european election campaign around not just a political programme but also the choice of commission president , with the european political parties having to publicly present their candidate for this post to the electorate . incarico
we already knew all of this , commissioner , but we expect you to adopt a position more in keeping with your post and with the commission 's responsibilities regarding such an important manifestation of european culture for which it is responsible . incarico
the method thus proposed allows the necessary involvement of the other relevant and pro-european political forces in the commission by means of the commissioners in important posts . posti
we are supporters of this form of vetting of the members of the commission before they take office , but we do not think that people should only be eligible for a post in the commission if they are current or former members of the european parliament . nomina
we can already see competition developing between those postal service providers who operate in a liberalised environment - deutsche post ag , for example - and the others who do not . ag
the following legal instruments have either not yet come into force or still need to be finalised : the europol immunity protocol , europol 's institutions and staff members - in this case you may be aware that the ratification process has not yet been completed by four member states - and the bilateral immunity and privilege agreements for liaison officers posted to europol and their families . distaccati
there was a question mark over the future of her post . organismo
we very much hope that the office of high commissioner , which is held in high esteem in colombia , can be preserved , and i should like to ask the commission whether it is doing everything in its power to ensure that the post will in fact be preserved . organismo
in ireland the local post offices play a very important role as a contact point for people , especially the elderly . poste
also , of all the public utilities , people employed in the post office generally live in their working area and contribute to the local economy and community development . postali
whether one looked at telecoms , post office services , water supplies and so on , there was this idea of universality . postali
i have to say that i am opposed to the possibility of post -tendering negotiations because even if they could be done transparently - and i find that hard to believe as there does not seem to be much point to them beyond publicity as an end in itself - surely such negotiations would damage parity of conditions , given that only the successful tenderer would enjoy its results . post
i have to say that i have rarely received as much post as i have in recent weeks on this matter . posta
other vital public services , such as the nhs , emergency services , dss , post office and railways , are not far behind . poste
mr president , after hearing your fine words on the follow-up to mrs hoff 's report on equal opportunities for women and men at the secretariat of the european parliament , i should like to point out that during the copec meeting we had with various officials this morning at the secretariat of the european parliament in luxembourg , we took the view that the european parliament should set an example by adopting a programme of positive action with fixed time-limits and statistical objectives in order to put an end to the under-representation of women , particularly in a-grade posts copec
the commission maintains that it sets targets and draws up action plans to bring more women into managerial posts . posti
i would therefore like to ask the commission , and especially mrs gradin , whether it would not be a good idea to introduce positive discrimination for women in managerial posts within the commission ? funzioni
since 1 january 1999 , the luxembourg post office has imposed a charge on every cross-border transfer - let there be no mistake , on every single cross-border transfer - amounting to a levy of luf 80 , whereas previously it had been free . posta
this provides us with some degree of protection against the constant insinuations we have heard over the last few days that members are a pack of thieves who exploit their assistants and use phantom posts to line their own pockets . sfrutterebbe
we should also consider that even the dismissal of mr poplasen from his post as president of republika srpska has yet again shown that the clean-up operation so vitally necessary if there is to be cooperation has not yet taken place in republika srpska . carica
what we need to do now is not to create more new european civil service posts , but simply to reorganise the management procedures and make them more efficient . posti
does it surprise anyone that the socialist group voted against mr bösch , the rapporteur on the anti-fraud office , olaf , who is one of their own members , and does it surprise anyone that the coordinator of the socialist group in the committee on budgetary control resigned her post in protest at the policy of her group leader ? incarico
just to make it clear : if you talk about freezing the administrative budget , that will cost 3 880 posts . posti
under your presidency the european council nominated a candidate for the post of president of the commission in the space of one hour , a process that dragged on over more than two summit conferences five years ago . carica
it is the council which must now insist on flexibility , delegation , more fixed-term posts and easier ways to get rid of substandard employees . assunzioni
the facts have borne this man out , yet the commission still feels it necessary to continue with disciplinary proceedings against him , and he has been removed from his post in the financial control department where he had done some excellent work . riabilitato
it is not intended that this committee should interfere in the director 's everyday work , but that it should ensure , by carrying out ex post controls , that no mistakes are made . post
what has happened to these items now : the codes of conduct we asked for , the revision of the statute , the nomination of a1 and a2 posts so as to make sure we have high quality at the top of the commission and the screening report ? a2
that is why the council and the commission , but also parliament , must abide by the decisions we adopted in the tsatsos report , for example on party financing , and we must also act properly where filling posts and promotions are concerned . posti
i think it is rather strange that after many rounds of negotiations with the council , it is then suddenly announced , just before the finishing post , that it is not possible to alter parliament 's position . dirittura
there are certainly bottlenecks , in particular in financial management , which will be overcome most quickly with new posts . personale
proposals of this kind will merely discourage people from buying and selling services via the internet , by fax and by post . posta
the commissioners must oversee the eu 's common interest ; they must not use their post first and foremost to defend their country of origin . oltranza
the fact that some groups , so close to the finishing post , have been intransigent and in no hurry for reform , also leaves one feeling bitter . dirittura
with regard to administrative expenditure , the agreement would permit the financing of some 1000 new posts for the community institutions and also finance the new statute of the members of the european parliament , even though a solution on that issue is not yet clear as you know . posti
we have to get a balance here between civil liberties , freedom of expression , people 's freedom to put on the internet what they want , no more official snooping on the internet than there would be on the post or telephone , and balance the other argument that companies should not have people infringing copyright , infringing their logo , and pretending to be a company that they are not . postali
junk mail through the post is an inconvenience but junk mail received electronically or by fax is actually charged to the telephone bill of the recipient . spazzatura
the post office , for example , looks out for a bomb , if one is suspected . poste
this was a letter posted yesterday by the general secretary of the labour party informing me that i had been suspended from my party . spedita
i would like to draw your attention to something that i mentioned a moment ago , which is that , as the number of candidates does not exceed the number of seats to be filled , i propose that in the first instance , we elect these fourteen candidates to the posts of vice-president and that we do it unanimously . cariche
madam president , i would like to congratulate you on your being elected to your challenging post . carica
however , your appointment to the post of president-elect of the commission , professor prodi , and the appointment of your team , which has now taken place , give cause for great hope . presidente
the next item on the agenda concerns the statements by the council and the commission on the appointment of martin bangemann to a post in the private sector . carica
it is clear - while i respect the fact that it is still sub judice - that the acceptance of the post offered to him by telefónica represents an obvious conflict of interests . carica
we think that the council of ministers was right to inform the courts of justice , in accordance with article 213 of the treaty , which prohibits commissioners from accepting , even after leaving their posts , jobs which would place them in an awkward position , given their obligations to be honest and sensitive in these matters . funzioni
six amendments have been submitted to me , and i would like to repeat the point that i have just made , that they are merely redistributions of posts between various political groups , and by that i mean that they represent the exchange of various posts within the same group , or the addition of an appointment for a post which was vacant . posti
the report of the committee of wise men also makes it clear that the commission must be bolder in relation to national governments , even with regard to filling certain posts . cariche
in your hearing , mr kinnock , we heard that there are 500 posts , which have been authorised by parliament , which are still vacant . posti
i would like to end my intervention by thanking mr marín for his hard work over all these years in his posts within the commission , and in his final one as president-in-office of the commission , and by wishing mr kinnock good luck , a lot of tact and caution in the difficult tasks which await him in the forthcoming months and years . incarico
there are several very radical recommendations , not least the one that establishes the post of the european public prosecutor . istituzione
we would also concur with the report that specialised expertise is needed for these posts , and the need to make more effective use of information technology in intelligence gathering . posti
today , i can restate the support of our group which has felt free to vote , into such an important post , a politician with such a long pro-european record , whose party history we do not share , although we appreciate his journey between the cross , the olive tree and the donkey . carica
we have never asked to see mr prodi ' s party membership card in order to vote him into such a high post . carica
many colleagues have also raised questions about the desirability of separating the ex ante responsibility for budget control from the ex post responsibility for budget implementation or formulation within the commission . post
in my frank opinion , it lies in some people ' s attempts to transfer their domestic debates to the community institutions , in those governments which juggle european postings in order to satisfy the demands of pacts in their countries , and also in some opposition parties who wish to achieve on a higher level what they cannot achieve at home , like mr barón , in spain , who has been ordered to prolong the internal domestic debate by attacking the vice-president-designate of the european commission in , as he well knows , an unjust and dishonest way cariche
i asked mr kinnock whether those 500 or so vacant posts in the commission were going to be filled . posti
if you lack resources , why do you not fill the posts which this parliament has authorised ? posti
the council has achieved its reduction by assuming that the commission would increase the number of vacant posts and thus realise important savings . posti
this aim goes against what the european parliament has wanted for many years and what the commission has undertaken to do , namely to reduce the number of vacant posts . posti
i would ask the person responsible for the 2000 budget to bear in mind the needs of the committee of the regions and consider whether this post can figure amongst posts included in the 2000 budget for that committee . posto
i would also like to set great store by the fact , commissioner , this being a matter of concern for the committee on budgetary control , that the commission declares itself ready , in presenting the fifth supplementary and amending budget , to introduce the extra 15 posts called for in the agreement by the committee on budgetary control . posti
one is that the 15 extra posts for olaf are there , which we accept , but we need to stress that there has to be an sab5 . posti
sab5 should be imminent because of the commission ' s needs for payments but within the resolution that we will vote on we will insist on an sab5 and an extra 15 posts for olaf . posti
what we want is to see that this money is actually spent , and to see the commission do its best , put its shoulder to the wheel , create the posts and ensure that the money is indeed spent on those things that the budgetary authority intended it to be spent on . posti
anybody in this house who is not familiar with washington ' s role in the tragedies in indonesia and timor , from 1966 to the latest genocide unleashed by the military on 30 august , should read the analysis published today by the washington post and the herald tribune under the banner headline ' pentagon defends indonesian military contacts as useful ' . post
we know from our experiences in bosnia that there are some civil leaders of decidedly criminal character and some real low-life in these posts , which impedes the proper development of local communities . ricoperta
it must ensure the public receives as much information as possible , including via regular postings on the internet . regolare
madam president , mr prodi , the president of the commission , boasted that he was instigating some kind of cultural revolution in the administration by rotating senior posts . cariche
it seems to me that we must pay great attention to promotions within the commission , so that women can also rise in their careers to senior posts . cariche
then they talked of an organised system for the payment of subsidies , but the family relatives of the senior members of the agriculture department who received subsidies already cultivated flax before those people took their senior posts , before mrs de palacio became minister for agriculture and even before mrs de palacio knew them . cariche
i do not know if you are in a position to as you have so recently taken up your post . insediamento
we would wish and hope that this would lead to the proportion of women in various posts increasing in the very near future . posizioni
yet those who have this impression overlook or gloss over the fact that this is by no means a normal appointment procedure , rather it is a matter of filling a key post that has far-reaching powers and the right to conduct administrative investigations into every organisation and institution of the union . carica
the budget provides for new posts to be created at both parliament and the economic and social committee to render the administration of the buildings more efficient . posti
it is very difficult for parliament , as a decision-making authority , to scrutinise the chart of its own four thousand strong organisation and draw conclusions as to what new posts are needed for what jobs . funzioni
are you committed to the extra 75 posts or not ? posti
therefore in terms of eu reform we are right , as a parliament , to say that we do not wish to see new posts until we know where the posts are going . posti
secondly , we are right to say that we should not have technical assistance offices performing tasks through temporary officials in what are meant to be permanent posts for the commission . posti
and sab 5 would also serve to increase the posts in olaf from 15 to 30 , as the supervisory committee recommended in its report on this body , so that olaf may begin to work in accordance with the priorities which had already been identified . posti
it will not surprise you to learn that i am particularly keen to talk about olaf and the fifteen additional posts . posti
originally , amending budget 4 / 1999 provided for 15 posts for olaf , which was to have a total of 300 posts . posti
a total of 120 posts that were part of what used to be uclaf - i will refer to them as posts rather than people - are already at the disposal of olaf and we must now consolidate this position with all haste . posti
that is why we were most disappointed that people took so much convincing when it came to adding a further fifteen posts to the fifteen provided for in the supplementary and amending budget 4 / 1999 , i.e. a total of 30 for this year . posti
i am very grateful to the committee on budgets for giving its unequivocal support to the committee on budgetary control in this matter and that we now have these 30 posts for 1999 . posti
in addition , this letter creates 15 new posts for olaf and it goes without saying that i would like to address the questions that have been put to me here on the appointment of the director of olaf . NULL
madam president , i recognise that this new post will no doubt require me to deal with issues of interest and relevance , not only to certain committees but also to the plenary of parliament . incarico
madam president , since i took up this post i have also participated with the presidency of the council and commissioner patten in various meetings of the troika . incarico
my main task in taking up this post is to contribute to the creation of a common foreign and security policy which is more efficient , more coherent and more active . incarico
high representative , the establishment of your post and , in particular , your appointment , have certainly created high expectations among those members of the public - and i think they are numerous - who think that europe needs a common foreign and security policy if , as you said , it wants to be at all credible in areas other than trade or economic stature . figura
mr president , mr high representative for the common foreign and security policy , i would also like to congratulate you very warmly on your new post as high representative and wish you all the luck that your new post requires in order that it may be a success , both for you and , above all , for the european union . incarico
unlike northern ireland , the ministerial posts are not shared between nationalists and non-nationalists . portafogli
to make good the difference the council of presidents finally proposed two new temporary c5 posts and one a6 post . posti
the european parliament is now adding new posts in connection with the budget now being discussed , which is not consistent with disciplined financial administration - not , at least , if we compare the additions to those in the previous five years . posti
i should also like to mention that the number of posts at the anti-fraud office will be increased under budget 2000 - this has already been mentioned - so that the olaf is equipped to carry out its task . organico
that is why this year 's budget really had to reflect the need to tighten up procedures for budget control ; and as the rapporteur for the 2000 budget , and on behalf of the committee on budgetary control , i would like to welcome once again the establishment of the new body to fight fraud and the new olaf posts reflected in this year 's budget . posti
however i have to say with the very greatest respect to the honourable lady that it is not accurate to say that women are excluded from those posts , nor is it accurate to attribute chauvinist motives to the commission . cariche
special attention has been attached to increasing the proportion of women in management and in middle-management posts . cariche
in 1996 an evaluation of the impact of the two positive action programmes on achieving equal opportunities in the commission revealed that there had been significant changes in the situation of female staff in category a and in management posts , particularly as a result of the annual targets adopted by the commission . funzionarie
on 29 september , the new commission expressed its commitment to taking further positive action to ensure that a higher number of women obtain posts in senior management positions . cariche
the college resolved that when there are male and female candidates for senior posts the woman candidate will be given preference . posto
in addition , the commission will strive to double the proportion of senior posts taken by women by the end of this mandate . posti
unfortunately , according to human rights watch , some high-level military representatives , who are recognisable , whose names are known and who are responsible for military training and have been involved in various massacres , have still not been removed from their posts , while the terrible collusion between the military and paramilitary groups continues . incarichi
to my mind , the council is like one of those people whom you cannot ask to post a letter , because they cannot tell the difference between a letterbox and a drain-hole . impostare
a second important confirmation is the confirmation of the posts for olaf . posti
i am grateful for the way in which the governor of macao was spoken of , whom , moreover , i had the honour of appointing to this post when i was president of portugal , and i can say that governor rocha vieira is truly a man who has honoured portugal and who has enabled portugal to leave the territory of macao with its head held high and with a clear conscience . governatore
furthermore , i believe that it prejudices a proper and legitimate aspect of intra-european trade , threatening to reduce the movement of literature across europe to the level of pornography sent through the post , so i am reliably informed , in unmarked brown manilla envelopes , and in the free world reducing the legitimate trade in books to the level of smuggling in and out of eastern europe of so-called subversive literature . posta
it offers the rebels various ministerial posts and also the important presidency of a committee authorised to exploit and export minerals . incarichi
