i would like to stress that culture is not only funded from this particular pot . finanziata
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , if our neighbour ' s roof is leaking , we can lend him pots and pans to collect the water , but it is , of course , more effective to help him plug the leak in the roof . secchielli
the fact that this is a case of the pot calling the kettle black should not , however , be any reason for tolerating deceit , fraud and further theft of taxpayers ' money and should not , especially , give certain people any excuse for tolerating these things . nor should it be any reason or excuse for allowing those who have lined their pockets and taken advantage all these years to go unpunished . scagliare
approximately 60 % of all financial aid comes out of the european pot . casse
international pressure forced them thereafter not to become fully independent , but to join new large collective states which were intended as melting pots for minor slavonic peoples , but they never managed to integrate properly . slavi
it is the most readily available product in the european union , but we know more about the contents of a pot of jam and the ingredients of cola than we do about the average cigarette . vasetto
it is , of course , extremely odd that people such as mr ieng sary , who played a key role under pol pot , have already been released from the trial because the prime minister dismissed them from that trial , and that was not done by a court of justice but by mr hun sen. pot
mr president , there are people here who are old enough not to have forgotten the extraordinary and harrowing reports that came out of cambodia in 1975 , with aerial pictures of a deserted capital as the khmer rouge , their leaders schooled in the violent tenets of french revolutionary tradition and possessing a mixture of political idealism and mass psychopathology , moved two million people from the city to the countryside to begin a new society in year zero under the leadership of the " great " pol pot . pot
it is not surprising therefore that following pol pot 's death and the defeat of the khmer rouge , there should be a need for some kind of national catharsis through the application of justice and a calling to account of those responsible . NULL
we have thus addressed questions to specific commissioners , and i see that apart from a single question to mr kinnock , everything has been thrown into one enormous pot . calderone
legal systems cannot , as it were , be transplanted like flowers from one pot to another . invasare
i had tried to demonstrate that the label on a pot of honey should above all inform consumers about the origin and quality of that honey , in order to prevent honey imported from who knows where containing who knows what pollen from being confused with quality honey produced by our beekeepers . vasetto
at the same time , the current system allows them to build up a considerable pot of money for themselves . risparmi
an open-ended honey pot is not conducive to encouraging self-help and self-reliance . illimitato
the uncooperative approach of the rapporteur for the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities , and indeed her obstinate determination not to listen to reason and to throw everything into the one pot , if i may say so , means that i cannot vote in favour of this report ; for one thing , it indiscriminately accuses all religions for practising a pernicious form of fundamentalism , and another , more important reason is that it seeks to manipulate this resolution to define details of the asylum and immigration policies of the european union . indistintamente
i will end with ispa , which would appear to be the reason my report has been slipped into the enlargement melting pot . calderone
that is the task of both our rapporteurs , certainly mr stenmarck , who will look at the other institutions to see what money there is left over in their budgets to be put into the pot to ensure that the commission is not disadvantaged to any great extent . calderone
on the other hand , the international socialists such as lenin , trotsky , stalin , mao and pol pot enjoyed total immunity . pot
if someone from great britain suddenly appears on the market and does not insure any biometric risks and makes no mention of that and only talks of pots of gold , as appears to happen in the united kingdom , then it could be that people quite mistakenly make inadequate retirement provision . mucchi
mr president , this house has given a great deal of attention to cambodia ever since the days of pol pot , the stone age communist with a doctorate in philosophy from the sorbonne . pot
and death does not start with american or israeli missiles or guns ; death starts with all the victims of pol pot , with all those whom you do not even remember , with the peoples of the volga and don rivers deported 80 years ago , with the 500 thousand killed and massacred by saddam in the last 10 years . pot
almost 8 % of 15- to 19-year-olds smoke pot daily , and 75 % of young people think that cannabis is harmless , even though several studies produced by the medical profession indicate conclusively that the use of cannabis poses physical and , more especially , psychological risks and that it leads to addiction . fuma
although it may be true - and here i am opening a window for those who hold a different view - that not all those who start by smoking cannabis go on to take hard drugs , it is now an established fact that all those who are now slaves to heroine started by smoking pot or grass . erba
our greatest criticism is reserved for the way the barcelona process , the eu partnership with russia as a regional power and relations with neighbouring states who have indicated a desire for integration have all been thrown into the same pot . calderone
mr president , i should like to thank the commissioner for her reply , which at least has the merit of being clear , and which resembles that of a child caught with its fingers in the jam pot . marmellata
our europe , that melting pot of cultures , languages and people , is possible thanks to free movement and study programmes . crogiolo
one material that occurs in small quantities of this sort is ceramic packaging ; for example , ceramic bottles , pots , and bowls made in the netherlands , in france and in spain , are mainly used for the packaging of brandies , chocolates , and patés . vasetti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it must indeed be recalled that an entire people were traumatised by the terrible years under pol pot 's regime in cambodia . pot
i am sure you remember vividly the lobby and the debate on flower pots , cd cases , mascara containers and make-up pots . vasi
parliament wanted to avoid a continuation of the debate on flower pots . vasi
the solution found is pragmatic : new products are not entered in the annexes , but the commission is asked to give priority to examining , where necessary , those products that are the subject of legal controversy : cd cases , flower pots , toilet rolls and suchlike . vasi
the whole place is a highly unstable melting pot and could easily explode . crogiolo
the fact is , the issues of organised crime , terrorism , trafficking in human beings and immigration cannot all be thrown into one big pot , as if they all constituted a single problem . calderone
europe is not a melting pot , nor is it meant to become a superstate ; on the contrary , it is in its diversity that europe ’ s wealth is to be found , beginning in our towns and communities , where people live , and in the regions . NULL
after years under pol pot ’ s rule , both the country and its health service and medical care infrastructures were left entirely destroyed , and millions of children who had lost their parents were left without anything to live on . pot
however , it is regulations that mrs herranz garcía wants , even on pot herbs and parsley ! condimento
in this , he is starting to show much likeness to the demented regime that pol pot sought to introduce in cambodia 30 years ago . pot
more than ever , mugabe seems to be turning into africa ’ s pol pot . pot
this is the only possible explanation for his recommendation not only that we provide immigrant communities – and those born into such communities , up to the third generation at least – with teaching in their languages and cultures of origin , but also that this teaching be extended to indigenous communities , as part of a great multicultural melting pot , the aim being to create , and i quote , ‘ a common cosmopolitan heritage ’ . crogiolo
if they continue merely to ask for more from europe without paying into the pot themselves , they – not we – risk destroying this round . crollare
since the end of military conflict – 30 years ago the war in vietnam was coming to a close – and the fall of bloody communist regimes – such as that of pol pot – or violent anti-government – as in laos – the international community has been actively cooperating towards supporting former indochina in terms of development and democracy within the international forum . pot
first , there was a government friendly to the americans , which was followed by pol pot ’ s pro-chinese reign of terror and then , with vietnamese help , the government of hun sen. subsequent elections have produced results that have made it virtually impossible to form governments with widespread support . pot
it is worth recalling that pol pot ’ s bloodthirsty regime remained internationally recognised for a long period of time , even after being defeated , the only reason for that being that the new regime under hun sen , which had liberated the country from that band of murderers , was suspected of maintaining friendly relations with its vietnamese neighbour . pot
in any event , until recently cambodia was still faced with such problems as the remnants of pol pot ’ s troops , illiteracy and the lack of an intelligentsia or any industry in the country . pot
it is not right to throw racism and so-called homophobia and islamophobia into the same pot . calderone
the first – and it is for mr cramer ’ s benefit – is that we should not be talking in terms of percentages , for we have as yet no idea as to how much money is in the pot for ertms , and , moreover , we do not yet know which projects are actually ready to go ahead . cassa
we read of horrors of the past regimes of pol pot and stalin and it haunts me to think that the same situation exists in north korea today . pot
so , we must now content ourselves with taking potluck , and the pot must be pretty empty if foreign policy is hopelessly inconsistent , or downright non-existent , at times of dire crisis or when a deterrent is needed . convento
ten years ago the commission introduced to the community playing-field the notions of nominal and real convergence and went through a stage of mixing the two up , confusing economic with nominal , and ending up with a pot pourri or having regard only for nominal convergence , even when the titles of documents seem to suggest the opposite . confusi
there is the same political framework as in afghanistan , where the americans played the integrists , with the broken pots we know about . giocavano
it is neither technically nor ethically justifiable for millions of animals to have to die , in the nastiest possible way , merely so that the cosmetics industry can produce a few more pots of cream , when there are already millions of little pots of cream and such like products . cremette
of course we must try to break into the lucrative american market , but first of all let us make sure that we produce programmes that will sell across our own borders , that people will be interested in and will buy , and thus add more to the pot for independent producers . assicurandoci
today , the two peoples are dissolving in the american melting pot . calderone
the spectre of the khmer rouge was and continues to be behind this fighting , particularly since pol pot 's movement broke away and has been trying to get back into civilian life in cambodia . pot
if these conditions are not fulfilled , europe will be an earthenware pot , and the united states a cast iron one , giving them a definitively dominant position , and this , like all monopoly situations , will be unhealthy . coccio
you might almost being to think that it is a case of the pot calling the kettle black , but still , i would like to stress that what is happening in slovakia is unacceptable , and that what is happening here is also unacceptable . pulpito
therefore it is the wrong start to just throw everything into one pot . calderone
that is the big difference between europe and that melting pot , the united states . pot
they are going to be competing for a smaller pot of money under three broad objectives with no direct funds for defence cuts . contendersi
that is why the european union and the rest of the international community must do all we can to keep the pressure on president milosevic and keep the pot in kosovo from boiling over . esploda
i have to say that mr kerr very rarely misses an opportunity to take a pot shot at the british government . kerr
the pot should not call the kettle black . erba
as a result , we have lost 12 million farmers , which makes sicco mansholt the pol pot of agriculture . pot
in the past the european union has been criticized on the grounds that it is going to be a great melting pot in which small communities and minorities will all be lost . crogiolo
who was concerned about human rights in stalinist russia , maoist china or even today in pol pot 's cambodia , in south america , haiti or east germany in the days of honecker ? pot
and the readers of a major french evening newspaper found it hysterical to read the front page headline ' phnom penh freed ' , when the communist pol pot seized the khmer capital . pot
they must use a chamber pot , sometimes in a shared cell , and ' slop out ' each morning.- some prisons are greatly overcrowded .  
among the most notorious mass-murderers of our time are hitler , stalin and mao , but others have existed - and still exist - who are their equal in many respects , among them pol pot , verwoerd , saddam hussein and kim ii sung , to mention but a few . pot
this means we can finally dispense with special pots of money such as the two special pension funds for members , which have repeatedly been the subject of public criticism of parliament . straordinarie
most importantly , for me personally , the jewel in the crown achieved as a result of informal post-berlin negotiations in strasbourg was that the council agreed to the european parliament 's request to modify the berlin summit decision to add a new urban initiative with 0.35 % of funds added to the community pot . 35
it may also be possible to create some room for manoeuvre - and that is perhaps something for discussion with the council - by taking the eur 89 million destined for humanitarian activities in kosovo out of the humanitarian aid pot and carry it over to the total financial package for the region . inserendoli
he presented a fine study with a sort of pot pourri of everything he has written since march and all that with the attitude of an official of the french supreme audit office . condito
should we be surprised ( or indignant , as some are ) , in such conditions , at the temptation towards violence which permeates our young people and , occasionally , blows the cover off our social boiling pot ? calderone
the pensioners are always asking me what they are cooking up in the pot in brussels . pentola
this is what has been happening for some time , and , with this new piece of news , i think that the pot will be heated even more so that even more pensioners can be boiled , if possible all together . pentola
macao , as has already been said , has always been a melting pot of cultures and of new meetings of cultures , of religions too , and has always been a territory where peace , tranquillity and coexistence between peoples of the most diverse ethnic backgrounds have reigned . crogiolo
this collective attention on the part of europe is the best additional , practical guarantee that we can give , the best way that we have of guaranteeing that macao ' s unique nature is safeguarded , and of continuing to deal with macao in a unique way , not by putting it into the pot with every other country . confonderla
