finally , commissioner , we cannot forget that large sections of the economy are still firmly in the hands of the state , ranging from state television , which is funded on a mandatory basis by the taxpayer , and the post office , to some compulsory insurance schemes , including health and social welfare systems , which are managed by inefficient state monopolies which leave no-one but the wealthy user with any other option . partire
mr president , year after year we learn , mainly from the european court of auditors ' test reports , that money is lost to the budget of the european union on account of misdemeanours ranging from wastage , mismanagement , and irregularities to suspected blatant fraud . sospetta
we have worked closely with portuguese ngos and with some initiatives they have proposed within the framework of the portuguese presidency , which we are combining with the wide range of concerns underpinning our whole programme . riflettono
there , however , we are concerned with that particular area , whereas it may be said that the present communication concerning the precautionary principle is horizontal in the sense that it concerns the full range of specific technical areas that are of political concern . settori
there is also the desire to create a legal entitlement to confidentiality and to lock away documents of a kind which are at present publicly available in a range of member states . vari
under the banner of " progress towards transparency " , a range of documents is being locked away from the general public . cela
our group will , at any rate , do this as far as possible - for environmental reasons and because we have this directive which is well-balanced and encompasses a whole range of issues and difficulties including , for example , the way in which the costs are to be distributed . abbraccia
we know that we can change this situation , in which women are underrepresented in the science sector , only by means of a policy of educational guidance which will systematically encourage a greater range of career choices for girls and , when they have obtained their degrees , by means of positive measures at the professional level . sottorappresentazione
the communication from the commission takes account of the need to adopt approaches combining a range of economic , social , and infrastructural measures . gamma
former adapt projects range from the core project , which has developed new supply chains for the car industry in bedfordshire , to projects to raise standards in small businesses in hertfordshire in essex . spaziavano
the union must not take on a whole range of new tasks without the basic foundation for a successful european economy being in place . assumersi
we will either be able to restore water quality to suit the planet ' s ecosystem or we will experience a whole range of adverse events which will threaten the development of certain regions , the living conditions of the inhabitants of other regions and even , more fundamentally , the global balance . serie
finally , we need to set up a system which prepares an objective list of potentially dangerous substances , using the increased information available on their chemical , physical and biological properties , in such a way as to create an integrated model for intervention at a range of strategic levels in order to protect our water heritage , which is fundamental to us all . diversi
we are submitting a wide range of proposals to the effect , for example , that there should be a transition to individualised social security systems ; that parental leave should involve entitlement to benefits under the social security systems ; that there should be better opportunities to combine family and working life ; and that the basic old-age pension should guarantee a decent standard of living . NULL
no single donor is in a position to address the whole spectrum of themes , ranging from macro-economic issues to the regulatory framework or from sectoral policies to a variety of new cross-cutting themes such as gender , environment , good governance and institutional reforms . vanno
because the joint motion for a resolution proposes a range of effective mechanisms for ensuring coherence , i shall use the very short time allotted to me here just to mention one more such mechanism , namely obliging the commission to carry out an evaluation of new , relevant legislation from this aspect . serie
secondly : a range of instruments has to be developed which allow for a flexible response and which do not force us into a situation where we need to choose between a kill or cure remedy or a complete stab in the dark . NULL
malta has vibrant light and heavy industry , growing financial services , good agriculture , magnificent tourism and an amazing range of employment opportunities , all of this on an island virtually barren of natural resources .  
the framework conditions have changed in that the helsinki decisions made a whole range of things possible that were not possible hitherto , and , above all , in that the political strategies employed by the parties concerned have changed beyond recognition . serie
mr president , mr alavanos ' question naturally gives us food for thought on a wide range of issues . suscita
furthermore , we will see if we can do this for a range of other proposals that we have on this issue . serie
the presidency has engaged in intensive discussions with a range of members of this parliament and with the group to which parliament entrusted the task of negotiating with the council . serie
the security afforded by this type of saving is attributable to the broad range of investment vehicles in which the funds are placed . gestito
obviously , this inhibits competition and innovation and restricts the public ' s range of savings options . scelta
it is clear that by extending the proposal under discussion , the options and the range of investments in undertakings for collective investments , those undertakings which remain outside the rules will be obliged to invest in high-risk funds . raggio
this is a task that has lasted three years , and on which we have been consulted , so to speak , as a matter of course , when this issue , as has already been stressed , comprises highly important formal and substantive facets , which called for a range of assessments , consultations , concerted actions and codecisions . diverse
tourism must therefore be thought of as the whole range of goods and services required by individuals moving from their habitual place of residence and thus confers mobility , the characteristic feature of contemporary society . insieme
the commission and parliament can help us understand , in the first place , exactly what we are dealing with , because even the term ' tourism ' , as was , moreover , pointed out in the viceconte report , is still an ambiguous term , a kind of variable that depends on latitude , climate , a range of opportunities , and a series of background factors ; it can be synonymous with holidays or it can be a true area of production , income , wealth and employment . molte
within these regions , a huge range of problems have their part to play . manifestano
moreover , europe is still the main destination for tourists from third countries , even though it faces increasingly stiff competition and an increasingly diversified and attractive range of products . offerta
however , the fact that the updating and sending of data are purely optional and that this involves a very wide range of data and sectors may distort the final objective of the commission ' s proposal . facoltativi
in norway , with their much longer experience , compulsory , 100 % culling was abandoned some years ago and a range of measures have led there to a dramatically improved situation . serie
this comprehensive document takes account of a wide range of possible risks and recommends action to combat them in areas such as site-to-site transmission , security measures to curtail escapes , treatment of waste and effluent , methods of detection and diagnosis , farrowing and rotation , disinfection of equipment and many , many more . gamma
however , some people ' s view of the fisheries sector can be extremely simplistic , ranging from mere folklore to the insult of regarding fishermen as insensitive pirates and predators . folklore
in order to make it easier for the commission and the member states to get hold of reliable evidence , an israeli peace movement published a list of companies established in the settlements , and a palestinian ngo prepared and presented the customs services of the various member states with unequivocal proof attesting to the state of origin of a range of products coming from the occupied territories and traded on domestic community markets . svariati
one may well wonder , particularly after reading the french contribution , which crowns them with interventionism , proposing that a whole range of national policies be coordinated in brussels , such as those on employment , social protection and smes , and accompanying them with a vast array of statistical indicators , for which monitoring will have to be arranged . serie
the present report contains an amendment which states that the full range of cost recovery systems should not be admitted within the european union because some cost recovery systems for port reception facilities do not do justice to what is needed to keep our environment clean . gamma
subject : eu action to combat mines will the wide range of action programmes to combat mines have to be financed solely from budget line b7-661 , which is now more justified than ever ? gamma
there is no doubt that crossing the great mountain ranges of the european union is a problem . montuose
the environmental label must and will signal to third countries a whole range of important environmental concepts : that adverse effects on the environment can be reduced in the manufacture of certain product groups ; that common goals for environmentally friendly consumption should be promoted ; and that the relevant international standards must be observed . molteplici
since 1992 , the euro-flower logo has become a hallmark of environmentally-friendly products , ranging from washing machines to writing paper . lavatrici
this seems all very well to me , with the limits introduced by parliament in its last report , with the amendments which ranged from our reservations about the inclusion of children under 14 in the system to the request that this eurodac system be only applied to the dublin convention . andavano
i also find it impossible to forget that this same government has , in the past , promoted a wide range of actions to destabilise bosnia and herzegovina and croatia , and has repeatedly played a destabilising role in the entire region . destabilizzante
fourthly , we must bear in mind that sources of fossil fuels have been accompanied recently by price fluctuations ranging from 10 to 30 dollars a barrel . oscillazioni
the patent office has awarded a whole range of patents on human genetic make-up and thus breached the regulations of the european patent agreement . numero
for many years the european parliament , the member states and a whole range of organisations , by virtue of various legal bases , agreements and resolutions , have been tackling the issues of child protection , children ' s rights , sexual abuse , sexual exploitation , sex tourism , trade in children and women and child pornography on the internet . appoggiandosi
this ranges from precise filing rules , so that documents cannot simply disappear , to a fundamental reform of disciplinary proceedings and much else besides . scompaiano
on the important issue of african debt , and despite the fact that at the summit a huge range of countries stated their national policies on this issue , it was stipulated that the bi-regional group of senior officials , which will in the first instance ensure that the summit ' s decisions are implemented , will prepare a report on the debt situation in african countries . numero
but more generally i believe this report infringes a whole range of different rights , beginning with the rights of the small and medium-sized states which have formed an integral part of our institutions and been highly respected by them since the early days of the treaty of rome . serie
more generally , the rigid federalist approach reflects a more or less unconscious desire to set up institutional barriers against enlargement , which will once again call in question a whole range of long-standing patterns of behaviour . inconscio
if we were to intervene in a case like this , we would clearly be transposing to the community dimension an issue for which there is a whole range of recourse in a country which fully respects human and citizens ' rights . serie
many businesses , ranging from small businesses in border areas to large multinationals , would like to treat their accounts as one national account . dalle
the dimitrakopoulos / leinen report covers a wide range of issues which could be considered in the framework of the igc which is taking place over the remainder of 2000 . ventaglio
in order to achieve this , we believe that the scope of the igc should be restricted to " tidying up " the outstanding points from amsterdam , plus a small range of other issues . numero
the references to ways of solving the problems of discrimination and to the age range for participation in the programme - 15-25 , although there are some exceptions - are also inadequate , given that the average age for completing higher education is very close to the upper limit , which should be raised to 30 years . 25
amendments nos 2 , 4 and 9 are designed to cover a broader range of milk products under the scheme . gamma
although i cannot therefore accept these amendments , i have no problems with the underlying message , which it is worth conveying , and that is that the current range of products needs to be reviewed , and i will ensure that this issue continues to be dealt with and discussed in the management committee for milk and milk products . gamma
we support the development of a european aviation space encompassing all aspects of aviation , ranging from delays to environmental harm . dai
the a1 grade covers a wide range of concepts : an official could hold an a1 post and have important duties , such as director-general for development , for the press and the media or other directorate-generals , or he could be an aide . a1
by and large , i welcome the new convention for i believe it incorporates some very good ideas and covers a wider range of products . gamma
the present regulation , in response to a request from the council , involves transferring the funding of joint actions , decided on within the framework of the cfsp and previously funded from the common foreign and security policy budget , to the first pillar , i.e. the vast range of community policies managed by the commission . vasto
however , it seems to me that the commission ' s considerations with regard to hemp fibre and short-fibre flax are not very realistic , either as regards its future viability or its range of uses . gamma
it is not right that we should be expecting the commission to do a whole range of things in putting their house and their budget in order unless we also take the same kinds of rigorous steps . mettere
parliament has certainly devoted considerable time on behalf of its citizens to addressing the important agenda of food safety , while at the same time ensuring that our farmers can operate within a production framework of traceability which is the only way to fully restore consumer confidence in the wide range of quality food products produced by european farmers . gamma
if compatibility is to be achieved , the specifications of a range of technical components need to be brought into line with one another . serie
in other words , the euro could stay within its historic trading range and happily now either fall by a further 23 % or rise by 188 % . banda
the commissioner has done justice to the wide range of areas across which discrimination can manifest itself . diverse
far harder to accept is the fact that this draft directive against racial discrimination applies over a broader social range and , in terms of content , comprises stronger legal guarantees and control mechanisms than the second draft directive which is still in the pipeline and which is designed to fight other types of discrimination . campo
with regard to health warnings , mr president , given the range of wishes regarding the warning size , i have now decided in favour of maintaining the percentages quoted by the european commission , which can now be considered a compromise . diversi
mr president , i suspect that in my group as in most others there is a wide range of views , from people who think that smoking is a matter for consenting adults , largely but not necessarily in private , to those who think that sellers of tobacco should suffer capital punishment and that those who smoke should be incarcerated in secure hospitals . diverse
although industrial and radioactive discharges continue from a range of sources , the practice of direct dumping with little thought for the future is now widely regarded as unacceptable . emessi
this new regulation envisages a range of measures to minimise discharges of ozone-depleting substances . serie
the debate here shows that many members of that committee have taken part not only in the reflections on this report but also on the whole range of issues on the information society . insieme
in addition , we must remember that the defence industry acts as a catalyst for growth and innovation in other industries , ranging from the high-tech , such as aerospace and information technology , to the more traditional industries , such as steel and shipbuilding . funge
madam president , i recently visited the jrc at ispra and it served to remind me firstly of the great amount of good work across the wide range of research activity that is carried out there and , secondly , of the historical legacy from the site 's origins as a nuclear research facility . ricordarmi
there will undoubtedly be swedish consumers who will benefit , and also find pleasure , from the commission proposal once beer , wine and spirits , ranging from whisky and brandy to lesser products such as gammeldansk , shellfish in brine and beerenburg , are more readily available . vanno
we are dealing in essence with the compromise between access to confidential information , information which comes into the hands of a whole range of regulatory authorities , and the use that is subsequently made of that information . serie
we have a range of regulators now , across the whole of the european union , but we very often have a whole range of regulators within member states themselves , and the dilemma of how information is in fact used is one that is not just a dilemma for the community and its exchange of information with regulators beyond the community itself . NULL
i ask you , mr president , to confer with your colleagues so that the whole range of eu-russia relations can be investigated , debated and our influence brought to bear not least on the turbulent mr putin , who is putting us all in danger . quadro
the european parliament and the australian parliament initiated their direct political dialogue in 1981 and over the years this dialogue has encompassed a broad range of issues .  
there are a whole range of activities connected to the tobacco industry , which we must protect at all costs . collegato
we rejected all of the amendments which sought to reduce the already very limited range of measures that have been proposed or to restrict information on the lethal effects of smoking , because they all serve the interests of the tobacco companies ' lobby . portata
these issues united certain islamic and catholic countries ranging all the way from the sudan , iran and libya to the vatican , nicaragua and poland , which were prime movers in the fight against these rights . cattolici
i must also note that , in terms of bilateral relations , the foreign ministers of greece and turkey , while at the nato summit in florence , presented a proposal to include a range of good-neighbourly measures on the agenda for negotiations between greece and turkey . the aim of these measures will be to consolidate the climate of security and harmonisation between these two countries . pacchetto
we have also noted that , although there was an inexplicable and dangerous fall in the number of on-the-spot checks carried out under the regulation in 1998 compared to the previous year , they have brought to light a whole range of shortcomings , from an insufficient number of monitoring schemes in certain programmes to the co-financing of non-admissible expenditure . serie
these sources showed that some of the constraints on the activities hitherto carried out by the centre , which also restrict union activity in this field , are caused by the wide range of differing information gathered by the various national centres linked to the centre , with the result that it is difficult to draw conclusions from this information which would be useful in terms of prevention or damage limitation measures and operations to fight illegal trafficking .  
the presidency will , in particular , have to tackle a whole range of major issues in relation to which the commission has already tabled proposals . serie
this procedure applies to a greatly increased range of legislation , yet there has been less need to resort to conciliation . serie
we are particularly concerned about the implications for a wide range of the programmes that fall within our remit . gamma
it is a very balanced piece of work covering quite a wide range of views . spettro
there is a wide range of considerations to be taken into account . numerosi
to accommodate this increase , we need all the types of transport we can think of , ranging from internal waterways , air , roads and trains , all of which should be just in time and clean . dalle
in view of the large range of topics included in the annual report it will clearly be impossible to address all of them at our meeting today . affrontarli
this wide range of communication tools , in which the arguments both for and against a decision are presented , is in substance similar to summary minutes . sostanza
mr president , the radwan report has addressed honestly many of the issues which relate to the functioning of the central bank , ranging from prudential banking supervision and the cost of international money transfers on the one hand , to convergence requirements for applicant countries and the role of this parliament in providing the framework for the accountability of the ecb on the other . prudenziale
that is why the commission must set in train open procedures to transmit up-to-date information on the whole range of regulations , directives and international accords being discussed and enacted by the union . regolamenti
it was difficult to achieve this compromise , and the council ' s last minute attempts to water down the agreement are evidence of how ambitious it is and of the way it places parliament and the commission in a relationship of cooperation , where parliament performs a monitoring function in line with its prerogatives while the commission has a range of tasks to add to its primary role of guardian of the treaties and proposer of initiatives . serie
this directive will go some way to linking cooperation and exchanges of information , as well as extending the scope and range of the offences . gamma
the ban on a range of identified phthalates was precautionary . serie
echo programmes in the northern caucusus cover a broad range of aid sectors , for example , food , medical aid , shelter , water , sanitation , essential relief items and psycho-social assistance . gamma
it is supposed to lead to cheaper flights , a wider range of flights and no more delays . offerta
that is why the public and private sector must adopt a range of european , national and regional aid measures to adapt and develop the ports , which are the nerve centre of the transport chain , and target these measures at the specific requirements . serie
today , parliament as a whole , unanimous in spite of the range of our political affiliations , is honouring their memory , affirming loudly and clearly that terrorism is the very antithesis of democracy . onorarne
is the intention to give an enlarging group of european nations a stronger voice on the world stage and improve the coordination and effectiveness of their policies on a range of issues ? serie
one of the top priorities of the french presidency was , therefore , to draw up a list of public debates , covering a wide range of subjects , which was adopted by the permanent representatives committee ( coreper ) on 5 july 2000 . gamma
the fisheries agreements are extremely important for certain regions in which , in addition to employment in the fisheries sector itself , there are a range of associated businesses wholly or partially dependent upon the fishing industry . indotto
amongst other new aspects of this agreement , i also wish to highlight the innovation of providing an additional premium of eur 370 million in the event that the republic of guinea implements a range of actions designed to reduce its overall fishing effort . serie
the question remains as to whether we really want to cut back on the small organisations within the european union , when it is important to support drugs projects - including those in the regions - using a whole range of approaches , specifically in this area , but also in general . differente
the latter should instead concentrate on correctly carrying out its already vast range of tasks . vaste
due to the complexity of the methods of measuring grip on dry and wet surfaces and rolling resistance and due to the wide range of products , the results of the experts ' work will not be available before 2002 . ventaglio
mr president , commissioner , sport is , of course , being discussed by a wide range of people and social groups right now , as the olympic games begin in sydney . sydney
global performance is estimated according to a range of often conflicting criteria that are well-known to tyre-manufacturers . insieme
these measures need to cover the whole range of harmful impacts , including emissions , noise , and poor air traffic management and town and country planning , and to take account of the economic interests of airlines in a balanced way . spettro
this scourge is the result of criminal action : the blame lies with irresponsible arsonists who should face deterrent penalties , and with unscrupulous developers prepared to use any means possible to get hold of land on which building is forbidden , who ought to be deterred by a whole range of legal means to prosecute them . moltitudine
nevertheless , these long-term measures cannot absolve us of our current responsibilities , responsibilities , which we all share , which range from safeguarding the freedom of movement to complying with community rules . vanno
similarly , the commission agrees with the idea that a range of common essential principles on data protection needs to be established and can be implemented as uniformly as possible throughout the third pillar . serie
finally , i would like to say to mr bushill-matthews , who is here , that the journalist on the daily mail , to which you sent your press releases on this report , rang me back and asked me about a specific amendment that contained your phraseology and your words , which he said was the nonsense part of this whole directive . daily
business is looking for the development of confidence in the whole range of new mechanisms which the commissioner is seeking to bring forward as part of its overall reform package . gamma
i am disappointed that parliament ' s proposed amendment was not adopted , because it advocated dispensing with bank guarantees or credit safeguards if need be , in order to make the range of applicants and the target group as large as possible . gamma
that said , agricultural product refunds present a range of risks and disadvantages . serie
the commission ' s scheme to compensate food processors for losing out on export refunds , by encouraging them to seek inward processing relief on a range of commodities from outside the eu , is both muddle-headed and inept . gamma
the commission ' s position is quite clear : the european union will not in future accept reductions , within the wto , only in support for export refunds - there will also have to be reductions in all types of support provided by our main competitors in the international markets , ranging from export credits to food aid and state-run businesses . crediti
it can lead to a range of choice and we all support that , but we also know from surveys by national consumer councils , particularly in my member state , that consumers do not yet have sufficient trust and confidence in the new technology to shop on-line . sia
our rapporteur , mrs glase , rightly states in her report that the fight against illicit work is a task which cuts across a whole range of policy areas , such as finance , the economy , social issues , the labour market , and justice . diversi
we need to lighten the administrative burden on smes , and measures to reduce the stigma on bankruptcy are long overdue because , although there is a wide range of funding instruments available , smes and entrepreneurs seeking funding for their new ventures continue to face difficulties . gamma
the eib , the eif and the european commission also need to broaden their support for risk capital investment to a wider range of institutions and more innovative instruments , for example , business angels . gamma
the problems requiring rapid resolution throughout the european union range from the administrative aspects , such as the often pointless bureaucracy which wastes time , energy and money , to the provision of funding . spaziano
to this end , it is crucial that we carry out a range of concrete actions , and the first and most fundamental is the integration of the european union ' s risk capital market . serie
mr president , commissioner , we are debating the subject of buses and the fact that different practices were applied in a number of european countries with permitted lengths ranging from 12 metres to even 15 metres . variano
our disagreements with a portion of mr brok ' s report range from points of detail to others of greater importance . vanno
in other words , these states would have to fulfil a range of economic and political conditions that were considered to be essential prerequisites for their integration . determinate
even though they contain the odd contradiction , this range of texts gives us the opportunity to draw up a detailed and customised progress report on the negotiations . testi
it will be important to involve as wide a range of types and sizes of ngos as possible to make sure that we benefit from the experience of these people who work every day with these issues . ogni
i entirely agree with the president of the commission about the need to prepare such a list along the lines of a constitution , and i am quite clear about the fact that the subsidiarity principle must be reinforced and that the eu must therefore refrain from making policy on the wide range of areas in which the political problems are not of a cross-border nature . numerosi
our objections to this are four-fold : the possibility of yet another range of activities being justiciable in the european court of justice is opened up ; the possibility of obtaining agreement by other arms exporting countries outside the eu to an international code of conduct will be that much more difficult and unattractive if it is legally binding ; if legal sanctions are involved there is a danger that some of those involved in the arms trade will be less open in their activities ; there may be reluctance by some countries to place arms orders with european states serie
against this background , the commission gave its support to the organisation of american states , whose brief is to monitor a range of significant democratic reforms that the government and opposition had agreed on . serie
in war , there will clearly always be a large number of innocent people who suffer distress or die , and very often it is , of course ' women and children and old people who are totally defenceless in a wide range of situations . indifesi
as you very rightly suggest in your resolution , thereby supporting the approach proposed by the european commission , we shall continue to use the entire range of community instruments available to us : social dialogue , legislation , coordination , convergence , information exchange and financing under community funds and programmes . gamma
i think i can say that , essentially , the problem is the tremendous increase in legislative work in the european union as a whole , in particular the exponential growth of legislative codecision , the huge range of legislative decisions taken in parallel .  
further to the comment which danielle auroi made just now on the subject of the countries of the south , i would add that there are some expert estimates which provide some interesting figures , for instance , a range between usd 50 and 250 billion , which could be recovered by a tobin-type tax , whereas , at the same time , the undp [ united nations development programme ] amounts to usd 40 billion per annum , which would be sufficient to guarantee minimum living conditions for the hundreds of millions of deprived people in the countries of pnus
since the economy of the outermost regions is classed in article 299 ( 2 ) of the treaty itself as being dependent on a single product or on a limited range of products , we must provide incentives for potential diversification and , at the same time , create better conditions for producing what people actually have the means and the ability to produce . numero
but following that decision a whole range of members in this house began to indicate that machines had not worked and so on . serie
it has occurred to me overnight that if the result of a vote is declared and there is within the rules no provision for the issue to be reopened at all , given the alarming frequency with which a whole range of machines do not work , this could create serious difficulties . vari
it was parliament which first raised , in 1996 , the issue of a horizontal budget line and of a proper legal base to provide a single platform for the wide range of actions that we undertake in this important field . serie
if these conditions are not met , the european union needs to be prepared to take appropriate measures , ranging from diplomatic pressure and suspending aid , through to sanctions with a preference for arms and diamond embargoes or so-called ' smart ' sanctions , which target the ruling elite rather than the population . partire
the community has a great number of instruments available for conflict prevention and resolution , ranging from trade and cooperation agreements to support for institutional capacity building , for strengthening respect for human and minority rights or for demobilisation and rehabilitation . vanno
commissioner , i am convinced that this was an opportunity missed and that , due to the issue of the inflexibility of the wording , which prevented a compromise being reached on the preamble - i repeat , on the preamble , nothing to do with the body of the text at all - we were actually in danger of losing sight of the crux of the matter and ended up dancing to the tune of a whole range of powerful countries , some well-disposed towards the project and others not so well-disposed , or of great markets whose noses serie
agriculture is a multi-output industry and public expenditure may well be necessary to achieve the full range of public goods the industry can and should produce . gamma
to answer a direct question , i do not believe that we shall tackle this matter successfully in the long term if we do not have access to a range of tools and a range of political initiatives . serie
the next item is the report ( a5-0197 / 2000 ) by mr lund , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the commission communication to the council and the european parliament on a community strategy for endocrine disrupters - a range of substances suspected of interfering with the hormone systems of humans and wildlife [ com ( 1999 ) 706 - c5-0107 / 2000 - 2000 / 2071 ( cos ) ] . serie
the range of culinary delights a cod provides is extensive - and there are books written about this . gamma
the present report puts forward amendments on a range of points that address the interests of european production in general and of portuguese production in particular . insieme
what i want the commissioner to address above all in the range of measures that we have proposed here is making access to support and information easy and quick so that people running these businesses will be able to use the information effectively . ventaglio
i shall begin , with your permission , with mr morillon ' s extremely interesting report , which deals with the whole range of euro-turkish relations and , more specifically , with the progress report presented by the commission in 1999 , a few weeks prior to the helsinki european council . euroturche
how much more desirable and acceptable would be the goal of a looser community of nation-states trading freely and acting in unison over a limited range of policy areas and how much easier it would then be to accommodate a country such as turkey . commerciano
since the last discharge procedure the court has adopted 24 special reports containing the results of audits which focus on a wide range of specific areas in which the community 's financial management can be improved . serie
member states are responsible for managing 80 % of the expenditure and a range of errors has been found by the court at member state level . serie
- ( fr ) the morillon report on turkey ' s accession to the european union serves , above all , to remind the turkish government that it must open up the turkish market to european capital by carrying out ' structural reforms ' ranging from ' dismantling state subsidies to reorganising pensions and accelerating privatisation ' : in other words , by reducing social budgets and by making the living conditions of the most destitute sections of the population even worse . vanno
supplementary health insurance schemes must provide protection against the risk of bankruptcy , insolvency and fraud , but should not serve as an excuse for limiting the range of services provided by statutory health insurance . cautelarsi
as an example , as far as the differences in the role played by voluntary and supplementary health insurance is concerned , the coverage of the population by voluntary or supplementary health insurance mechanisms ranges from under 0.5 % in sweden to more than 85 % in france . integrativi
in relation to its safety , let me repeat that there is an extensive range of controls already in place to ensure that mbm does not pose a threat of transmission of bse . gamma
if you aim for these targets , there is a curious range of percentages between 6 % and nearly 80 % in different member states . gamma
on the basis of its shared roots , it must discover the broad range of its possible courses of development and the multiple possibilities that its project presents , by opting for peace , freedom and solidarity and also by responding to the age-old requirement of self knowledge . traiettorie
above all , i wish to emphasise that , as someone who has always advocated the idea of community policing , which is the method employed in the united kingdom , i would welcome the fact that this british idea is finding ever more support in a range of countries in so-called " continental europe " . insieme
i shall conclude , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , by saying that i am convinced that , with the adoption of this regulation that has a limited range but which is of symbolic value and important practical application , i am convinced , i repeat , that we are taking an initial , important step towards bringing the european union closer to the citizens , particularly those citizens who , because of the circumstances of their lives , have had the misfortune to experience the tragedy of separation or divorce , which is always a tragedy , but portata
it is now the eve of its conclusion and we are aware of the progress which has been made , the partial results which have been achieved , but frankly , over almost ten months of a major intergovernmental conference , there has been no rapprochement of the positions , mr védrine , and no definition of agreements , not to mention the fact that some of the topics indicated by parliament in its resolution of 13 april , ranging from the regulation of the economy to the institutional implications of the common defence policy , have not even been avvicinate
we should include not only trade in goods but also the corresponding trade in services , as well as investments , intellectual property and competition , in the range of matters which are subject to qualified-majority voting in the council of ministers and amend article 133 ( 1 ) of the treaty accordingly . attinenti
i would remind you of the wide range of tasks that this covers : humanitarian aid , the evacuation of nationals , conflict prevention and also the separation by force of the warring parties . separazione
neglect of this wide range of instruments of non-military conflict prevention would turn out to be a mistake in the long run , and in that respect i am dissatisfied with the council 's statements to the effect that we have already taken decisions , but that things will move in this general direction . NULL
as a result , public opinion and our parliaments , including this one , will begin to give deeper political thought to the issues involved in resolving crises by a whole range of means , of which armed force is but one component . gamma
although industrial and radioactive discharges continue from a range of sources , the practice of direct dumping with little thought for the future is now widely regarded as unacceptable . rilasci
in many cases , the victim is the object of a crime in the territory of a member state other than their usual state of residence , which means that their problems and suffering are exacerbated and complicated by a whole range of circumstances which are negative , but common and constant , in the treatment of victims : a lack of communication owing to ignorance of the language , a lack of information , loneliness , a lack of protection in certain areas in which each state has preserved its own legal system . accumularsi
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the report before us today is the result of an initiative by the portuguese presidency and is part of a range of measures designed to promote the creation of an area of freedom , security and justice , in order to provide a useful response to the everyday concerns of the european public . insieme
the clearest gauges of its limited success are the announcement of another intergovernmental conference in 2004 and the quality and import of the subjects at the centre of the post-nice debate , which range from the distribution of competences within the union to the value of the charter of fundamental rights . riparto
yet the freedom which the reintroduction of capitalism has brought russia is freedom only for a narrow range of bureaucrats left over from the previous regime to pillage natural resources and transfer the proceeds to western banks . fascia
the option of deploying a rapid reaction force exists for the whole range of crisis management missions , the petersberg missions as defined in article 17 ( 2 ) of the treaty on european union , humanitarian and evacuation missions , peacekeeping missions and combat troop missions for crisis management , including peacemaking missions . gamma
fortunately , there is a directive in place which prescribes transparency for public companies , and i can assure you that gross subsidies will be monitored at very close range . rilevanti
it is a form of production which takes place in a range of special community regions , the outermost regions , which suffer a range of difficulties in competing in the markets and one of whose few products is precisely this one - the banana . serie
it will be reporting to this summit on a broad range of biotech issues . serie
however , on account of the wide range of vat rates , it will be necessary , as our rapporteur rightly proposes , to distribute vat revenue fairly among the member states by means of a clearing system . gamma
i personally tabled an amendment on the harmonisation of vat rates , which would correct the effects of unfair competition resulting from third country operators ' power to choose when it comes to registering , since there is a very broad range of vat rates available to them - between 15 and 25 % - while domestic operators have no choice . fascia
in order to exploit the strong european position in mobile telephony and digital tv it is key for a new range of services to emerge . gamma
the budget for this proposal has been the subject of some debate with a wide range of views expressed about the appropriateness of the eur 12.4 m originally proposed by the commission . ampia
mr president , as the rapporteur points out very effectively , the cautionary or precautionary principle - even though the rapporteur differentiates between the two - is laid down in several international agreements , ranging from rio 1992 , to the protection of the north sea and , more recently , in the montreal biosecurity protocol . partire
once again , in the haste and improvisation of the last night of the council , very wide ranging measures that had not previously been discussed were adopted , such as the appointment by qualified majority of the president and the members of the commission , which was not even mentioned for information only in the summary distributed by the presidency before the council . improvvisazione
in great britain , which has for the moment decided to protect its national heritage in the form of the pound sterling , only 14 % of young people in the 18-24 age range wish to give up the pound . 24
mr president , i would like to start by giving my thanks to the court of auditors for its very useful report this time on a range of issues . serie
there are clearly a range of areas where the commission has yet to act to improve matters . NULL
mr president , this debate covers ten special reports by the court of auditors on subjects of such varied kinds and importance that they range from a study of the principal of additionality in structural actions to a specific and thorough analysis of the community cereals policy . spaziano
sometimes there is talk , in general terms , of the full range of sme support , and sometimes the individual components of the asap are cited in different contexts . ampiezza
yet the concept of an sme continues to apply to a catch-all category embracing a wide range of company structures and situations .  
the plan is , at this stage , a draft which is likely to be subject to modifications following the wide consultation under way involving a wide range of stakeholders . gamma
on a separate but related matter , i was quite disturbed to read that depleted uranium shells have been fired into the irish sea by british ministry of defence forces at the solway firth between england and scotland and also at a range on the cumbrian coast , just seven miles from a british nuclear plant . poligono
the eu must be able to respond quickly in emergency situations with a wide and well-attuned range of instruments at its disposal . gamma
they perform a very important role in the social life of villages and rural communities , promoting a whole range of activities and participating in local associations . gamma
we have two years before 31 december 2002 to consider and make a decision on a common policy which , according to the european commission ' s tally , raises 18 questions , ranging from free access to territorial waters , the control and management of the market in fishery and aquaculture products to international fisheries agreements , scientific research into fish stocks and the specific characteristics of the mediterranean . passando
a wide range of ngos got an opportunity to set out their views with regard to key country and thematic concerns and this input will no doubt prove helpful to the deliberation process . parere
a range of measures have been mooted there , which the european union strongly supports . serie
here , as we all know , we need a whole range of regulatory , political measures to ensure that intermodal transport really has a viable future . intermodale
reforms in training ( for example , driving lessons for school age children , or emergency braking in driving schools ) , systematisation of the active and passive safety components right from the bottom of the range by means of tax incentives to car manufacturers , or even the modification of the infrastructure by completely eliminating the ' black spots ' , are the real issues of any intelligent road safety policy . dispositivi
it is therefore essential to plant a diverse range of species . alberi
the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy gave its unanimous opinion on this range of questions . vari
therefore , ladies and gentlemen , there is still reason to be hopeful that we may either reach a definitive agreement - a faint hope , to be honest , since there is little chance of reaching a definitive agreement by sunday - or that we may gain an explicit commitment from both sides on a range of parameters so that , whatever the situation in israel and the territories after 6 february , there will always be a range of commitments that have been agreed on , accepted by both sides , which means that we will not have serie
i believe that as a result , parliament , together with the council and the commission , has established the framework for an attractive railway sector , which will offer a wider range of customer-orientated , cross-border freight services in the future . ampia
we are in favour of a debate , but a debate that is well-organised and which gives us the opportunity to hear from a wide range of moral authorities as well as experts , since we believe that this is a crucial ethical debate . serie
maritime safety affects a range of sectors and i believe that it is particularly important that the title of this committee includes terms which relate to prevention of pollution from ships . vari
we have to go on extending our remit to cover the whole range of maritime traffic which , as i have said on previous occasions , has changed out of all recognition over the last hundred years , in terms of the number of vessels , the number of tonnes of materials being transported and the nature and quality of those materials . panorama
i wish to state that my group firmly supports the commission ' s everything but arms initiative , which will enable the 48 poorest countries in the world to export a limitless range of products . eccetto
it is extremely important that the range of exceptions should be limited . portata
these regulations will bring together in a single substantive legal text a wide range of measures which are currently based on safeguard provisions of community veterinary legislation . gamma
the trial raises a number of issues ranging from the absurd matter of having such a vague and , with regard to freedom of speech and opinion , unclear paragraph such as section 312 in the penal code , to the evidence and the background to the case . vanno
the hunger strike in turkish prisons - i myself spoke a short time ago with prisoners , their families and lawyers and a range of politicians when i travelled as part of a delegation to istanbul - is an expression of a conflict which should belong to the past and which it will not be possible to solve until turkey no longer opposes cultural , ethnic and political pluralism but instead uses these as a positive force in the development of a turkish democracy . numerosi
what is worth noting and justifies the group ' s request for the matter to be referred back to committee is the fact that no light has been shed anywhere , either in the commission ' s proposal or in mrs müller ' s report , on this crucial issue of where authority basically lies , and i would refer to a whole range of decisions from the european court of justice concerning this line of demarcation . serie
in addition to implementing this range of measures , it is important for the commission to take account of the statistical information , studies and actions produced by international organisations such as the oecd or the international labour organisation . NULL
the commission 's report will look closely at the full range of issues that have characterised macao 's daily life during the first year of the sar 's existence . ras
the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport has called unanimously in its opinions on the various reports for care to be taken in all regulations on electronic communications networks and services so as to ensure that no conditions are attached to access which might , in the final analysis , have an adverse effect on the broad range of content .  
in plain text this means , for example , that in order to safeguard pluralism and a variety of opinions , the widespread dissemination of a range of content to a wide public must be guaranteed under a ' must carry ' obligation , with the member states alone responsible for putting the flesh on the bones of such a regulation . copertura
following the result recently achieved with the adoption of the regulation on local loop unbundling , it is now time to find an initial solution to a situation in which any company operating on the european electronic communications market finds that it has to weave its way not only through the layers upon layers of directives and regulations issued over the years but also through a plethora of national regulatory authorities acting under extremely varied legislation according to a very wide range of criteria which the operator cannot even hope to predict , and it therefore finds itself in a diversi
the committee on development and cooperation has adopted a range of amendments on all three of these points , namely reproductive health , the involvement of developing countries as cooperation partners and the involvement of ngos and civil society in the decision-making process . serie
to mrs sauquillo , i would just give the information that on 9 february we had a very good meeting with a whole range of different development ngo networks in europe and at that meeting they asked us about how to organise future discussions . interrogato
as our green paper " towards a european strategy for the security of energy supply " emphasises , we feel that the euratom treaty fulfils its objectives in a whole range of areas . serie
this has brought about major distortions within the single market and i found expressed in very different ways and words the concern about this adverse impact within the single market by a wide range of speakers from mr paisley to mr paasilinna . paisley
with the mass influx of immigrants who escaped the conflicts and the attendant dangers in former yugoslavia , europe was , for the first time since the second world war , faced with forced migration on a scale which was , both qualitatively and quantitatively , outside the range of our experience hitherto . yugoslavia
a few months earlier , the commission had presented an extensive strategy report in which it set out an approach to fraud prevention at a wide variety of levels and which contained a wide variety of instruments ranging from checks on legislation , in order to make it less susceptible to fraud , to a proposal for a european public prosecutor which the commission put forward in nice and which was unfortunately not accepted by the heads of state and government at that stage . partire
i tried to ensure that europe ' s linguistic diversity was represented in the range of projects that were selected , and i am very pleased to see that things are getting off the ground and that , perhaps due to the european year of languages or perhaps because the time is right , we are adopting a more flexible approach to the language issue . scelta
the original commission proposal to amend the 1998 directive was not what you would call a runaway success : standardisation was poor and existing installations were kept outside the range of the directive . blanda
it does not hold us to anything and does provide a range of interesting ideas . fornisce
at the same time , a strict deterioration clause applies ; impacts and measures that cause deterioration of a water body are prohibited , unless the member state invokes one of the limited derogation clauses , which in turn are subject to meeting a range of conditions , including the environmental impact and economic analysis mentioned . causerebbero
biotechnologies are a vast sector , which ranges from the innocent use of natural fermenting agents , used since the dawn of mankind to make bread and beer , to the genetic engineering of human beings , which touches on the very essence of mankind in all its intimacy and heredity , leaving behind individuality in a bid to achieve immortality . fermentazioni
most of our colleagues are fully familiar with the problems faced by the assistants , which range from job insecurity to the difficulties of legal establishment on belgian territory , where many of them live . vanno
mr president , pvcs are plastics with a very wide range of industrial and commercial uses . plastiche
we are dealing with different points of view , which range from promoting the pvc industry right through to banning pvc . variano
but most important - and here i address the secretary-general of parliament - is the letter which the president of my group sent to the president of parliament yesterday about the absolute need to have a multi-annual plan for enlargement before the first reading of parliament 's budget so that we can get a grip on what is likely to come in terms of expenditure in linguistic services and a whole range of other matters . serie
this control extends to many areas , as the eu budget is very substantial - it amounted to eur 84 billion in 1999 - and above all it covers a wide variety of activities , ranging from support for olive oil , nuts and school milk to student exchanges ; from the development of petrol-saving cars to space research or information on the euro , from support for educating women in africa to the restructuring of the fishing fleet or to food aid after an earthquake or after a civil war . noci
in view of this wide range , which i have just listed by way of example , control of the budget process covers nearly all the commission 's activities . esempio
i will now turn to the full range of community measures in place . gamma
public administrations are generally prepared and offer the public the opportunity to use the euro in a very broad range of operations , although it is true that they could play a more significant role , acting as a catalyst for the whole of the economy , for example , by paying , public contracts or officials ' salaries in euros , something which has taken place in some member states , but not in all of them . gamma
in september , we organised an international round table in brussels , out of which came a number of recommendations , ranging from a diagnosis according to which the issue of access to key drugs involves both local systems for care provision , policies for prevention and , of course , questions of the pricing and thus the funding of medicines . partono
citizens of each member state must have access to the wide range of information concerning the factors affecting their health and on the way in which public health systems within that country meet their needs . gamma
the national interest argument is simply not sufficiently transparent since it can cover a particularly wide range of economic and / or non-economic criteria . gamma
progress in this field has run up against a number of national concerns ranging from language issues to loss of revenue for the member states ' national patent offices . vanno
i fully support measures to improve accessibility for people with disabilities in all areas of life ranging from employment to it . esistenza
the situation , of course , is that we have a wide range of very traditional and deeply rooted legal systems which are distinguished primarily by their extraordinary difference from one another .  
legislation that is suitably broad in scope must be used to safeguard the business opportunities of both the cheap carriers and those airlines that offer a greater range of services . offrono
on welfare , therapeutic and economic grounds , it is essential that european veterinarians have access to the fullest possible range of veterinary medicines to treat all food-producing animals , while at the same time keeping consumer health protection at the top of all our agendas . gamma
i am very aware of the concerns of the horse industry , particularly the thoroughbred industry , and i do not have to remind the commissioner that if a full and up-to-date range of therapies is not available , there is a real risk that foreign investment in stud and training establishments throughout europe will be lost to third countries . gamma
the commission and the council can sit back with satisfaction , and the european parliament has negotiated on the basis of its own interest in achieving access to a range of confidential documents without guaranteeing that a single document will be delivered . serie
there are many areas to cover , ranging from the widespread local use of microwave systems to interactive ' broadband ' services , from the need to make the internet more user-friendly by making it possible to access it without a computer , to the aspects of network security , which have already been studied on a number of occasions . interattivi
eight : not just processes emanating from above , but interaction with society owing to the wide range of circumstances and the complexity of the problems involved .  
to achieve this objective , the directive sets out a range of requirements . serie
it goes without saying that this wide range of aquatic environments will require widely differing sets of rules . norme
in principle , the committee on agriculture too welcomes this initiative , although of course it has formulated a whole range of reservations . serie
in view of the commission ' s proposal that there should be a ceiling to this financial liability of classification societies , the european parliament has attempted to find a compromise with the council ' s position by providing an option , so that instead of a fixed limit there can be a range within which each member state can choose its own most fitting or most appropriate ceiling . intervallo
nor should we forget washington 's refusal to sign the agreement on nuclear testing , which the united states regards as applying to all states except itself , and a whole range of other agreements that show that washington wants to tie down every state in the world without being bound in any way itself . tanti
this is all the more shocking because the 48 ldcs will act as intermediaries , flooding europe with bananas , sugar and rice from countries other than those benefiting from a wide range of preferences . inondare
subject : euro council despite earlier council decisions that the preparatory talks held prior to ecofin meetings between ministers from the 12 euro countries would be completely informal and that only euro-related issues would be discussed , the signs are increasing that such talks are becoming formalised to resemble a ' euro council ' and , in practice , by taking preliminary decisions on a range of ecofin issues , are taking over real power from ecofin . scalzando
it also welcomed the intention to extend the range of mainly structural matters dealt with in this forum , with due regard for the conclusions of the luxembourg european council meeting , i.e. that the eurogroup be informal and without any decision-making powers . gamma
you stated that the council has tackled the issue of the conflict in western sahara , and that a range of measures have been taken aimed at rebuilding trust between the parties . serie
mr president , the treaty of nice is obviously open to a wide range of interpretations . molteplici
so it is hardly surprising that the no-dong i and no-dong ii weapons which have a range of 1 300 kilometres have been sold to iran , syria and pakistan or that the north koreans are giving military aid to the congo , iran , ethiopia and syria . gittata
the problem will be if they continue to test the taepodong , which will have a range of something between 4 000 and 6 000 kilometres . gittata
sustainable development is also about a whole range of methods . panoplia
we must be committed to ensuring the widest range of opinions and values , and that they are nurtured , expressed and considered because debate can only increase knowledge and improve the quality of decisions . alimentati
eures contributes to making the european employment market more flexible and increasingly mobile and provides a range of opportunities for vocational training in cross-border regions . gamma
i can therefore support the basic ideas of the klamt report , although i share mrs sörensen ' s concern that , with this proposal too , the mafiosi , which have a genuine vested interest in this kind of activity , will continue to remain too much out of range . tiro
on the contrary , the swedish presidency has followed the nice declaration fully in actively trying to stimulate an important debate on the future of the european union through a wide range of initiatives . intraprendenza
i disagree entirely with mr poettering , when he says that nuclear power must be included in the range of options . antiquata
the complexity and the lack of clarity of the nice treaty allowed a huge range of issues to be tagged onto the debate during the irish referendum , issues relevant and irrelevant to nice , causing concern and fear among the people , which resulted in a huge abstention with a paltry 34 % turnout , of whom 54 % voted " no " .  
it is not just people working on building sites that fall from buildings or scaffolding , it is across a range of different industries . serie
indeed the volatility of oil prices , ranging in the last 18 months from usd 10 to 34 per barrel , is as much a problem for the suppliers as it is for the consumers . oscillato
in view of the council 's downright refusal to take this amendment into account , amongst other things , we presented a substantial series of compromise solutions which ranged from the possibility of shareholders holding 20 % of the voting rights requesting that a meeting be convened to discuss defensive measures to the introduction of a clause linking the entry into force of the directive on takeover bids to the entry into force of a directive creating a sort of level playing field , that is common rules of play under european company law . andavano
third , the ecb 's forecasts must be more precise and should not be broad ranges as they have up to now ; these need to be narrowed . variazione
that is why the proposal for a directive before us should not be labelled " supplementary pension system - second pillar " , but should rather be seen for what it really is , namely a financial services product which only covers one small part of the full range of the second pillar . prenderla
the committee on citizens ' freedoms drew up a most ambitious report this year , covering a wide range of fundamental rights . numero
mr president , i should first like to congratulate mr wuori on his report , a very exhaustive report ranging from arms dealing , homosexuality and the rights of minorities to asylum , child labour and capital punishment . va
the report by the presidency , submitted to the european council in gothenburg , describes the vast range of initiatives which have already been launched in member states and candidate countries , and also by the institutions of the union . ventaglio
overall , the fact that posts are being blocked and also that unfortunately not all posts have yet been approved is not exactly making it easy for olaf to operate , and the authority does now have some really big tasks , and above all a wide range of different tasks , to cope with . serie
after consideration of existing legislation , be it on ippc , landfill or seveso , and in each case i have acted as the rapporteur at different stages of development of that legislation , it is clear that none of them can provide a comfortable solution to the range of problems presented by mining operations . testi
a regulatory committee is thus essential for the efficient implementation and the regular update of a specific range of technical elements of the proposed directive . gamma
there are certainly sound reasons for having such a range , without my explaining in more detail what i mean . farlo
what is needed in vietnam is continued progress in the country 's reform programme so that the administration learns to deal with a wider range of views and to appreciate the value of accommodating dissent in the system of government . abitui
it is also necessary , however , as the rapporteur has pointed out , to introduce a wide range of technical measures such as mesh sizes . grandezza
the range of themes covered by this process of information and consultation must be further extended , and the range must also be improved in matters of particular sensitivity for workers as a whole . inoltre
the roman-dominated common law and the nordic legal traditions are incredibly different on a range of crucial points . serie
it would appear that this reform - and it is not by chance that mr pomés ruiz mentioned the financial regulation - is , so to speak , just a castle in the air : we have been talking about it for two years but i feel that all the proposals are raising difficulties and a whole range of problems . serie
( fr ) lastly , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , although the intensive and so-called final negotiations , which took place between july 2000 and january 2001 , in locations ranging from camp david to taba , were not able to secure a framework agreement due to , on the one hand , mistakes made by all the parties involved and also because of artificially restrictive timetables , i still cannot stress enough the bold progress that was made in mapping out possible solutions to extremely delicate and highly complex issues of truly vital importance to both parties sottolineeranno
it is worth noting that by june 2001 malta had closed negotiations on over 17 different chapters , including important issues ranging from education and training to telecommunications , fisheries and consumer protection . spaziano
north-south transport would obtain a wider range of possible transit routes . aprirebbero
the aims of this package which mr watson has proposed , range from harmonisation of laws and regulations to improvement of judicial assistance , from the creation of a european search and arrest warrant to provision for the compensation of victims , and the member states of the european union should not only use it to combat the familiar forms of terrorism but should also apply it against the new forms of terror to which we were introduced at the last summit meeting and which i fear will resurface at similar events in the future . eversive
it seeks to exonerate airlines from a whole range of shortcomings by shifting fault onto airports and air traffic control , yet it is the fact that all airlines operate in order to make a profit that puts passengers at risk ; compagnie
in fact , neither the rapporteur ' s talent nor the courtesy of the chairman of this committee can make us forget that the strategy followed throughout was to drown the fundamental questions in a general debate which , ranging from moral judgments about the activities of the secret services to doubtful statements about technological matters , attempted to cover everything and everybody except echelon and those who help to run it . dai
on the other hand , the motion for a resolution is used as a pretext to address a whole range of questions that have no bearing whatsoever on the temporary committee ' s real task .  
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , today we are talking about e-mails , spamming and a wide range of other subjects . disparati
i think that the real challenge now is to think about how we want to use this technology and this range of information and advertising opportunities in future . offerta
i know people who say : i want to receive as much information as possible in a wide range of areas . settori
we have proposed a range of amendments to improve legal certainty for business , including the widening of article 10 - changes which have received widespread business support . serie
for the hundreds and thousands of haemophiliacs and all those patients with the whole range of immunodeficiency diseases , these are life threatening issues which they are faced with on a daily basis . immunodeficienza
it is proposed that such acts incur prison sentences ranging from a minimum of 2 years to 20 years of prison depending on the severity of the offence . privative
the world-wide anti-terrorism alliance must certainly address military issues to ensure safety , but it must also address all the possible forms of terrorism which exist , which range from financial to banking terrorism , and from economic , food contamination and environmental terrorism to electronic terrorism and terrorism in the form of computer hacking . vanno
however , we need also , as mrs smet has said , a much wider range of initiatives designed to tackle the structural disadvantages suffered by women on the labour market . ventaglio
for example , living next to a shooting range , with the type of noise produced there , may be a very unpleasant experience even if the range is rarely in use . poligono
only the big manufacturers who produce a wide range of engines can benefit from this . gamma
does the committee understand that a whole range of professional equipment is involved here ? gamma
four , the application of the whole range of human rights in political , social , economic and cultural terms to all people , including , of course , immigrants . e
i am happy to be able to say this here in this chamber because parliament and the european commission have been the only , rare exceptions among the institutions to pay constant attention to the issue of afghanistan : in recent years , parliament has been able to present to the member states and the council of ministers a whole range of political and other suggestions . serie
the new commission white paper on common policy not only offers current estimates of the costs of road transport , but also treats as a priority the resolution of the transport problems in the alpine regions by means of a wide range of measures which i referred to earlier . ventaglio
it is equally obvious that international collaboration with the united states and russia is essential , not just in order to reduce the huge costs but also because the question of frequencies can be regulated so as to guarantee reliability by ensuring that enough frequencies are available for galileo to provide a broad range of services . spettro
what i look for from the summit is that new projects will be called into being , such as intensive cooperation between europol and the united states security services and the networking of police databases , ranging from europol to schengen via olaf , so that these might be used against terrorism ; that eurojust should become the reality to which mr poettering has just referred , working closely with europol ; and that europol should be developed in the direction of the first pillar , with authority to conduct investigations ; and that the intergovernmental level should be abandoned archivi
the union and other countries , international institutions and other groups have developed a range of instruments and policies in an attempt to work towards these objectives . serie
a wide range of instruments should be drawn upon . the tobin levy or tax is not the magic wand allowing us to deal with all the challenges which have arisen . insieme
thirdly , the 50 % quota for european works was clearly exceeded , except in portugal , falling in a range between 53 % and 81 % . attestandosi
the council will follow turkey ' s progress from close range once the commission has submitted its report on this matter . campo
the reason that government expenditure has increased is because of the extravagant sums of money given to employers on a multitude of pretexts , ranging from direct subsidies for reducing taxes and social contributions to giving all types of support - all government authorities seem to excel at making these up . spaziano
due to the wide range of products available and the resulting risks to consumer safety and health , a new legislative approach is required . sicurezza
what is needed in vietnam is continued progress in the country ' s reform programme , so that the administration learns to deal with a wider range of views and to appreciate the value of accommodating dissent in the system of government . gamma
i would like to make clear that among the wide range of regional associations or groups of countries with which the european union maintains relations , the group of overseas countries and territories , the ptoms to use the french term , is certainly the most heterogeneous of all . ventaglio
in this area , a range of measures relating to the working environment , skill development etc. is needed if we are going to be able to increase these figures . serie
credible estimates suggest that the costs of implementation in the uk alone could range between eur 15 and 30 billion . oscillare
this proposal , the first of its kind , could see everyday citizens involved in and having say about issues ranging from air quality to the protection of water . spaziano
however , this is an area in which there has been a vast difference between the general decisions taken and the implementation of the decisions in subsequent individual councils , with regard to liberalisation and market reform , speeding up innovation , and projects ranging from the creation of the single air space to the establishing of the community patent , areas in which we are still extremely behind schedule . va
for this reason , although we are aware of the whole range of problems , dangers and possibilities that this accession brings , our group supports these two proposals without reservation . i
in addition , when you look down the list of the " forty good practices " , you notice that they are minor low-level gimmicks - ranging from the early labelling of prices in euros to longer opening hours at bank counters - whose effect can only be marginal . vanno
commissioner lamy 's speech yesterday leads us to conclude that , even though he is striving to present a wide range of objectives for future negotiations ( liberalisation , regulation , the involvement of developing countries , the taking into account of sustainable development ) , liberalisation is still indeed the primary objective . rosa
the questions that were raised in the discussions in this connection are concerned with a number of aspects and possibilities , ranging from extensification and environmental concerns to the development of quality products , improvement of marketing structures and the creation of producer groups . vanno
the fisheries agreements are exceedingly important to certain regions of europe in which , in addition to jobs in the sector itself , there is a range of additional businesses dependent upon fisheries . molte
it is to this banal sentence that we can reduce the foundation document of the european transparency initiative , called into being by a very wide range of parliamentarians and people in public life across europe and only now beginning to become effective on the basis of regulation 1049 / 2001 and the adjustments which we in this parliament are now making to it . costitutivo
the further extension later in the amendment that broads out the range of documents from members which count as parliamentary documents is helpful as well . ventaglio
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i will first thank the rapporteur , who has analysed this very technical report with great expertise and proposed a range of editorial amendments that we can all support . serie
we could have well done without the huge number of hideous television pictures we have seen of animals suffering in a wide range of appalling situations . preda
however , our situation is quite out of the ordinary , involving 120 thousand farms and a flourishing processing industry with business activities ranging from slaughter to packing , which would be greatly compromised by such a measure . insaccamento
in the summer , i presented the report on the steps the commission had either taken , or proposed to the legislature , to combat fraud , ranging from regulations on money laundering via customs measures through to the proposal for a european public prosecutor for financial offences . dai
i am sure that only a fraction of these legal transactions will have been cross-border , and i am equally sure that these transactions , ranging from lapland to sicily , from scotland to bavaria , will have been conducted according to totally different traditions and customs . franconia
the aim is to guarantee high standards of quality and safety , range of provision and continuity in a healthy price / service ratio . ampiezza
ports are clearly a very important factor when we discuss fulfilment of the kyoto commitments in as much as they can ease the pressure on land transport and make things easier in a wide range of other areas . numerosi
as i have long maintained , and as i confirmed yesterday at the college of europe in bruges , we need to move beyond and expand the range of instruments available to the euro-mediterranean partnership , the partnerships with russia and ukraine , and our stability efforts in the balkans . gamma
subject : threat to nuclear facilities in the aftermath of 11 september will the commission establish the appropriate institutional instruments to prepare , within six months , a thorough analysis of a range of options for reducing the threat posed by deliberately crashing aircraft and other acts of malice at nuclear facilities , including the prospective benefits of transferring spent fuel to dry storage facilities that are robust against acts of malice , and suspending reprocessing until stocks of liquid high-level radioactive waste have been vitrified or otherwise used as part of an immobilisation programme for surplus plutonium ? serie
many differences may be noted at member state level as well , ranging from the age limits set , which differ significantly from one country to another , to the specific provisions governing certain sectors , such as financial activities and drinks advertising . vanno
on the basis of all the reports available , at the end of november , the ministers will have to decide and adopt a resolution , and then i shall ensure that this resolution is followed up with deeds , in other words that these ministers will make sure that their national or regional education systems , depending on the country , will provide the greatest possible range of languages , and from as early an age as possible . numero
however , what we do not support is the unnecessary expansion , the complicated procedures of expansion , the extension to too vast a range of substances , the use of scientific grounds which are too vague as the basis for forming opinions , which is what the schörling report advocates . gamma
the analysis of the pricing of irrigation water is complex , due to the wide range of agricultural uses in the european union and also regional differences in the need and availability of water for agricultural usage . irrigazione
such targets cannot take account of the considerable variations and circumstances between member states , so we will end up with an even bigger range of results than we have now , creating trade barriers and distorting competition . ventaglio
i was delighted at the adoption of a large number of my own amendments , ranging from exemptions for the travel industry , to recognition of the role of the computer and the internet and the future role of e-commerce for insurance , as well as safeguards for a three-yearly review of eligibility for registration , and protection for businesses located offshore outside the eu . ubicate
it has to be said on this point that the budget for this sixth research framework programme ranges between the right limits . poggia
we , the members of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , were very concerned that research should not be confined to an elite . rather , when it comes to building the european research area , research should be shared amongst younger researchers , a range of relevant institutions , and universities . dalle
concentration on other topics has meant , as mrs fraisse has already explained , that there has been less research into gender issues and less emphasis upon opening science and research to the full range of people with the right potential . campo
we welcome the emphasis on looking for european added value , not scattering the limited funds over the whole range of research carried out . gamma
parliament has been able to open this project up in more directions , extending its range of priorities to territories that , up until now , were not covered or that were not considered important . tralasciati
moreover , the commission hastened to take measures to improve aviation security , ranging from access to the cockpit to luggage checks .  
the report therefore recommends the rigorous control of chemicals available on the market , testing prior to any distribution of these products - and the withdrawal of any products that do not pass these tests - and a range of restrictive measures for manufacturers and commercial distributors , intended to force them to guarantee minimum safety standards . serie
the european chemicals industry has been consulted far too late , and its attempts at self-regulation ( e.g. product stewardship , the long range research initiative and " confidence in chemicals " ) have been completely ignored by the rapporteur in this report . raggio
i am very pleased that the white paper will be followed up with a range of legislative proposals by the commission and i look forward with great interest to seeing them . serie
the funds are already being used for a range of support measures including temporary shelter , beds , clothing and blankets , water , sanitation and medical assistance . serie
they face a wide range of barriers , including different forms of discrimination .  
i should also say that we believe that it makes sense to leave the funding ratio at 50 % of activities at national level because this will allow for more events while , at the same time , allowing governments to take additional action in a range of policies . spettro
i hope that it is possible to find a solution on the basis of the proposal that the commission presented on creating a range of penalties and sanctions for the individual offences listed in articles 1 and 2 of the commission proposal , with greater flexibility to adapt them to the scale of penalties in force in the national legislation of each member state . griglia
the commission is considering the possibility of issuing a communication on these aspects that could cover a huge range of factors . gamma
we need direct injection diesel engines and direct injection petrol engines that have a wide range of lean burn . iniezione
we believe that public support for research is vital in order to ensure that the results benefit as broad a range of people as possible and , indeed , the whole world . numero
i am pleased to say that at the common position stage , we have a clear indication in a separate article about the importance of member states providing for disabled users on a wide range of services , in particular ensuring that disabled users have the sort of choice and range of services that all other consumers expect . gamma
that is something that we have added in at this stage because it seemed to us that it was all very well having some common provisions but unless we have a way of monitoring those and making sure that those evolve with the rest of the range of services involved , then things might just stand still . gamma
what matters to the committee on culture , therefore , is that the whole wide range of europe 's cultural diversity should find a place on the networks and not be merely subject to the laws of the market and of competition . portata
by these means alone will member states and participants in the market have the legal security to guarantee services of general interest and only thus will the provision of the full range of services for everyone be guaranteed in terms of both supply and demand . spettro
some of you have followed the export subsidies saga from very close range . saga
before doha we did not have a pre-negotiated agenda ; after doha we have to deal with a whole range of claims put forward by the southern countries . prenegoziata
as for proceedings , the european public prosecutor should be able to draw on the broad range of national investigation instruments . gamma
cooperation is being strengthened across a range of sectors . serie
i am pleased at the range of measures that he has outlined . insieme
the purpose of this range of dialogues is to draw up public recommendations addressed to the commission and to the us government , which , on a rotational basis , present their recommendations to the political leaders at the eu-us summits . NULL
since we are engaging with a number of people from the business world , with trade unions , with non-governmental organisations , we have a whole range of bodies that are contributing to trade policy , part of which is the dialogue on trade . insieme
the demands of the developing countries and of the africans - ranging from the need for comprehensive technical aid to the cotonou agreement 's exceptions up to 2008 - have very largely been met . derogatorie
the eu has been taking part in the korean peninsula energy development organisation ( kedo ) and has offered a range of humanitarian and economic assistance to north korea . peninsula
two hundred and fifty fully recognised partnerships and 250 partnerships with a limited range of statutory benefits would , for instance , generate total annual costs of under eur 3 million . gamma
a european union which is able to act with one voice and independently in different scenarios and regions and which is able to employ a wide range of political , economic , commercial , civil and military measures which will allow it to achieve its foreign policy objectives . ventaglio
this is a wide and diverse group with a lot of political philosophies , which stretch across the whole range , but they have in common the fact that they all have a political mandate , they have all been supported by thousands , indeed often millions of people in various ballot boxes in different countries . spazia
although it does need some fine-tuning , the framework of the single market , together with the stability pact - an economic constitution which many countries like italy did indeed lack - is broad enough to be able to embrace , without conflict or contradiction , a transparent range of options between which it is left to the individual countries to decide .  
a parliamentary resolution has already pointed out that the central guideline for the exchange policy should not be a strong or weak euro but a stable euro , varying , of course , within a range in a way that is not destabilising . banda
for example , in germany , my homeland , a so-called ' tariff fidelity law ' is under discussion , which will in fact - and i share mr kuhne 's view on this - mean that tendering will not be on the basis of the generalised collective agreements - which are like laws that one must obey - but rather on the basis of tariff agreements , ranging from regional down to in-house , a condition that will make it possible to put a contract out to tender in such a way that only one enterprise ends up being kuhne
a number of amendments add to the broad range of electronic means available to contracting authorities , namely amendments nos 23 , 54 and 65 concerning reverse electronic auctions , as well as amendments nos 74 and 104 , which deal with the integrity and confidentiality of data supplied by operators . NULL
various amendments which i would describe as explanatory and which deal with a range of subjects are also acceptable , namely amendments nos 7 , 125 in part , 18 , 142 , 26 , 30 , 35 , 46 in part , 70 , 113 , 114 , 121 , 132 , 153 , 169 , 170 and 171 . vari
various amendments which i would describe as clarificatory and which deal with a range of subjects are also acceptable , namely amendments nos 22 , 30 , 53 , 113 in part , and 117 . vari
the committee on fisheries has also rejected the extension of the exclusive access zone beyond the current range of 6-12 miles . 12
the question of recognition of a wider range of collateral in the irb approach has received a good deal of attention during 2001 . gamma
a key focus of the commission 's efforts lies in ensuring that the specific features of the european union context , including the wider range of institutions to which the regime will apply , are fully reflected in this new regime . gamma
a dedicated working structure has been established to assist in developing concrete proposals that should address eu concerns , in particular as regards the application of the capital framework to a wide range of institutions , including smaller banks and investment firms . gamma
it is vital that this risk-sensitive framework should be potentially applicable to a wide range of credit institutions , both large and small . gamma
mr karas , and mrs villiers as well , have referred to a number of fundamental problems , especially with regard to the various financing structures in europe , and we still have a whole range of problems to resolve . serie
and today , the european dimension of this fight is clear to see in actions that range from the adoption of legal instruments to combat the manufacture of drugs , the trafficking of drugs and money-laundering to cooperation with producer countries and promoting the prevention of drug addiction and the fight against it , involving treatment , rehabilitation and even the development of information and coordination networks between member states . vanno
we are here to talk , for we are a parliament in which it must be possible to express the whole range of opinions . diverse
the european arrest warrant applies to a wider range of offences than previous extradition agreements . insieme
the added value of this european union of ours was also shown by the speed with which the european institutions , in particular the commission and the council , responded to the terrorist attack on 11 september with a whole package of measures ranging from the definition of the common offence via the european arrest warrant , to facilities such as joint investigation teams in europol . va
in addition to repressive measures , it is fundamental that we look at and try to address the root causes - poverty , war , oppression and a whole range of issues - that lead to terrorism . serie
. ( pt ) i felt obliged to vote against the napolitano report although i acknowledge that its resolution reflects a range of positive concerns about the role of national parliaments , both in exercising control over their governments , especially when these governments are involved in defining and implementing european policy , and in producing this policy . serie
although the legislative minipackage for developing the constitutional reforms adopts a more restrictive definition of the offence of promoting terrorism and provides greater guarantees for prisoners awaiting trial , at the same time extremely vague concepts have been introduced and even , in some cases , the range of punishable actions has been increased , as well as the fact that limits are continuing to be set on the right of association and the right to demonstrate , which is totally incompatible with current practices in the european union . ventaglio
to this end , the commission offers turkey a range of training programmes , which are eagerly taken up . serie
the partnership and cooperation agreements that we have signed with each of the three countries provide a unique platform for cooperation in a broad range of fields , from political dialogue , trade and investment , to relations with civil society . gamma
you are doubtless also aware that there is scope for the programme to cater for a wide range of new beneficiaries , as soon as they are in a position to develop cultural actions and to set up a project . gamma
in addition , a wide range of affected sectors in europe have a formal relationship with the commission in this regard through efrag , the european financial reporting advisory group , which has been established for this purpose . gamma
the space occupied by religion in a social and political whole must involve a very broad range of possibilities . vario
the amendments adopted by the committee improve the common position on a range of points , and i am pleased about the support which many have said they will give . serie
firstly : it is quite clear , also from what was agreed at the summit , that the phasing out of tobacco subsidies must be accompanied by an appropriate range of alternatives . offerta
this directive gives consumers in europe the support of a legal framework that attaches great value to product safety and responsible labelling without restricting the range of products on shop and supermarket shelves . gamma
the russian government has raised a range of issues on the problems of access , cross-border travel and energy supply . serie
the applicant countries have made substantial progress in meeting the copenhagen criteria , with regard both to the transposition of legislation and to the implementation of new european regulations and directives covering a wide range of economic and social sectors . serie
the one must be dealt with separately from the other , although that does not mean that there is not a whole range of requirements and rules to be complied with by both sides . serie
the european public will thus be able to have peace of mind when choosing vitamins and mineral supplements from the huge range of products currently available on the market , without having to worry constantly about damaging their health . gamma
the reaction against this ranges from indian farmers calling for an increase in tariffs to protect themselves from cheap food imports , through to steel workers , including fully restructured uk steel workers , who find that they will now still be unable to compete with romanian steel exports . per
in particular , the provisions on material holdings are unduly harsh and would unduly restrict banks and insurance companies in investing in a range of equities . serie
this house has made it very clear that it wishes that investors be given access to a wide range of different equities . serie
the commission 's proposal applies a " one size fits all " framework designed for large equity issues to the diverse range of european financial markets . vari
that should be our objective , together with the minimum requirement for uniform definitions in tax law , ranging from the basis of assessment to definitions of profit . partire
at the moment it is not balanced because , whilst on the european side the range of ideologies and political sensitivities that make up the european parliament are represented , the acp countries have only one vote per country ; a vote which obviously represents the authorities ' opinions ; it is not balanced in terms of equality between the sexes either . ideologie
i do not know at the moment whether it is possible to add a little trust and calm to the situation , but i would say that the european union has - where the problem of colombia is concerned - the advantage of distance and , furthermore , the willingness it has always shown to help colombia with its exports , for example , in a range of key sectors . serie
most of the election observers have come to the conclusion that the elections did not reflect the will of people of zimbabwe and list a whole range of shortcomings in the election process . serie
first of all , there has been a range of considerations and requests in relation to the unilateral decision of the united states to suspend imports of spanish clementines into the us . serie
to conclude , there is a range of actions that the commission has been asked to undertake : to rapidly put forward proposals to compensate those affected ; secondly , to seek to resolve the dispute with the united states as quickly as possible , because we cannot start the next season with this problem unsolved since that would have extremely serious consequences ; and , thirdly , in the event that a solution is not found , the united states must be called to account before the wto . NULL
in the course of that meeting , i stressed our parliament 's desire to develop a new , more mature partnership and dialogue with the european council on a wide range of issues . gamma
clearly , in the sustainable inclusive economy there are a whole range of different issues in terms of having the human and financial resources available . serie
firstly , anyone who is acquainted with the range of europe 's social democrats and their historical background over the past ten to fifteen years should not make statements about such diversity in the way that mr schulz just has . ventaglio
the council proposal is intended to extend the range of offences liable to cross-border surveillance by adding to them organised fraud , offences in connection with the trafficking in human beings , the laundering of proceeds from organised crime and dealing in radioactive materials . quali
mr mccartin , your report on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for the financial year 2000 reflects the wide range of the commission 's activities , the risks and sources of error specific to each of them , the measures that need to be taken and also , of course , the deficiencies in the way the budget was managed . ventaglio
the report makes 144 demands of the commission , ranging from the demand that it should submit reports on administrative measures it has taken , to the demand that it should amend laws . spaziano
the decisions we have made in recent years , ranging from the treaty of amsterdam by way of cologne to the present day , were outstanding , but their implementation is still , in many areas , deplorable in the extreme . partire
there is a range of issues that have been on the table for a long time : the role of china in the far east , its relations with the asem countries and other parts of asia , its internal political situation and its political , trade and cultural relations with the european union . NULL
our range of concerns about relations with taiwan also falls into this category . rientrano
there is a range of views in this house about the military needs of the continent . del
nato should be the military security organisation of first resort not only for collective defence , but also for the full range of military crisis response operations . operazioni
instead , the priority should be to maximise the operational effectiveness of our own armed forces in the context of the full range of threats we now confront . massimizzare
the commission must also take advantage of this range of packages - which it presented to parliament in good time - to review the legal and conceptual criteria of hygiene and safety . NULL
he rang me before i came into the chamber asking me if it would be possible to do that ; it is in your hands . NULL
it must also be possible to make risk capital available in instalments ranging from eur 5 000 to eur 10 000 rather than only from eur 5 million upwards . tranche
we also know that many children and young people , in an age when adults have not mastered the whole range of technical options , are ahead of their parents in that respect . sfruttare
however , we believe that , although the commission communication covers a wide range of aspects , it fails to give adequate consideration to the scale of the issue or , therefore , to its future assessment . esaustivo
we have lent all our political weight to diplomatic efforts , which range from presidency declarations and contacts with all the parties involved , to supporting general zinni 's mission a few weeks ago and of course supporting the mission to the region by the american secretary of state , mr powell , and also our visits on the ground , such as the one that is taking place today . vanno
there are a broad range of projects which we can support , involving the promotion and protection of human rights and support for democracy and good governance in developing countries . ventaglio
from the structural funds or the leonardo programmes to the external action programmes , they cover the whole range of budgetary needs for payments . ventaglio
now , the european parliament and the commission , in particular , have firmly upheld the need to cancel this debt , not least in the wake of the jubilee 2000 campaign in which a range of different political , civil and religious organisations and movements - led by the holy see - vehemently demanded the complete cancellation of the debt . jubilee
i welcome the efforts of the commission , whose communication proposes an operational framework for european tourism as well as a range of measures and actions to be implemented by the various players involved . serie
if we extend a tried and tested programme , and we manage to avoid the usual problems inherent in getting a new programme off the ground , we can draw on the experience and know-how of tempus , incorporating the improvements that have been made to it over time and which will no doubt encourage rapid diversification in the range of university studies available as well as cooperation between euro-mediterranean partners . offerta
in addition , and this is important , by widening the range of participants beyond the traditional academic community to secure the involvement of political leaders and civil society in general , we shall be encouraging a kind of cooperation in higher education that could play a key role in changing attitudes by affording an opportunity for the young generations to compare their respective values and national cultures . gamma
the involvement of the widest possible range of fora is intended to create a local dimension in addition to the supranational and national ones , in order to make it possible to consider citizens ' needs at an earlier stage . svariati
european youth organisations , especially the european youth forum , made a substantial contribution to the gestation of the white paper , in which we now call on all actors , ranging from researchers to municipalities by way of the national representatives , to develop new forms of participation which should also be for young people outside youth organisations . attori
conceivable options range from youth parliaments and conventions to competitions in schools and sport clubs . e
despite the range of european student exchange programmes , for example , there are huge discrepancies between education systems . portata
although the framework programme successfully identifies a whole range of leading-edge subjects for modern research , its orientation is , in my view , excessively narrow , with little room for all the research sectors which deserve support to benefit from funding . NULL
a whole range of proposals made by parliament have been taken up in the common position and in the commission proposal , and there is a certain amount that we have achieved . serie
if the commission 's basic priorities are compared with the guidelines adopted by parliament , it can be seen that we are agreed on a range of points . serie
we are also agreed that we must tackle the issues of security and safety in the broad senses of those words , partly by having a full discussion of how we are to manage security in europe following the terrorist attacks of last september and partly through adopting a broader perspective on the safety issues - such as food safety and transport safety - on which a range of initiatives need to be taken no later than in next year 's budget . serie
we are also agreed upon a third area , namely the need for increased focus on sustainable development in economic , social and environmental terms , which is something that will require a range of initiatives on the part of the eu . serie
we have been relatively ineffectual in this area so far , especially when it comes to implementing parliament 's initiatives on the issues of small companies , e-learning and a range of other areas within which i believe we must really step up the pace . learning
so , the promotion of sport also bolsters and enhances other community projects , ranging from the fight against racism and social exclusion , to the inclusion of disabled people . rinvigorisce
this will thereby strengthen the strategic association between the union and russia , which is based on a range of shared values , the essential components of which are democracy , the rule of law and respect for human rights . serie
for its part , the european union should , at the same time , be considering what range of options there might be for a less onerous visa system within the schengen boundaries , over and above the instances referred to in the communication . serie
the report to which i am referring contains a specific chapter dedicated to the cases in which a discretionary budgetary policy could be used , and you can read in the report that , in our opinion , this must only be used in very specific cases , affecting just one country and in a limited range of circumstances . colpiscano
this food law is based on a comprehensive and uniform concept ranging from the producer to the consumer and it creates a coherent and transparent set of food law provisions . poggia
at the madrid summit , both regions wish to take a further step , in not only a quantitative but also a qualitative sense , which would consist of a better structuring of political dialogue and a broader range of issues for discussion , which would also cover those not relating to regional problems . ventaglio
the population of latin america and the caribbean is greater than that of the europe of the fifteen - i am not talking about the enlarged europe , since that will clearly have a larger population - and on the whole it is very young , that is to say it comprises very low age ranges . basse
there has also been mention of the situation of venezuela , of central america ? it is not just one country but a whole range of countries which are not in a position to progress , and - as mr obiols i germà said - they have practically been forgotten . insieme
mr posselt , i would very much like to be able to tell you right now when the decision on the headquarters of the european police college will be taken , but i am afraid that this is not an issue on which a quick decision can be made , because the headquarters of this college is included in a package relating to a whole range of european agencies that has been the cause of great controversy in the eu . serie
one is that all laws should be developed in line with certain principles that would apply across the board , ranging from the principle of subsidiarity to that of partnership . trasversali
in my opinion , as the volume of the convention 's work grows , so the range of communication processes used will expand and the regions will increasingly start to take on a leading role in europe 's development . cresceranno
in spite of a whole range of summits and conferences , few people can dispute that we are today a long way from achieving the objective of sustainable development . che
poverty reduction has become the overall objective of the community development policy , and food security objectives are being tackled by a broad range of policies and instruments . ventaglio
the expert mission met a wide range of central and local government representatives , as well as ngos operating in these areas . incontrata
we must demonstrate a more balanced and fair frame of mind in relation to this dossier in which many different factors are at stake , ranging from those relating to consumer safety to that of employment in all member states , as well as in the most remote regions . vanno
we therefore agree that the interests of consumers should take first place , and there are a huge range of possibilities within the common market . gamma
we really must , i think , keep exceptions to a minimum , so as to ensure that any interested party can access a broad range of information . spettro
there is a wide range of instruments which we need to use at european level . gamma
mr president , i want to thank the rapporteur for the way in which he has approached this complex issue and his willingness to entertain a wide range of reservations across the committee and where possible to approach these efficaciously ; and also my colleague , mrs van brempt , for her work on this . gamma
i just want to give the committee one example of this : ad hominem arguments are always dangerous , but i have a producer in my own area who turned to a particular plant protection range of products because he was himself alarmed by the effect of dangerous pesticides as he had seen them . gamma
the word alone gives rise to a whole range of discrepancies . molte
we all have an interest in there being a constructive relationship between the european union and the arab maghreb union , but surely that constructive relationship must be based on a whole range of aspects , including political ones . insieme
we must bear in mind the range of products that we are talking about - it is not just the cosmetics that we put on our faces ; it is also the toothpastes , the sunscreens , the baby products , the lens cleansers and so on . NULL
that precombinant synthetic blood clotting factors would bring with them a boundless range of low-priced compounds , as the pharmaceutical industry originally asserted , has quite simply not , to date , been demonstrated to be true . coagulazione
already , 8 % of adults in the european union , and 3 % of children , suffer from allergies , the effects of which can range from respiratory illnesses to life-threatening symptoms . vanno
after almost thirty years of policies aimed at reconciling economic development , the environment and social well-being , i believe that we have a pretty good knowledge of the range of instruments and measures to be applied in order to achieved balanced growth in a globalised world : transparency and openness of the markets , management of knowledge and innovation , transfer of technologies , the efficiency of our processes and products , the acceptance and application of social and environmental responsibility in all sectors ; these are some of the most important measures . ventaglio
the safeguards in the euratom treaty do indeed provide for this control , but it must also be extended , by means of the whole range of expertise within the joint research centre , to the non-proliferation of fissile materials , which can of course also be used in terrorist attacks . safeguards
the presidency intends to present a report on the current state of work on the tax package , which includes a range of initiatives on savings tax , energy tax and cooperation with tax authorities . serie
however , we do have a number of problems with the resolution , ranging from our opposition to the treaty of nice as a prerequisite of enlargement to rejection of a common asylum and immigration policy , which we believe is a prerogative of the member states , although we strongly favour bilateral cooperation designed to safeguard the integrity of our borders . vanno
nevertheless , and bearing in mind the differences of opinion between the previous government and the election-winners on a whole range of issues , such as the status law , social dialogue and public procurement for example , the possibility of changes in hungary 's position on the accession process cannot be excluded , although i do not believe that they will jeopardise this process . serie
if the last reform had had the 45 % modulation in the upper range that was once mooted , we would now have a difference of 35 % to 55 % . fascia
far from phasing out these measures , the commission 's proposal effectively doubles the level of protection for a wide range of goods , impacting especially heavily on spirits and tobacco .  
moving forward , she is right to say that we must look at a broad range of test measures . gamma
we of course support the equipping of all vehicles with abs , as we do the introduction of a range of electronic active safety devices . serie
in the final analysis we have to improve political action . that way we can bring the lisbon objectives within achievable range . avvicinarci
these groups risk severe social exclusion due to a range of technical barriers they face when using the internet . serie
the joint resolution on the seville european council once again calls on major international institutions like the un and nato to play a fire-fighting role in various conflicts , ranging from the crisis in the middle east to the border conflict between india and pakistan . pompieri
we are also glad that a range of proposals submitted by the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left have been incorporated into the report , for example the emphasis on the need to provide more funds to promote smes , and the call for an increase in the eu share in co-finance in order to take account of the calamitous gaps in terms of development . NULL
its former head of mission and great driving force , mr hans-georg wieck , has given a thumbnail description of this commitment : observation of the human rights situation and administration of justice in belarus , legal assistance for the affected families , reporting of processes and interventions in cases of violations of the law , humanitarian aid to victims of state persecution on political grounds and by administrative and criminal penalties , development of the range of action and cooperation of political parties , the forming of a coalition of parties and social forces , observation of elections , raggio
the visits that we have made with mr wiersma , mr sacrédeus , mrs schröder and other members to gauge the situation have shown that in belarus society there is a vast majority and wide range of social , political , cultural and professional forces in favour of democracy and the values of western europe , with strong desires to move their position towards the european union . ventaglio
a whole range of other uses can be added to this . moltissime
on the other hand , biofuels have a range of advantages to offer that should not be underestimated . serie
you have honoured your monetary reference values only in the breach , and in 26 out of 41 months you have allowed inflation to exceed your target range . gamma
this change will also lead to the labelling of a range of foods which do not at present have to be labelled . serie
finally , the commission will work towards integrating csr principles across the full range of european union policies : employment and social affairs , enterprise , development , trade and public procurement . gamma
ms van lancker 's report addresses a range of important issues which are amongst the most sensitive and significant health and ethical issues facing our societies today . ventaglio
these will include a range of indicators addressing various aspects of reproductive and sexual health . svariati
but there are many problems , ranging from the irish ratification of nice - though surely a plan b is already there if necessary - to the over-generous direct payments under cap to farmers and the potential for large-scale immigration , particularly by the poorly integrated and nomadic roma communities of whom there are very large numbers in eastern european countries . spaziano
hence the importance of reducing or even eliminating the 1 % ceiling proposed by the commission for labelling not to be required , bearing in mind that the proposed threshold will leave a considerable range of products that are processed and produced with gmos without labelling . numero
the european mechanical engineering sector which is subject to the machinery directive contains a very large range of products : machines , mechanical appliances and components . serie
there is good support for this legislation across europe , across parties in the committee and from a whole range of ngos across europe . schiera
some of the penalties appear to have been presented in aggregate form , making it difficult to identify the range imposed . aggregata
for example , in the case of falsification or failure to record data in logbooks the average in member states appears to range from eur 88 to eur 16 020 . 020
mr president , commissioner , i would like to thank mrs figueiredo for her work on the application of the gender equality work programme , since , as she has said and as we say continually in the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities , we still need to carry on working to achieve equality in most fields , such as equal pay and equal opportunities , despite the fact that this chamber constantly receives reports of all types covering a wide range of legislation . ranghi
mr blokland 's proposal to double the ratio of 20 as an upper limit for the levy to the ratio of 40 is also excellent , for indeed , by expanding the range from 13 to 16 db , the noisiest aircraft will also be paying more for their nuisance . gamma
in order to undertake this task , the commission makes use of a range of information from very diverse sources , paying particular attention to the data and statistics from the states members that it collects from actions undertaken by certain specialised working groups in the council . gamma
to this end , and in line with the objectives of the lisbon strategy , we must propose support for the transformation of employment contracts into permanent contracts and greater flexibility in defining the different groups of workers who will benefit , as well as adapting them to the particular characteristics of each region , and the inclusion amongst the exempted aid of aid aimed at promoting the employment of women and , finally , extending the age range , so that young workers - or those who are in the final stage of their working life - can benefit indeterminato
since its first summit six years ago , asem has been characterised by ever broader and more fruitful cooperation in a range of areas of common interest to europe and asia . gamma
asem brings together a broad range of different civilisations and cultures across geographical , ethnic , religious and socio-economic boundaries and , in that way , the asem process helps create trust between the regions . gamma
over and above these , there is a range of contacts at ministerial level and among officials . serie
with all the activities mentioned and with everything which has been said here in parliament and which , i know , is taken note of in the countries we wish to cooperate with , there is a particularly sound basis for the range of activities we are now getting under way under the danish presidency . gamma
looking at the basis for it , though , we find just six paragraphs referring to citizenship of the eu , and , on reading these , we find relatively few rights attached to it , which range from participation in local elections or in those for this parliament to diplomatic representation or the right of petition . vanno
since 1998 this service has provided information on a whole range of matters concerning the european union , thereby contributing to people knowing their rights and opportunities as citizens of the union and knowing how to take advantage of them . legato
the concept of the public has also not been defined , this wide and all-embracing concept ranging from a physical person to an association , as well as the more specific concept of the public concerned . eterogeneo
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , high-quality food is produced nowadays and it has to meet a wide range of requirements .  
permanent education is a sweeping term and can range from teaching correct manners to very technical further training courses , from infant education to university courses . andare
one was for professional incompetence , eight for serious disciplinary offences and 32 other cases attracted a range of penalties . comminati
i welcome the way that this , in view of post-11 september discussions , is not being focussed only on the victims of specific offences , but that the range is being extended and the victims in question are being granted aid to minimum standards . portata
secondly , in terms of commission reform , which was also included in this joint declaration back in december 2000 , we wanted to have a range of knowledge about how to achieve the reform . serie
in the industrial and service sector such a cut would never be accepted but farmers are expected to put up with the vagaries of world market prices which are currently at rock bottom across a range of commodities . serie
we must , therefore , give coherence to the entire range of means with which europe can act , from overcoming the differences within the council - we could begin there - to effective and personalised intervention in the name of europe in the framework of the imf , to the possibilities opened up by our preferential trade mechanisms , to financial aid and the accession agreements . insieme
a regulatory committee is necessary for the efficient implementation and the regular updating of a specified range of technical elements contained in the technical annexes to the proposed directive . gamma
however , there is a much wider range of issues at stake here . molte
this is the only way of guaranteeing in future that , on the one hand , market suppliers will be able to offer all consumers a complete range and , on the other hand , our citizens the consumers will be able to make use of what is on offer with the greatest possible freedom of choice . gamma
when the bell rang - and i did hear it in my office - i looked to the screen to see what was happening . suonato
agreement has apparently been reached on a range of issues , based upon the demands made of iraq in the security council resolutions already adopted . insieme
moreover , despite the endeavours of the presidency , we see the range of positions of the european governments described in the press every day . gamma
there is an agreement that there is a need to keep this wide range of issues within the strategy and not to narrow its scope . gamma
liberal democrats in the parliament will be joining in supporting a range of measures to broaden its scope , to extend it to include additional industrial sectors and require it to include other global warming gases in addition to co2 . ventaglio
under the present arrangements , data exclusivity in europe ranges from six to ten years , and this is in urgent need of harmonisation .  
the report seeks to broaden the range of people to whom the standards would apply and to improve conditions and rights . cerchia
that ranges from 0.3 % for my own country and 0.7 % of gnp , to finance this european policy . 3
now , the framework decision stipulates levels of penalties ranging from between one and three years for basic offences to between five and ten years in circumstances that aggravate the offence . comprese
i therefore believe that the triple aspects of the strategy are correct ; the global approach ranging from professional qualifications to the working day , from demographic trends , the general development of economic activity to that of the working population , the notion that safe and healthy working environments and organisations are factors which affect the performance of the economy in general and of companies in particular and , above all , the culture of risk prevention . comprende
there is an urgent need for a directive on the whole range of muscle and bone problems . gamma
they bring with them a wide range of highly educated , extremely interesting people , who will enrich immeasurably the territory we are shaping together , and it is precisely their contribution to the creation of a new treaty which is absolutely crucial in ensuring that this takes into account the many cultural and national aspects which should go into building the new europe . insieme
we have a wide range of instruments at our disposal to tackle the root causes of terrorism , both in terms of poverty and economic development , and of institution building and the rule of law . serie
terrorism needs to be addressed by a range of policy instruments , only one of which is military force . insieme
of the range of demands that we made , i should like to highlight the essential aspects for whose implementation the commission is responsible , and will not therefore mention anything in the field of external policy or at international level . NULL
i have , therefore , voted in favour of the entire range of proposals aimed at establishing appropriate compensation tariffs for disruption suffered by passengers as a result of overbooking practised by airlines , as part of a policy that imposes clearly-defined responsibilities on these carriers . sofferti
the category of priority projects encompasses a range of energy network projects with quite a significant impact on the completion of the internal market and which are designed to improve the security of supply . gamma
this includes a range of issues including the extension of qualified majority voting at council level , the re-weighting of votes in the council , the extension of codecision measures to the european parliament and the reform of the european commission . serie
the ceiling of eur 300 000 would affect only 1 900 of the four and a half million farms ; according to our calculations , however , the annual 3 % reduction would affect an entire range of farms , from the very small to the largest . serie
it would be ideal if the review went beyond being a disguised step backwards and instead achieved a genuine modulation that is more redistributive , in accordance with a range of criteria , most crucially that of employment . serie
let us not be concerned only with the range of goods and services available , but also with their quality . gamma
as the earl of stockton has already pointed out , because directives use a variety of terms to identify the range of working people they cover , and because that range is often left to be determined by national law , certain groups may fail to benefit from the protection they afford . serie
- ( fr ) we voted for this report because it criticises the fact that some categories of employee are not covered by ' employment protection afforded under european community law ' and calls upon the commission to ' [ ensure ] that existing rights are extended to the widest possible range of workers ' . gamma
i would add that while audiences may be focused on a small number of programmes , european citizens have , nonetheless , a far wider choice in their viewing , thanks to a range of technologies . ampia
my own basic point of view is this : the more concentrated media communications are the broader the range of rights journalists must have in their work . garantiti
how far do you intervene politically in issues of media concentration in areas that , as the commissioner pointed out very clearly , cut across a whole range of other weapons the commission has at its disposal to regulate monopoly power , a word that has been freely bandied around this chamber this evening ? serie
the first is that sustainable fisheries management must be based on a balanced range of measures , not only on the simplistic solution of fleet reduction , but also on a greater selection of fishing methods , on the proper use of the magps and of the tacs and quotas . gamma
the council stresses the importance of each member state- and i quote from the council text - ' having well-developed and wide ranging legislation in the field of confiscation of the proceeds from crime ' and of ' introducing special procedures for tracing , seizure and confiscation of proceeds from crime ' . portata
it must be clear to us , however , that there is still a range of things in this process that need to be put in order . mettere
a whole range of issues have been raised in connection with the united nations ' proposals , and these touch on the peace plan 's compatibility with european community law . unite
the candidate countries must implement the full range of eu directives and regulations . regolamenti
i turn now to turkey , a country which , during the summer , enacted a range of measures to set in motion real progress towards the rule of law and fully-fledged democracy . serie
i read in a wide range of newspapers this morning that a pill has been discovered that may well enable us to live to the age of 150 . scoperta
we are also aware that there are many areas where such consultation is already being advocated , in the temporary agency work directive for example , and in a whole range of other areas relating to family-friendly work , quality of work , modernisation of work , organisation , active ageing policies and so on . serie
nonetheless , while the therapeutic value of drugs of plant origin must be recognised , it must not be forgotten that improper use can give rise to a whole range of undesirable and seriously toxic side effects , which , i am afraid , may even be lethal . serie
european consumers can continue to choose from a broad range of products which have been submitted by the manufacturer in accordance with the legal provisions and have been carefully scrutinised and authorised by the authorities . gamma
as for the community budget , in accordance with the tripartite agreement , the court has access to a wide range of information about the bank 's operations under mandate and is entitled to additional information whenever it so desires . ventaglio
what happens is that interplay between political majorities and minorities , a feature of chambers like ours , means that a whole range of elements tend to be added to resolutions such as the one before us today . often these elements have little direct bearing on the main issue , which on this occasion is competition policy . introducano
it also presents a range of proposals designed to deter smoking , particularly amongst children and adolescents , which can only deserve our support . gamma
the commission is right if it thinks that a range of difficult issues remain to be resolved , and we can be grateful to the presidency of the council for coming up with a number of proposals on them . numerose
it is the lack of political responsibility and monitoring on the part of the governments that is now giving rise to a range of serious social , environmental and economic consequences in the region concerned . serie
at the same time victims of trafficking in human beings are victims of a whole range of abuses and criminal practices . serie
all that range , to a certain degree , is given this treatment . alimenti
these aches and pains have ended up under the care of the european court of auditors , which details in its special report a range of major weaknesses that it has uncovered . dettagliatamente
with these things in mind , the temporary committee on foot and mouth disease engaged intensively with the whole range of problems associated with epidemics , including their effect on the public and the economy .  
if the legislative package you present includes a revision of directive 92 / 102 leading to a very close relationship between farmers and the public veterinary services , then it may well be that , in the future , we will be able to avoid a whole range of situations that we have experienced hitherto . serie
the common objectives can be achieved through a wide range of pension systems . ventaglio
mr president , the white paper on european transport policy presents a range of measures which must be taken in order to improve road safety , as well as an action plan on road safety aimed at determining measures which will allow us to achieve by 2010 the global objective of reducing by half the number of fatalities resulting from road accidents in the european union . insieme
in the case of china there is already a comprehensive ban in place on exports to the european union on a range of products and increased testing is in place for other products . serie
madam president , commissioner , i think this is a very wide ranging and difficult subject . portata
an example of the injustice and corruption that still reign supreme is the necessity to terminate the tir cargo system agreement with russia , as it simply does not work there : drivers of freight have had to be prepared for the most diverse range of charges , to grease palms , rather than engines . serie
i would particularly like to thank president prodi for the way in which the commission has again presented a range of proposals that point a way forward to possibly better and , at the same time , more democratic ways of governing , principally indicating how the council and parliament can participate in lawmaking with equal rights . insieme
we should all - council , commission and parliament - be working together on how a large number of individual projects , ranging from customs union to the common foreign and security policy , can enable us to achieve a new kind of co-existence with an important strategic neighbour .  
we have on the table a full range of proposals from the commission in relation to immigration policies , a proactive immigration policy , and i will not list them since i will bore parliament if i do so in every speech . ventaglio
as far as the contradiction between repressive policies and proactive policies is concerned , i feel that the commission has strived to present a range of proposals that is balanced in both areas . insieme
he has had a wide range of contacts with many of the actors involved and has taken every opportunity to call for a constructive solution . serie
physical activity promotes health , and competition in sport develops a range of social skills , such as friendship , team spirit , solidarity , commitment , perseverance and , last but not least , fair play . serie
moreover , as regards the consultation procedure , we have already been sufficiently traumatised by a number of proposals which were clearly going against a whole range of different interests within european society . serie
i believe that we have to make it clear to the council that we will not put up with further delays on matters as fundamental as the right range of services provided to people in towns and in the regions , but may well have to consider bringing proceedings against the council in respect of its failure to act . offerta
i am very grateful to you for your words , mrs schreyer , which show how interested the commission is today in the range of problems facing mountain regions ; we are quite aware of this . gamma
i am thinking in particular of legislation on bringing livestock rearing and shepherds ' huts up to standard , which is difficult to implement in some mountain ranges . montuose
we therefore need effective policies for mountainous regions that are adapted to each mountain range and based on management that is devised jointly by elected representatives , public services and professionals . montuosa
in certain mountain ranges , however , pastoralism is being put at risk by the reintroduction of predatory species , and the poor management of their populations . montuose
eight , the member states are obliged to define a common range of sanctions to be applied in cases of infringement of the regulation , so as to harmonise the sanctions . gamma
the introduction of a common range of penalties in particular is worrying . serie
of course , this also applies to the reinstatement of a wide range of definitions so that they are not open to multiple interpretations . gamma
in this instance , the main burden will fall on police forces whose duties also extend to dealing with a wide range of criminal matters outside the scope of this regulation and the scope of community law . gamma
the member states are not homogenous . they range from federal states to centralised unitary states . omogenei
there was already a wide range of measures for guaranteeing better protection in this field . gamma
the objectives of the forthcoming communication on the new approach , enhancing the implementation and new approach are : firstly , to analyse the overall situation in the field of new approach directives which cover a wide range of products ; secondly , to detect possible weaknesses ; and thirdly , to outline remedial measures to improve the application of the new approach directives . serie
from an analysis of the existing framework and from the thorough research undertaken by the giovannini group , it is clear that there are a range of technical , legal and taxation barriers at the root of the high costs and inefficiency .  
in this case i am thinking about the whole range of medicines , for example . serie
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we must not let the crises - which range from north korea to the middle east and the unpredictability of the situation in iraq - distract our attention from afghanistan . vanno
i will be very brief in responding to a debate which has ranged extremely wide . abbracciato
first and foremost , we are obtaining a ban on the use of a range of carcinogenic substances and on the use of substances that impair our reproductive ability . insieme
my question was not about the whole range of things you talked about ; on the contrary , it was very specific . elencate
it is also part of the bank 's political mandate to promote , across the full range of its activities , environmentally sound and sustainable development . rispettoso
the commission would first like to thank parliament for its support of a range of new measures put forward as part of the commission 's strategy . serie
it remains totally unclear as to what effect the system would have in the mediterranean and baltic seas , where the radar range is from shore to shore and animals would not be able to escape the noise . portata
mr president , since at the last session of the parliament in strasbourg i was able to spend an hour with the foreign affairs committee discussing north korea under the benign stewardship of my honourable friend , the member for westphalia , and since last week we were able to spend two hours with the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy here discussing a wide range of issues , perhaps i could now concentrate on iraq , bearing in mind the limitations imposed on the competences of the commission . gamma
also , our so-called ally pakistan needs to consider the consequences of its actions in its alleged provision to north korea of uranium enrichment technology in exchange for help in weaponising its ghauri-2 long range missiles with nuclear warheads by adapting north korean nodong missiles . gittata
the commission has introduced a range of new instruments - what is termed ' activity-based management ' , aps , that is , annual political strategic planning , and the annual management plans . serie
in order to make its internal financial management more efficient , the commission has also , with the budgetary authority 's support , introduced a wide range of measures to modernise and improve public services , and , in particular , submitted to the council proposals for a new version of the staff regulations . gamma
with the general simplification of regulations and procedures in mind , the commission has had recourse to a range of horizontal and sector-related initiatives , and it will now examine more closely , in the course of an ex ante evaluation of the effects of proposed legislation , which regulatory instruments are the best suited to the achievement of political objectives . spettro
it outlined a range of constructive proposals for world policies on the environment , peace and freedom of expression and combating hunger and disease . serie
i would like to point out several inconsistencies : as a doctor and a teacher , i am aware of the range of reports presented each year by the world health organisation , which always cite the famous horowitz vicious circle , according to which illness creates poverty and poverty creates illness . horowitz
this has lead to the consolidation of a democratic opposition platform which has been maturing and which involves a broad spectrum , ranging from parties on the right to parties on the left - the communist party for example - which agree on fundamental aspects such as the establishment of democracy , partnership and , when appropriate , integration into the european union . vanno
in this way , mr president , i believe we will be able to respond to the difficult situations being experienced by certain latin american countries and create an extensive range of relations between our two regions which should culminate - and this is what parliament wants - in the coming summit of heads of state in mexico , and we hope that these agreements can lead the way to a strategic and bi-regional partnership which will result in this global partnership we want to see . trama
the austrian question relates to the alps but the situation is similar in other mountain ranges such as the pyrenees too . montagnosi
although it proposes a range of non-binding measures , the stress on the role of local communities , especially police , social workers , local authority healthcare staff and others is the right emphasis . gamma
our experience in the eu also tells us that the liberalisation of services , both in the energy and telecom sector and in the financial services sector , should normally deliver a better quality and more efficient services market with a broader range of products and better prices , as long as it goes hand in hand with properly established rules and guarantees for citizens . gamma
with regard to amendment no 16 , i must remind you that the commission , within the context of the so-called ' range of port measures ' , has already carried out a study such as the one requested and unfortunately there was little cooperation on the part of the ports . serie
this amount would be in addition to member states ' commitments , constituting a fund to help offset the widest possible range of economic and social consequences that the european union fisheries management decision will inflict . serie
it is right that we should have a range of ideas , with working groups set up by the commission dealing with peace and prosperity and with questions of sustainable development . serie
as there is something of a lack at european level of any counterpart to this sort of democratic control , we welcome the attention given by the convention to a wider range of options for parliament to exert influence on fundamental issues of finance for foreign policy concerns . gamma
indeed , his proposals are based on the highest community tradition in social matters and employment policy and , in terms of proactive measures , incorporate a broad range of innovative points and fields such as the knowledge-based society and its strategic implications . respiro
i think this is where the main difference lies ; in other words , labour market reforms are part and parcel of the employment strategy , which is much wider and which , as many members said , ranges from taxation to education .  
because of the range of my responsibilities i have probably spent - and enjoyed spending - more time in this chamber than any other commissioner . settore
then the european union will finally be able to intervene with a wide range of options , preferably to prevent conflicts and if necessary to manage crises . serie
mr president-in-office , you really have my admiration today when i consider the range of subjects you have had to address , ranging from the iraq crisis to stray dogs in athens .  
then , as regards the sensitive issue of public services and banking and insurance services , there is an essential need for a heading for opening up the boards of directors of the public companies which manage these services - bank lending agencies , insurance companies and public services companies - to proper representation of the wide range of interests of users . rappresentazione
all the points in it are important , but the new priorities in the whitehead report introduce a succession of others , ranging from important to less important . introducono
i am pleased that you explained to us the range of studies that you have commissioned , including impact assessment . commissionati
the commission , however , also has the task of preventing unfair competition between states , business people and the social actors , for which , in the 2000-2006 programming period , the structural funds provide for a range of preventive measures , which i would like to rehearse briefly . serie
parliament will , i think , understand why the commission cannot act in advance of the results of the current discussions , but i am able to assure you that , whenever the common position is extended , the whole range of courses of action open to us will be re-examined . gamma
it is important for us here in the european parliament to take the opportunity we have to express our abhorrence and to keep exerting pressure on nigerian society , for it is not merely an issue of the completely unacceptable discrimination between men and women that is the result of sharia law in a range of countries , but an issue of ordinary humanity and decency . taluni
nigeria is , moreover , one of the focus countries of the european initiative for democracy and human rights , and a range of projects in support of governmental and judicial reform is shortly to be adopted . numero
america and europe can achieve so much across a range of measures when they work together , as opposed to working against the interests of one another . operando
the first is digital literacy , a new range of essential skills for the knowledge-based society . gamma
i would like once more to emphatically urge that we map out the current situation and also involve candidate member states in this , because only then will we be able to achieve a more targeted approach for schools that are lagging behind , and this will hugely increase the range of options available . gamma
the scrutiny performed by the court of auditors and parliament took the whole range of these varied tasks into account . gamma
mr blak , scrutiny of the agencies now covers a very broad spectrum of different activities , and your work , for which the commission thanks you , was therefore very wide ranging . esteso
these three conventions prohibit the production , traffic , sale and consumption of a wide range of substances for other than medical or scientific purposes . gamma
a technical working group , chaired by my services , has established that an increasing range of products such as dvds , video games , flowers , contact lenses , books , other printed matter and cds are imported regularly from third countries . gamma
thus , following the accident , an impressive range and quantity of resources - including 15 oil-combating vessels , more than 20 kilometres of booms and several specialised surveillance aircraft - were put at the disposal of the national competent authorities affected . gamma
it cuts across a broad range of union policies . spettro
whatever is recommended in future by the convention , where my colleague , commissioner barnier , has ably led the discussions on defence issues - and i know that he has briefed the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy in the course of the deliberations on this report - those commission responsibilities are at the moment pretty limited when compared to the range of issues covered in the text before us . gamma
the commission already has an impressive range of instruments and expertise which can be used in crisis situations . gamma
the morillon report contains a whole range of practical proposals for improving the defence capability of the eu . serie
i do not think that any of us know , because we are part of this vast experiment , how far the human metabolism has been changed by this whole range of new artificial products many of which bring great benefits , as salt of aspartame obviously does to mr bowis , but which could also cause concern . metabolismo
in the longer term , the european union must implement , for example within the framework of national and regional development plans , a range of measures designed to combat the volatility of coffee prices and prices of other basic products . insieme
furthermore , the rules set out in the proposal specify the full range of remediation actions to be carried out by the liable operator . ventaglio
deleting elements from this range of actions would inevitably result in the polluter not having to carry the full cost of the damage he causes . gamma
that range of opportunities is , i think , appropriate . gamma
voluntary agreements are flexible agreements which have their own place in the range of legislative instruments . collocazione
thirdly , we must establish a range of projects for common energy networks which allow us to specifically define our priorities and thereby facilitate investment , both public and - in particular - private , in the energy sector in the future and on the part of the various european union players and the different european union governments . NULL
mr president , i have asked for the floor , on the one hand , to congratulate the commissioner on this vast and intelligent range of measures being adopted on oil spills and , at the same time , to ask a supplementary question about vessels cleaning out their hulls , which is becoming a real scourge on portuguese coasts . gamma
in view of the changing situation in angola and its strategic importance at regional and international level , it is a priority to develop a range of policies which will contribute to the consolidation of peace , the development of democracy and the reconstruction of the country . diversificate
in the meantime i would like to take the opportunity to look beyond the institutional and legal basis arguments and look at the implications these proposals might have for the development of the social economy in a european union which is trying to deal with a range of profound changes . serie
these increasing and more diversified social needs , compounded by budgetary restrictions , have led public authorities to decentralise the provision of services or to reduce the range or level of services they are providing . gamma
it is obvious from the debate here that we could in fact have constructed a resolution on a wide range of issues on which we agree . ventaglio
nonetheless , the un , although not embodying ' a universal conscience transcending states ' , as claimed by dominique de villepin ( on what basis ? ) , represents a broad range of countries that could be useful in stabilising iraq . dominique
who can seriously believe that the accession of countries ranging from the mediterranean area through turkey to russia could possibly make the union stronger and more effective ? spaziano
appraisals of the adequacy of the eu-russia cooperation framework , as regards covering a broad range of relations , vary . serie
we want to keep animals outside , we want to see cows in the fields , and we want to see chickens and pigs ranging freely . maiali
let me conclude by emphasising that i am convinced that what is needed in vietnam is continued and more rapid progress in the country 's reform programme so that the administration would learn to deal with a wider range of use and appreciate the value of accommodating dissent in the system of government . usanze
we all know that people in this house doing exactly the same job are paid a huge range of different salaries for it . pagate
safety depends on a range of measures , all aspects of which must be applied coherently . gamma
note that the only professional investigation implemented by the institutions of the eu concerning these crucial issues of legal policy are open to serious criticism on the grounds of principle due to the fact that , in the context of the rights that are a crucial part of our democratic basis of values , the eu 's acts violate a range of basic principles in the fields of criminal law and procedure . serie
for this reason we can accept amendment no 44 in principle , which requires the commission to consider a range of economic instruments and report back to parliament and the council . serie
as regards amendment no 2 , we prefer to set out the provisions on the use of combinations of towed nets of more than one range of mesh size in a single commission regulation , as this opens up more options for discussion and technical consultation with the experts from the member states . forcelle
after all , we ourselves have an interest in obtaining the greatest possible range of clear and detailed information on the meaningful deployment of technical measures . numero
moreover , i see no other way of proceeding in an enlarged eu with a huge range of economic conditions from one country to the next . differenze
european history ranges across the christian crusades to the crimes of the colonial era - not to mention the horrors of fascism . crociate
in summary , brussels is outside ankara 's military-political range for the time being . militare
we are working closely with the us on a range of issues concerning transport security . serie
we have an action plan incorporating a range of initiatives including technical barriers to trade , procurement , mutual recognition , intellectual property and competition . serie
the united states , on the other hand , is looking much more to the problems of 2020 , with the weapons of mass destruction and a whole range of other things , on a global basis , which we tend not to do . serie
yes , we need to understand each other , as the council president has said , but surely we need more collaboration , not just in particular instances , such as the war against terrorism : we need a long-term framework to get to grips with that problem and shift the emphasis from a community of values to a community of action , dealing with problems of aids in the third world , nuclear proliferation and a range of other things which europe and america face jointly as global challenges . serie
it is equally important that the high emotions that exist at this time do not cause us to exaggerate our differences across a range of policy matters . amplificare
issues that we have addressed together range from improving security in airlines to the issue of mutual extradition agreements . vanno
the eu must be committed to a wide range of security , conflict prevention being its key priority . portata
cooperation between the ? u and the ukraine is based on the partnership and cooperation agreement which introduces the legal framework for cooperation in a broad range of sectors ; i would especially mention , among other things , energy , trade and investments , justice and internal affairs , legislative rapprochement , the environment , transport and regional and cross-border cooperation . gamma
as this obstacle has been removed , i should like to ask the honourable president-in-office to tell us what he calculates will be the amount invested in galileo , if all the member states of the european union will take part in it and in what proportion , when the procedure to promote implementation will commence and when he calculates that it will start to provide its services , which is the most important , and if they will be of only european and / or worldwide range . promuoverne
of course , some of them are also pan-european in range . paneuropea
first , in relation to recital d and paragraph 24 , we should recognise that there are a range of electoral systems used in the different european countries , and in fact around one-quarter of current mps in turkey are from kurdish origin . serie
on the other hand , we have to look at the reality of the situation , and the reality is that in indonesia they have made the mistake of trying to solve the problem of the over-populated islands of bali , java and sumatra by coming up with what is known as the transmigration policy , in other words they have tried to resettle people from these islands on other islands with a different cultural and historical make-up , and to outvote other population groups , which has led to a whole range of ethnic and religious conflicts . gamma
fortunately , the european union has a whole panoply of means for acting that range from diplomatic activity to armed peacekeeping action . vanno
i do not believe that there can be and what we therefore have to do is make use of all the means , the entire panoply of means available to the european union as a whole . these range , as i have said , from diplomacy , humanitarian aid , crisis management , trade , sanctions etc. to managing crises with military means . comprendono
currently in this parliament , the european free alliance represents a wide range of what we would think of as distinct countries within the european union - andalusia , the basque country , catalonia , flanders , galicia , scotland and wales , to take them in alphabetical order in the english language - but of course , from the point of view of a criterion based upon states , that is only three states . insieme
here we were in the cradle of democracy , welcoming a range of countries that could only enter the eu because they had become democracies . serie
since it is impossible to determine the precise contamination range of pollen produced by a genetically modified plant , it will be in the interest of the producers of these plants to have good insurance , unless they are able to train bees to gather pollen very selectively . raggio
for the industries involved , there are a range of specific issues which are being presented to you today . serie
for instance , for animals kept in extensive farming conditions and in free range , the age of tagging may be extended from one month to six months of age , but , in any event , before leaving the holding of birth . pascolo
he is inventing a rule on the basis of which he will ban the transit of lorries of over seven and a half tonnes for a vast range of goods , practically all those in the construction sector , with effect from 1 august on the section between the municipalities of kundl and ampass : almost a joke in the debate we are having . gamma
amendments nos 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 insist that the proposal is one element of a broader range of measures needed to guarantee a high level of protection for pedestrians , which includes active safety measures and changes to infrastructures . pacchetto
you have already changed the inflation range . margine
in short , a range of measures may be taken to reduce the large differences that exist between national economies . serie
women 's continuing role , especially on small farms , as invisible workers - to which reference has just been made - is also made apparent by agricultural statistics according to which the proportion of women varies slightly from 0.2 % to 0.3 % , although nobody can deny that , as there is such a wide range of tasks to be done , women may well do more work on farms than men . ventaglio
these may be only ad hoc approaches , but they have added to the range of culture on offer . offerta
finally , this being so , proposals such as creating crèches , cultural centres , public transport and so on range from the insignificant to the cynically hypocritical . vanno
the sentences they received range from 12 to 20 years in prison and we cannot , mr president , wash our hands of them . possiamo
joseph kony , the leader of the so-called lord 's resistance army , spoke again last monday , telling his men to kill mercilessly anyone who comes within range , including the elderly and children , to spare only pregnant women , to kill priests and missionaries in cold blood and to beat up nuns in cold blood . kony
people with disabilities are a marginalised group for whom existing , generalised human rights standards have not worked and who therefore require explicit standards to adjust the discrimination they face in society and the range of violations to which they are subjected . emarginato
but there is no way out of this impasse unless the united nations takes the leading role across a range of political activities . serie
in actual fact , as has already been pointed out , the union 's activity in this field covers a very wide range of different initiatives , from the measures contained in the reports of the heads of mission to public statements . serie
the commission communication on reinvigorating eu actions on human rights and democratisation with mediterranean partners offers the potential for similar initiatives in the framework of the mediterranean association agreements , with a range of initiatives - such as the systematic inclusion of human rights and democracy issues in the meetings of the association councils and national action plans on human rights - designed to effect change on the basis of the clause . serie
in the amendment , reference is made to the wide range of conscientious objections , with which we do , or do not , agree . serie
these range from the expansion of the right of asylum , to access to education and healthcare for illegal immigrants , the regularisation of the status of illegal immigrants , and recognition of the equality of all partnerships in the eu - we reject all these demands unequivocally . comprendono
that is why a range of measures covering numerous sectors is being proposed and i too should like to refer selectively to certain of them , because i think they deserve comment . ventaglio
our resolution on gender mainstreaming proposes a whole range of actions to set benchmarks for the horizontal task of deliberately bringing women into the institutions , such as monitoring the success of leave for educational purposes , retraining , career and personal development , and so on . gamma
i want to mention something else , namely the issue of the cutbacks we see in a range of budget lines where small and medium-sized enterprises are concerned . serie
to strengthen pension provision , however , the priorities are that the age of retirement must be raised , the range of supplementary forms of finance must be increased , and there has to be an increase in long-term private savings . gamma
we had a very serious debate in committee on the word non-professional : a whole range of interest groups from around europe said they could accept the compromise if non-professional was deleted ; now it has been . serie
there are a number of initiatives that range from looking at the approach to river-basin management , to big rivers in africa , to very concrete projects like drilling wells . vanno
we concentrate on africa and it covers the whole range , from big plans for big rivers in africa down to grassroots projects such as drilling new wells or building sanitation facilities . gamma
a whole range of non-road mobile machinery – construction equipment , barges and all sorts of niche equipment we have not yet though about – is going to be brought sensibly under control , putting an end to a lot of smelly diesel fume emissions in all sorts of strange places that prompt complaints . un
we were able to eliminate a whole range of problems , as there were quite a few differences between the common position and our first reading . serie
another pressing concern is the disappearance of , or change in , the range of international trains that is therefore not being identified . gamma
i believe it is essential to provide such information in a range of languages , not just in english and french . molte
although it has been able to develop robust tobacco legislation , it faces challenges every day , ranging from litigation to the incorrect implementation of provisions of this legislation . vanno
the commission ’ s proposal takes full account of the opinion of the scientific committee and a full range of consultations that took place with stakeholders . serie
effective enforcement of existing national legislation on issues ranging from drink-driving to age limits could make a significant difference . ebbrezza
this report was adopted in december 1998 and covers a wide range of issues including : the origins and distribution of foie gras production ; the practice of rearing and force-feeding : the behaviour of ducks and geese ; the consequences of force-feeding , in particular welfare indicators ; socio-economic aspects of improving the welfare of animals used in the foie gras industry ; and research . serie
the scientists did not look at the issue of force-feeding in isolation , but as part of the full range of factors involved in producing foie gras . gamma
finally , on question 6 , a broader range of collateral is already recognised in connection with significant improvements for loans to smes . gamma
can we justify basing our decision solely on ices ’ argument in favour of replenishing stocks , which would result in our having to prohibit not only fishing for cod , but also for a whole range of other fish , and , in due course , in thousands of fishermen facing oblivion ? serie
these and other proposals , remember , are among the range of basic options currently under discussion in the intergovernmental conference . rientrano
if they are not – and it is this point that is crucial – then the commission will , in good time before 1 may , take the necessary actions , and we have a whole range of options to choose from . ampia
we have , then , a wide range of options , and agreement has today been reached within the commission that each commissioner , within his or her own area of responsibility , shall oversee the ongoing handling of these still unresolved issues and shall , if necessary , propose the necessary measures in good time before 1 may . gamma
the ministerial meeting of 27 october expanded the range of the discussion to include matters not addressed , or addressed only marginally , at previous meetings . spettro
the rapporteur 's proposals touch on a broad range of policies to promote the participation of women in the world of new technologies ; policies which relate to the workplace , the business world and the world of education and rightly point out that , in order to achieve this objective , women need to participate in the planning of and decisions on the relevant policies . serie
it is about ensuring that the internal market operates fairly in terms of passenger cars and that the current obstacles which are there , in part , in the range of taxation currently levied , are evened out so that the internal market in this particular area is enabled to function much better than it does at the moment . livelli
i just rang a certain finnish person who brought a mercedes , registered in 1995 and bought in germany , into finland . immatricolata
there are a range of issues outstanding . diverse
this should be done far more frequently in a whole range of community policy areas , because there are some member states that take advantage of the markets created by those member states that do transpose , while not playing fair themselves . settori
madam president , commissioner busquin , ladies and gentlemen , my fellow fans of communication , since , as was just mentioned , we are by and large among friends in this house , there is actually a whole range of dangers that mr herzog has just highlighted and that i will not go over again . cerchia
there may be a wider range of choice for users , but only for those clients capable of paying . offerta
we therefore congratulate the european commission on ‘ launching proceedings against those member states who had not transposed the new regulatory package into national law ’ and on calling for proceedings to be ‘ completed as quickly as possible ’ and the commission is even urged to ‘ make use of the broader range of instruments that are at its disposal ’ to emphasise the punitive nature of the regulation . gamma
in both the maritime and the civil aviation sectors , determined action on security by the european union is bound to prove to our international partners that we take the whole range of issues involved very seriously indeed . questioni
these events will certainly lead us to provide ourselves with regulations ranging from prevention to sanctions . spazino
i am aware of the wide range of views , both for and against . diversi
there is broad agreement on extending qualified-majority voting and codecision powers to a range of different policy matters in the domain of both the european council and the european parliament . serie
lastly , i regret that the funds for these actions are still so limited , which reveals an ongoing lack of respect for the work undertaken to promote equality of rights and women ’ s opportunities in a huge range of fields . diversi
– mr president , i rise to speak on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists on the subject of the programme intended to support women ’ s organisations and has replaced the budget line that formerly funded only the european women ’ s lobby – that being the umbrella organisation for some 3 000 women ’ s organisations in europe , including the national women ’ s councils , such as the , which has about 11 million individual members in germany , ranging from church groups to autonomous bodies via political women ’ s associations finanziava
the debate on the issue of the calculation of the qualified majority in the council has made the range of positions in the field even clearer and more distinct : some states ardently defend the nice system ; others consider the transition to double-majority voting indispensable . spettro
for example , on market-based instruments , we are examining a range of possible options . serie
secondly , the agreements between the member states – regarding the types of care , and the range and level of services that will be available to people – will also help to clarify the situation for many people .  
each state should have the full range of economic , financial and monetary instruments in order to act in the most appropriate manner . strumenti
in addition to this , we have also managed to bring about a whole range of further improvements , with better-framed provisions on anonymity , reinforcement of parliament ’ s rights in the event of the directive being amended , and a series of clarifications on , among other things , the import of cells and tissues . diversi
the commission was the proponent of the universal service concept at the heart of directive 97 / 67 / ec and considers that every citizen in the union has the right to a wide range of affordable and high-quality postal services . gamma
furthermore , the rules set out in the proposal specify the full range of remediation actions to be carried out by the operator liable . gamma
deleting elements from this range of actions would inevitably result in the polluter not having to carry the full cost of the damage he has caused . ventaglio
i take his point that this will expand the range and level of liability of nuclear operators , but it remains the case , unhappily , that nuclear power still travels in a boat of its own , subject to a rather special exception to the ' polluter-pays ' principle - the polluter pays quite a lot , but not necessarily everything in that case . gamma
mr president , we feel that the proposal for a directive that we are debating this evening with regard to the prevention and the remedying of environmental damage is very important because it develops a system of liabilities based on the polluter pays principle for a whole range of damage likely to have been caused by economic activities to the natural heritage . serie
the peace facility will make it possible , with all the guarantees provided by decision-making procedures , to fund a specified range of activities which are part of peacekeeping operations carried out by african forces . gamma
however , given china 's attitude towards taiwan , tibet and its own dissenters – ranging from the peaceful practitioners of falun gong to the pro-democracy activists who were imprisoned so brutally after tiananmen square – i support maintaining the eu arms embargo . vanno
we have therefore produced a mechanism which introduces a tier-system for services which have to be provided to passengers , and , most importantly , a full range : from minimum service – on-the-spot assistance in airports in the event of cancellation of flights or excessive delays of over five hours – to some sort of compensation for damages , specifically financial compensation , which is the highest level of protection we have provided . completezza
as mrs schreyer said in the statement , the application of those tools to economic , social , health , educational and a whole range of other developments is extremely important . gamma
we know very well that international conventions excluded from liability ship-owners and a whole range of people who were , in actual fact , directly and indirectly responsible , and we saw proof of this with the , where the only one to pay was a poor captain of a greek vessel who , at least , did everything possible to avoid the disaster , whilst others should be charged regarding the disaster and its repercussions serie
that is what our debates should be about ; there is a whole range of items that have to be embedded in a framework of this sort , and i want to list just six of them . serie
for the eldr group , it is important to emphasise that the liberalisation already implemented by a range of sectors has generally been a great success . serie
you will be aware that we have gone on the offensive in the debate about export subsidies , by proposing that all forms of export subsidy for a range of products important to developing countries be allowed to expire . serie
my basic premise is that the range of measures under the common agricultural policy must be developed in a way that takes the special conditions prevailing in northern agricultural areas into greater consideration . serie
in total , 18 countries participated in this joint effort with assistance ranging from search and rescue teams – sniffer dogs , firefighters and other specialists – to the provision of relief items – field hospitals and other equipment . spaziava
in addition , the sustainable development intergroup organised a seminar in brussels last november entitled ' tuna fleet and industry : prospects for the future ' , at which we had a wide range of international speakers . numero
the drinking water directive of 1998 sets quality standards for a range of chemical parameters , including fluoride . serie
i hope that my committee will be able to do that so we can start consulting a wide range of interests in this extremely comprehensive proposal . ventaglio
the range of foreign policy issues that the union now deals with and the breadth and intensity of the union ’ s contacts with its partners around the globe is truly extensive . serie
our aim will be to consult and cooperate with the united states on the broad range of issues , both political and economic , that face us all . serie
we will pursue political dialogue with the full range of countries , including an asia-europe meeting at foreign minister level in april . perseguiremo
there is a range of important dossiers which require close cooperation if they are to be satisfactorily progressed in the time available to us . serie
our presidency focus , as far as internal policies are concerned , will be to advance work on a range of fronts and make life better for the citizens of europe ; as many of you pointed out , that is what we should be doing . serie
we shall make every effort to move forward the human rights agenda across the broad range of the union 's external policy , including the 60th session of the united nations commission on human rights in geneva . campo
as regards the purvis report , which deals with defining eu rules for personal investments and covers an enormous range of financial products , it appears to be absolutely essential to plug the current gap in the legislation . gamma
this would be an illegal manoeuvre , as the european elections are meant to elect representatives to the european parliament to deal with a very wide range of subjects , but not the possible constitution , to which different methods of decision-making would apply . serie
i am afraid we have always been slow , we have always been behind the average and we are going to have to do an awful lot of very hard work in terms of building infrastructure and putting a whole range of measures in place to ensure that we achieve the objectives that we have set down in this legislation . serie
the communication proposes a whole range of measures to assist the sector in its efforts to define a strategy in view of the new market challenges and , in particular , in view of the end of import quotas from 1 january 2005 . gamma
for other businesses the answer may be to look towards technical textiles , ranging from specialist heat- and chemical-resistant materials to flight socks designed to reduce the risk of deep vein thrombosis . vanno
the paper provides an impressive inventory of the extensive cooperation between the eu and the un that is already taking place , and of our support for un activities on a wide number of issues , ranging from conflict prevention to development aid and from crisis management to poverty reduction . dalla
our group does not have an homogeneous opinion on the report by mr laschet – although i recognise that the contributions made have been accepted – since our positions range from favourable to sceptical , as befits a pluralist group . vanno
i wish to commend the ambition of the report for the range of proposals that it contains concerning the activity of the parliament in relation to the various funds , programmes and agencies of the united nations .  
now , in the aftermath of global financial scandals ranging from worldcom to parmalat is surely the time for rating agencies to be registered and their practices monitored . vanno
more relaxed arrangements apply to a whole range of occupations and activities and the reference periods are generous . gamma
first of all , the scope of both the commission 's policy framework and range of duties becomes too unwieldy . gamma
to give a broad outline and without going into the details of the motion for a resolution that we are working on and without returning to the terms of the oral question – this will certainly be done by my fellow members of other political hues – a general assessment could be made , ranging from ‘ very positive ’ as regards the progress made in cooperation in judicial and civil matters , to ‘ almost total stagnation ’ in the field of police cooperation , with ‘ good ’ and ‘ bad ’ or simply ‘ tolerable ’ in va
significant progress was made on a whole range of jha issues , including legislative measures and operational cooperation in compliance with the tampere european council conclusions and the mandate from subsequent european councils . serie
– mr president , despite the many measures which the european union has taken , ranging from europol 's competences to issuing a european arrest warrant , i notice that on the ground , few , if any , results are being achieved in the area of freedom , security and justice . dalle
bearing this in mind , the commission has pointed out the difficulties encountered by users of current intermodal loading units ( ilus ) – in other words , containers or boxes usually used in transport – which range from the diversity of handling and securing devices to questions of security and methods of monitoring . spaziano
in contrast to many other services , people can also help to determine , by the way they vote in elections , the range of services of general interest available to them , especially if these services are provided by or on behalf of regional or local authorities . gamma
mr president , at dundrennan , in my constituency in the south-west of scotland , there is a firing range where depleted uranium shells are used for practice . poligono
i have heard dreadful accounts of children as young as 10 and grandmothers aged 70 , and of women whose ages range between the two , mothers and others , who have become the victims of systematic rape as some kind of weapon of war . nonne
today , 8 march , a day on which we are paying tribute to women and to their fight for equal rights and opportunities , we must point out that , despite the progress that has been made in terms of setting out principles , profound inequalities and major discrimination remain in an enormous range of areas . moltissimi
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , drugs are a problem common to all member states , and there is clearly , therefore , a need for the fight against drugs to be given a european dimension , which we have already seen at work in actions ranging from adopting legal instruments to combat the manufacture and trafficking of drugs , to cooperating with producer countries and promoting measures to prevent drug addiction and to combat this phenomenon . quali
we must give judges and courts in the enlarged eu the option of a range of enforcement tools . gamma
so do the players in the market , ranging from the telecommunications industry to consumer protection organisations , from the pharmaceutical industry to generic drug manufacturers , from artists to content producers . attivi
the commission considers that at this stage the real challenge is the full and proper implementation of the broad range of commitments set out in the iia . iia
whilst we have to take their interests into account , they also themselves have to make their own contribution and thereby further reflect the whole range of european policy to their fullest extent . spettro
in our consultations , we have confirmed that there is a range of outstanding institutional and non-institutional issues , of varying complexity and sensitivity , which have been raised with us . serie
what we stand to lose if we cannot reach that agreement on the constitutional treaty is the chance to link enlargement with a more efficient european union and to anchor the european union to a bedrock of common values and transfer more power to the people , who would elect the president of the commission through their vote in the european elections and , by virtue of the charter of fundamental rights , enjoy a wide range of legal entitlements and safeguards . serie
you talked of a range of important issues , both institutional and non-institutional , which have been raised with the irish presidency . serie
furthermore , mr giscard d 'estaing called for us not to ‘ torture ’ , on the one hand , the double majority figures , and on the other , the range of subjects for which decisions can be made by qualified majority . ampiezza
i would ask parliament to understand that this margin for flexibility exists , but that it is impossible to entirely reconsider the fundamental points and the whole range of proposals for these new trans-european networks , which we must approve urgently so that , from 1 may 2004 , when we are 25 countries rather than 15 , the ten new member states are included in them , since they will be part of the union as a whole . insieme
this is an issue that requires a very wide range of responses . serie
that working group is examining a range of issues with a view to identifying additional opportunities in this regard . numerose
the application of global amounts in accordance with commercial practice has also been accepted as have , in a range of other areas , the inclusion of local flights , measures to be taken when aircraft land without adequate insurance cover , and withdrawal of operating licence if the insurance cover is not sufficient . serie
the commission was the proponent of the universal services concept at the heart of directive 97 / 67 / ec and considers that every citizen in the union has the right to a wide range of affordable , quality postal services . gamma
your report , mrs jöns , deals with a wide range of issues relating to social protection , public health , the free movement of people and services within the internal market . ventaglio
the text still covers too many firms and too much business within the definition of systematic internaliser , possibly jeopardising a range of over-the-counter and traditional wholesale trading . serie
article 27 will in many ways make it more difficult for firms to compete with exchanges , which means that sadly investors will not get all the benefits of a wide range of choice of services and reduced transaction costs that would come with a fully competitive market . gamma
as one would expect of him , mr bösch has produced a comprehensive report dealing with a whole range of issues related to fraud prevention , and from various angles . ventaglio
similarly , we must strive to ensure better access for women of all ages to the entire range of resources and services , such as health , education , training and infrastructures . insieme
we have already started elaborating a guide setting out the most important principles of gender mainstreaming and guidelines on how to promote it , as well as a range of best practice methodologies . serie
. mr president , commissioner , i am sure we all welcome the fact that the council , along with parliament , has acknowledged that promoting equality between women and men requires , in practice , a range of measures , a structured programme , the involvement of civil society and , most importantly , the involvement of women ’ s organisations and financial support for these . serie
in this regard – and you know what parliament ’ s thinking is – parliament has insisted on having a differentiated legal framework and we also believe that we must promote an entire range of policies in the field of education , culture , vocational training and scientific and technological cooperation . serie
the fact that over 450 amendments were tabled showed the extent of interest and the wide range of opinion as to detail . gamma
a range of measures should be created for the hygiene of all food products in circulation in the community , including imported goods , along with measures to increase the responsibility of food business operators . quadro
in general the eu has made a very positive contribution to establishing gender equality right across a range of areas . gamma
the countries of the mediterranean and the middle east are facing a broad range of challenges politically , economically and socially . serie
it is also the location of some of the most ruthless regimes , ranging from the old iraq of saddam to the current government of iran . spietati
. – although we are without doubt enriched by the food from the widest possible range of countries that is to be found on the shelves of our supermarkets , consumers want to have confidence that products are safe and of high quality , and we have to create the conditions under which they can . svariati
the quota system is complex and would only have worked very well with a company that had a range of products which fitted conveniently into these 20 % steps . gamma
we discussed a range of foreign policy issues , including the middle east , afghanistan , iraq , the balkans and russia . diverse
legislation agreed in recent weeks ranges from financial services to rail market opening , to intellectual property rights and to environmental liability . investe
governments alone cannot bring about the range of changes required to reach the lisbon goal . serie
however , as i said at the beginning of my contribution , a range of factors might make this hard to achieve , and we will have to wait and see what progress has been made . serie
there is a range of further issues , many of which were the subject of proposals at the naples summit of the italian presidency . serie
there are opposing interests in conflict with one another , and no amount of ‘ good governance ’ can conceal the scant importance attached to cooperation in the entire range of community policies , the absence of any concept of solidarity or respect for what is ‘ different ’ , and the constant presence of conditionality , which imposes economic and social models . attribuita
in line with the european strategy in the areas of the environment and health proposed by the commission , the council approved a range of conclusions , which are to be implemented in the scale strategy . serie
given the wide range and nature of the report , it is not possible to address all the concerns raised , but i will endeavour to address some of the key issues . ampiezza
the network ’ s report covers an enormous range of issues . serie
that is the most important point , and sustainable development is the term that covers all of these issues ranging from the impact on , for example , indigenous peoples to the impact of environmental degradation and it also includes the disappearance of the yields of this development through corruption . vanno
the mozambican authorities have made contradictory statements on the matter , which range from statements , designed to allay people ’ s fears , that there is no proof that such trafficking takes place , to suggestions that there are indeed signs that the network exists . rassicuranti
mr scarbonchi 's report identifies an adequate range of options to safeguard this control without inflicting any damage on the acp countries , because special consideration must undoubtedly be given to ensuring that no acp country is put at a disadvantage . gamma
in addition , the range of exemptions to the ' use-it-or-lose-it ' rule has been broadened . campo
fourthly , the commission agrees with parliament that we need to work with other mediterranean countries , and that is why we took the initiative for the venice conference in november 2003 when the mediterranean countries , ranging from morocco to lebanon and slovenia , agreed with the european union that we must agree on common measures in the general fisheries commission for the mediterranean to preserve our fish stocks . venezia
we will have to adopt a flexible approach , enabling member states to use a wide range of measures . gamma
we are presenting this initiative in a wide range of events and fora and have received positive feedback so far . diversi
in conclusion , harmonisation is needed and welcomed to the extent that it respects the different range of financial products and the cultural differences in financial services in each member state .  
i feel it could have been possible to accept a far wider range of situations without detriment to the spirit of this directive . ventaglio
the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , however , agreed to include the proposals of parliament at the first reading in the proposal made here , in particular the definition of the driver , the range of application of the directive and the subject of the controls . campo
lastly , the choice of article 95 tec , as the legal basis for the original proposal for a directive was justified by the fact that the commission had proposed a range of measures for harmonisation . serie
similarly , our debate on future financing will have to address the differing needs of urban and rural populations and regions and consider how best to create a balanced outcome that will promote greater prosperity for a wider range of europe 's citizens . numero
i would also like to ensure that a range of parliamentary committees are also involved in the follow-up . varie
what the european parliament proposes administering to the patient are the same snake-oil remedies , couched in mainly empty words , as are applied by the national states , ranging from the promise of training to proposed subsidies for certain sectors . vanno
given the range of the eib ’ s work , information on it should be available in all of the community ’ s official languages . portata
we will ensure that in the preparatory work for the nairobi summit we coordinate within the european union both at government level and non-governmental level , and also with a wide range of non-state actors . ventaglio
almost 80 civilians were arrested , tried and given very heavy prison sentences , ranging from six to 28 years . vanno
it elaborates the doctrine of subsidiarity , it clarifies the scope of the european union 's powers , it enhances democratic accountability and simplifies the range of legal instruments through which the union acts . insieme
the process involved everyone who was entitled to participate , ranging from the national parliaments to the council , parliament and the commission . prendervi
the success of the social policy agenda depends on numerous factors and this constitutes an important advantage , because it broadens the range of agencies involved in implementing the agenda and , in this way , strengthens the commitment to update the european social model . serie
we shall do so by releasing initiative and energy , by continuing the work on creating an internal market involving free competition , by guaranteeing an internal market for financial services so that businesses have adequate and cheap capital to work with and by guaranteeing that , through free competition , consumers and taxpayers are supplied with a diverse range of products and services of high quality at reasonable prices . gamma
the enlarged european union presents a whole range of regional and subregional social economic scenarios . serie
it therefore constitutes one of the most effective instruments at the union ’ s disposal , and can result in increasing the range of freedoms available to its citizens and their security . numero
it is also important for the eurosceptics , who can see that the range of human rights and freedoms is generally more extensive than it is in our constitutions . costatare
the list of legislation illustrates the range and the depth of our activity in fields including the environment , transport , cultural exchange , financial services and consumer protection . ampiezza
our actions have ranged much wider . portata
many of you in this parliament follow closely a range of external relations issues which are of particular interest to you and your constituents . serie
across the range of issues - be it the transatlantic relationship , the european union 's engagement with africa or the need to strengthen our relations with russia and with asia - we can report real and lasting progress . serie
on the other hand we can also see that 25 governments have ranged themselves behind the constitution , and the constitution is going to be signed in rome on 29 october . schierati
we came out as soon as the bell rang for a vote . suonato
they and the commission are thus responsible for a range of measures that must be taken to put an end to this practice and defend the rights of the workers and regions affected . serie
our rural development programmes provide support for a wide range of forest activities , providing funds for prevention of fires and restoration of forests damaged by fires , according to priorities decided by the member states . gamma
to this end , i believe we must create a model for the management of risks , for management and cooperation , because we are faced with issues ranging from judicial procedures , because there is a lot of terrorism , to the issues of policing , the civil population and the local authorities . vanno
the and accidents in community waters taught us a hard lesson about the european union ’ s urgent needs in terms of legislation and maritime traffic control , and the result of this painful process has been a range of very advanced legislative measures whose transposition , entry into force and rigorous application are helping us to make progress towards increasing maritime safety and preventing marine pollution within the union . serie
in recent months , russia has suffered several terrorist attacks , with targets ranging from the moscow metro to domestic passenger flights . vanno
mr leinen , there is therefore a wide range of tools being put in place . serie
mr president , as the honourable member rightly observed in his question , the positive agenda for trans-atlantic relations goes far beyond economic cooperation and trading relationships ; it does indeed encompass a whole range of subjects . gamma
the proposal on the african lion is scientifically weak and is strongly opposed by the range states where the lion population is stable or increasing . leoni
at adam opel ag , there have been six chairmen of the board in five years , trends have been missed , and ranges that are insufficiently innovative or attractive have failed to attract customers , quality has been sacrificed for the sake of short-term cost reduction , thus gambling with the firm ’ s good reputation , and these things amount to serious errors on the part of the management . autovetture
it must continue to foster peace and stability and to strengthen the multilateral dimension in a wide range of areas . ventaglio
we want a commission that is made up of a diverse range of people and not just one with people from all of the countries in the european union , as the treaty stipulates . estrazione
we want people from different cultural backgrounds , with a range of different religious beliefs or non-religious beliefs and convictions . ventaglio
our cooperation covers a wide range of subjects , from economic to cultural , and we address local , regional and global issues . ventaglio
we intend to promote strategic dialogues – ranging from regulatory dialogue to cooperation in research – in sectors such as information technology , transport , energy , biotechnology or space science . spaziano
as you know , the huge population in india creates the preconditions for a broad range and large number of potential consumers of european products . variegata
nevertheless , so far in the campaign , there have been widespread allegations of bias by the authorities against the opposition front-runner , mr yushchenko , ranging from the use of administrative resources dedicated to backing the incumbent prime minister yanukovych as a presidential candidate , to bizarre allegations of kgb-style poisoning with ricin . ricino
yes , there are issues to be answered on human rights and a whole range of other aspects . serie
the commitments into which the eu member states entered at the monterrey conference reflect the union ’ s leading role in international efforts to accomplish the millennium objectives and should find expression in the full range of the eu ’ s policy measures and in its decisions concerning the allocation of financial resources . gamma
all eu countries operate blanket exclusions against people with diabetes in certain posts , but the range of excluded occupations varies widely . settori
our whole life is defined by a network of human rights ranging from the inviolability of human dignity to equal opportunities for individuals , communities and generations . vanno
i congratulate the council particularly on its decision to implement in full article 67 of the treaty , so that qualified majority voting and a process of codecision can be applied for a range of topics under heading iv . serie
the new commission still has a higher proportion of women than any commission before it , and the commissioners bring with them a broad range of political experience and an in-depth knowledge of the european union . ventaglio
although i am in no doubt about her professional competence – and i underline that – i would like to reassert my concerns in relation to a range of conflicts of interest that may attach to mrs kroes as a direct result of her successful corporate career to date . serie
in fact , we have taken a whole range of measures , too many to list now , but the philosophy is as follows : when a service , and in particular the director-general responsible for competition , comes across a potential conflict of interests , he has the duty to point it out , but not to examine it , which is important , because the decision is not the responsibility of the director-general , but rather of the president of the commission . insieme
according to the annual report which our ombudsman has presented to us , to date he has been busy – and in this he has also been effectively aided by the network of european national and local ombudsmen – with a huge range of issues : tax provisions , project funding , rules on competition , discrimination on the grounds of gender , race , health , income or other reasons , late payments , contractual disputes , arbitrary discrimination , lack of transparency or the refusal of various eu institutions to provide access to information . gamma
there is a whole range of things that we have been doing for two years already , including projects in support of training , for example the training of local election observers , along with projects for the information of voters and for training the members of local electoral commissions and journalists , and projects relating to the reporting of elections or helping to reform legislation on elections and the media . NULL
furthermore , the high costs of therapy , which range from eur 7 000 to 12 000 per annum , must also be taken into account , as they are a major burden on a country ’ s health budget . vanno
that is olaf ’ s task and , moreover , there are plenty of such scandals throughout the range of eu activities . pullulano
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , let me say at the outset that colombia matters to us , being a country in which a number of the european union ’ s interests are involved , ranging from trade and investment to such issues as the production of and trade in drugs , criminal networks , terrorism , migratory flows and the regional dimension of the conflict that is going on there . convergono
i believe the stakes are these : either we choose a self-confident europe that is able to deal with the problems and challenges that it faces – which range from difficult relations with the islamic world to immigration and lasting differences – a europe which is starting the negotiations not lightly or ingenuously but fully aware of their political consequences , or we choose a europe which , perhaps out of respect for its catholic-christian identity , curls up into a ball and thinks it can best defend the well-being we have obtained by shutting itself off from the challenges vanno
the members of this house have expressed a huge range of opinions . spettro
second , turkey already participates in numerous community programmes in a wide range of areas such as culture , drugs , justice and home affairs , education , research and development . gamma
it is an outright collection of negative contents mixed up together , which would lead to an outright jungle where the fundamental rights of workers and citizens to high-quality services would be simultaneously violated , and it is therefore quite rightly opposed by the trade unions and by a wide range of social partners ; we call for its withdrawal . ampie
the action programme has funded a range of useful projects , exchanges of experts and workshops that build invaluable cooperation and also mutual assistance between the member states ' civil protection services . serie
the figures range from 3 000 to 7 000 on one night ; 15 000 later on and 100 000 people still suffering from debilitating diseases . oscillante
it provides a range of good reasons for the euro-specialists to be voting yes , but these are not always the reasons that will persuade a single mother in gdansk , or a shipyard worker in spain to do so . serie
thus , the range of norms that pertains to the whole of the community may extend in the long run , especially in the area of social issues . gamma
defining the union as a community of values , the constitution enshrines a canon of values ranging from the respect for human dignity , which is the highest good , to justice and solidarity . catalogo
our solidarity should be channelled into benefiting the wide range of sectors , groups and communities worst affected by the violence , and into fostering inter-community projects . gamma
there may be a substitution effect among suppliers to the advantage of the countries that are able to offer a full range of products , economies of scale , competitive prices and efficient services . gamma
first , a broad range of services is dealt with because many of the barriers identified are common to various service activities . gamma
similarly , our relations with the larger developing countries in asia and latin america in particular cover a broad range of objectives . gamma
the situation described by the honourable member certainly does not facilitate the commission 's role , but it does not prevent it from producing a broad range of policy initiatives , which have been the basis for the policy definition of the union in the important area of the fight against terrorism . gamma
it is absolutely crucial that , in a coherent and coordinated fashion , we use the entire range of eu instruments in the western balkans , in the middle east , in our relations with russia and ukraine and in our transatlantic relations . insieme
indeed , the accession of those countries entails a range of legal adaptations , in order that they can be placed on an equal footing in the areas of customs , the economy and competition . serie
the accession of those countries in fact entails a range of legal adaptations , in order that they can be placed on an equal footing in the areas of customs , the economy and competition . serie
a father , a mother and their 15-year-old daughter were abducted from their home and shot at close range just outside nicosia in the unoccupied part of cyprus . ravvicinata
nevertheless , the representation of civil society is increasing in the world economic forum , and there is a broadening range of participants in the world social forum . partecipanti
finally , the european union must mobilise a wide range of political instruments aimed at improving the fate of our neighbours in the world . gamma
the world social forum saw a large number of very pragmatic debates held on issues ranging from human rights for all – not only for people in western countries – to the protection of public property , as well as debates held in protest at cuts in social services , in protest at the war , in protest at debt – with particular reference to the question of when the debts of the countries affected by the tsunami will finally be cancelled – and in protest at poverty . spaziato
when we consider the age , sex , places of residence and range of occupations of the participants , the results are quite astonishing . diverse
your speeches , ladies and gentlemen , have confirmed the richness of the debate and have demonstrated the wide range of viewpoints on the subject of globalisation . ventaglio
in view of the extensive range of the provisions in the constitutional treaty for europe regarding the convergence of national legislations in the area of criminal , material and procedural law , we may conclude that the plan for a single criminal law area is taking on an increasingly clear outline . schiera
we are all aware that the eu faces a range of challenges , not least the growing hostility of many unchr member states to the very concept of country resolutions , a development thrown into sharp relief by the rejection of the eu 's draft resolutions on chechnya and zimbabwe at last year 's unchr . serie
funding is one part of that and i am pleased to report that a range of projects with the office of the high commissioner for human rights are in the pipeline this year . serie
the proposal for a directive incorporates into community law a range of international rules governing discharges , based on global agreements ( marpol ) and specifies which contraventions of the discharge rules are criminal offences , providing guidance concerning the nature of penalties to be imposed . serie
. – europe must not ignore the lessons of history if it is to gain a clear understanding of its sphere and range of action . raggio
in particular , my own amendments , which were supported by a large majority make it clear that this should be only part of a wide range of necessary measures to aid the fishing communities around the indian ocean . gamma
on average in the eu , only one in three permanent full-time jobs is held by a woman , and it is women who continue to suffer from direct and indirect wage discrimination , with wage differences ranging from 16 % to 30 % on average , and even higher in some countries . variano
it is simpler , it is more predictable and covers a broader range of products . gamma
mr president , on sunday , iran admitted that it had achieved proficiency in the full range of activities for enriching uranium . gamma
looking at the whole range of industrial tariffs , the honourable member will note that both the us and the eu maintain high import tariffs in some sectors , but not necessarily in the same ones . quadro
finally , i should like to mention establishing and improving energy dialogues with a wide range of energy producers , consumers and transit countries . gamma
by its very nature , the committee on petitions is a committee that is unique in terms of the extent and range of the work that comes its way .  
various initiatives are in place to do justice to the extent , range and specialisation of our work . portata
the extent and range of the union ’ s policies are growing , and specialisation sometimes involves difficult details . portata
their therapeutic use continues to increase , not only in terms of the frequency of use of tissues and cells , but also in the range of ways in which they can be used . diverse
how can it be explained that romanian clinics offer a wide range of egg cells for free ? numero
our new social agenda , our review of sustainable development and our action on climate change show the commission ’ s commitment to moving ahead across a wide range of areas . settori
the disappointing results at the end of its first half are , in essence , attributable to a too widely-dispersed range of goals . gamma
at this stage , it is a discussion document covering a wide range of questions and envisaging a range of possible solutions . ventaglio
the need to reach certain levels and achieve certain results , imposed by economic – sometimes colossal sums of money are involved – and political interests and mechanisms , which fly in the face of what ought to be the true values and aims of sport , fosters the use of a whole range of illicit substances that are often harmful to the health of sportsmen and women . gamma
the creation of an international instrument in this area will help to consolidate the sovereign and cultural rights of people and countries and foster the development of public policies on international cooperation , and will ensure that cultural products will not be considered merchandise and put at the mercy of free trade and that the citizens have a fundamental right to access to a wide range of cultural goods . serie
a number of you mentioned the need to take a wider look at the issue and at the causes of this kind of drought , which range from climate change to forestry policy . vanno
we then should allow member states to establish threshold values for a range of other substances . serie
the approach of the commission is to establish groundwater quality standards at eu level for nitrates and pesticides – on which many colleagues have commented – and to allow member states themselves to establish threshold values for a range of other substances such as arsenic and cadmium , a minimum list of which is set out in the directive . serie
i am strongly opposed to amendment 27 , which is intended to remove the distinction between ‘ coastal waters ’ and ‘ inland waters ’ in annex i. portugal has maintained a clear distinction between the two , given that epidemiological studies have demonstrated differences with regard to quality indicators and levels of bacteriological activity , using a range of different methods . gamma
there is a range of issues in this area to which we must return and in connection with which we must together devise practical objectives . serie
it is important to stress that , if an answer is to be found to this problem , action must be taken in several directions , ranging from development aid proper to reform of the security sector , by way of the actual destruction of these weapons . vanno
our first priority was to identify the range of actions needed to alleviate the consequences of the closure . identificare
this new directive covers employed persons and self-employed professionals in what are termed the regulated professions , that is to say , those in which skills are attested by qualifications , ranging from architects to heating engineers by way of nurses and pharmacists . partire
over the course of the past six years , for example , the quotas were only filled in 2001 , and the shortfall in the remaining years ranged from 3 % to 17 % . diminuiti
under the umbrella of the osce , the union is preparing , by means of its rapid reaction mechanism , a range of measures for assisting in the elections and in legislative reforms in the electoral field . serie
in our view , an information strategy should provide scope in the political debate for all views , ranging from those of people who recommend increased supranational government of the eu to those of people who recommend strictly intergovernmental cooperation . raccomandano
this proposal , which will need to be examined by the council by parliament , makes provision , among other things , for a significant reduction in the damage threshold for mobilising the fund , extends its scope and defines a broader range of eligible actions . gamma
we will be able substantially to deepen our cooperation across a wide range of sectors , and we must use all the possibilities offered by the existing partnership and cooperation agreement . serie
in 2001 , the scope of the money laundering directive was expanded to cover a much broader range of offences . gamma
in spite of its brevity , i believe that we have heard a whole range of approaches to the issue . gamma
our aim should therefore be to reduce the demand for artificial additives , which has been created by advertising and pseudoscientific lobbying , at the same time as ensuring that consumers have access to a wide range of genuinely safe and highquality organic food . gamma
the text , and also the contributions of the committee on women ’ s rights and gender equality , include a whole range of measures to guarantee real equality between men and women , not just with regard to access to jobs , but also with regard to other issues , such as salaries , professional promotion and harassment . serie
a wide range of instruments are available to us for measures at community level , including legislation , the open method of coordination , financial instruments , in particular the european social fund , and social dialogue . serie
we must continue to emphasise the importance of reducing unemployment by strengthening growth and increasing investment and competition , the level of service and the range of choices available to citizens . migliorando
this range of measures must involve , , fostering a culture of entrepreneurship , allaying the fears attached to risk-taking and setting up a simple and efficient administrative framework . insieme
i agree with mr bösch and other speakers that we have an extensive range of rules and programmes that may give rise to the possibility of fraud , but also offer great scope for mismanagement and weak control . gamma
we object to the commission ’ s plan to lay the groundwork for entities that have nothing to do with the rural world to be able to receive support that ought to be earmarked for farming , production and the rural world – in other words , for agricultural and forestry production and for farming as a whole – encompassing a huge and complex range of entities that can apply for funds within the framework of rural development . spettro
but it always has social support , and one of the keys to combating the phenomenon of terrorism is to be aware of the range of the organisation and of the social strata supporting it . raggio
nor must we lose sight of the fact that terrorism exploits the full range of resources and new technologies and that it has become a global and globalised phenomenon , a network which makes use of the internet just like any other globalised enterprise . serie
on the expenditure side , we have managed to make proposals with the potential to curb expenditure in a number of areas , while on the resources side , as a previous speaker indicated – i think it was a council representative – there will be increases ranging from about 8 to 15 % in the final analysis , depending on the items , if i recall the figure that was quoted a short time ago . 15
my vote should therefore be seen as a vote in favour of continuing talks so that the eu ’ s obligations on cohesion and solidarity can be met , and so that the financial needs arising from the enlargement and from a broader range of powers can be met , without that resulting in directing losses for the other budget headings , such as the structural funds allocations . gamma
a large number of proposals have been made as to how this might be done , ranging from an anti-terrorist convention to the delegation of the rights contained in chapter vii of the un charter to recognised regional organisations such as the african union or the european union . vii
clearly there are a whole range of issues of a political and security nature on this agenda to which you have referred , particularly the political challenges dealing with democracy , human rights and the rule of law . NULL
in this context , the commission is looking at a range of projects , including improving the management of prisons and treatment of detainees . serie
which ranges will be accepted by the commission in future ? margini
the european industrial fabric is made up of diverse sectors , ranging from the aerospace industry to the textile industry , and they require specific responses . vanno
in order to accomplish the objectives , the inter-american tropical tuna commission ( iattc ) , which is coordinating this programme , is proposing to put in place a range of measures , among which i should like to highlight the implementation of sustainable fishing quotas for tuna caught in the agreement area and the presence of on-board observers during each fishing trip . serie
we all eat tuna and we are all familiar with the wide range of dolphin-friendly labels that appear on tuna cans and jars . gamma
if this were to happen , it would have negative consequences in terms of labour market stability , economic output and social cohesion and would give rise to a whole range of other problems . numero
a range of common rights for all migrants in the eu should be drawn up , yet we must not lose sight of the fact that excessive ‘ generosity ’ in granting further rights , such as the right to vote , may result in more resistance and be the source of unwanted xenophobia . NULL
it contains a variety of proposals concerning the form to be taken by cooperation between the eu and the united states in a range of areas , including security policy , the environment , energy and the economy . svariati
child poverty is an eu-wide issue which touches the whole range of employment and social policies . affligge
i would like to stress that our dialogue is now fully political and over the years it has dealt with many issues ranging from regional and international security to the day-to-day concerns of the citizens , in parallel with the increasingly active role played on the international stage by both the european parliament and south korea . vanno
it must be said , given the broad range of views , that is going to be quite some challenge . una
it was not only in this respect that mr rothley ’ s original draft was markedly superior to the present text , for it embodied a parliamentary law that was , in a whole range of other areas , more modern and more comprehensible to the public than national rules , including those obtaining in germany , not least in such matters as the requirement that members make a contribution to their own pensions , for which no provision is made in the regulations of many national legislatures . serie
on many points , the code clarifies previously unclear rules derived from a range of legal sources . diverse
but we will reflect on all appropriate means to enhance communication on the interest of the single currency for our fellow citizens of the euro area through the widest possible range of tools at our disposal – press conferences , publication of the annual reports and monthly bulletins , and speeches delivered and articles published all over the euro area . ventaglio
despite that , the council , drawing on the study carried out by the scientific committee on toxicity , ecotoxicity and the environment , extended restrictions on phthalates in children ’ s toys to the age range from 0 to 3 years . fascia
but we should all recognise that a whole range of factors are involved in maintaining overall security of supply , not just transmission and interconnection . sistema
across the range of western balkan issues , the presidency will help the region make progress towards european standards and values . gamma
the european union is providing a range of instruments to help the authorities carry out the necessary reforms . gamma
discussion between the european union and china is now rightly on a broad range of topics , including regional security , human rights , environment , education , migration , climate change and transportation . gamma
the support schemes for local production comprise a range of as many as 56 micro-measures laid down by council regulations . gamma
the rural development programmes provide support to a broad range of forestry activities with funds to prevent fires and restore forests which have suffered damage . ventaglio
we must take account of the seriousness of the problem and consider the entire range of measures that need to be taken to deal with the situation . gamma
they have produced a whole range of publications on the subject . climatologi
animals and , most importantly , people in the area suffer from an incredible range – a tragic range – of diseases , the kind that demonstrate an environmental attack on the immune system . gamma
the draft directive transfers too broad a range of responsibilities to industrial entities . gravose
specific types of risks are not listed in this prescriptive text , because the range of risks constantly changes and expands depending on changes in the occupational environment . gamma
i have been approached by organisations ranging from the national farmers union to the federation of master builders , which are deeply worried about the impact on their businesses . vanno
similarly , and even if it understands the reasons that may lie behind them , the commission cannot accept amendment 18 in favour of rejecting the common position , amendments 21 and 24 that exclude , in particular , taking account of particularly vulnerable risk groups or the effects of interaction with photosensitive substances , and the full range of amendments 19 to 23 and 25 to 33 which exclude optical radiation from natural sources from the scope of the directive . interazioni
the range of occupational hazards is extremely broad , and the risk of harmful health effects and of developing chronic diseases is considerable . numerosissimi
let me now turn to the commission proposal , to which we have proposed a range of improvements and additions . serie
there is a wide range of views about future financing but , as i understand it , the united kingdom , as a presidency , is trying to be the honest broker and bring together these divergent views . gamma
rather , the united states authorities , on the basis of wide range of information , have determined that the individuals in question should not be allowed to fly to or over the territory of the united states , either because their presence in the united states is deemed unwelcome or , because by travelling on an aircraft they might pose a security risk .  
the range of measures is vast , but it is only by pushing all the levers that we will prevail . scelta
this report proposes a range of measures relating to education and the training of teachers and trainers , codes of conduct and information on illegal or suspicious activities on the network . serie
europe may well , at present , be outside the range of rockets from the middle east , but our also becoming a target is only a matter of time . mediorientali
with regard to improving tourist facilities , we have put forward a range of initiatives to improve access for people with reduced mobility and to ensure that those working in tourist services receive special training for this purpose . serie
we face increasing competition , and foreign tourism is influenced by more and more factors , ranging from the environment to transport problems , not forgetting issues of home security . vanno
furthermore , it is a labour-intensive industry and , as such , provides employment for a wide range of people . gamma
i therefore recommend that we have a ' european year of tourism ' , which would be accompanied by a wide range of events and programmes to highlight the social and economic importance of tourism . serie
russia needs to be present at the ministerial meeting about the northern dimension , to be held on 21 november 2005 , and then to participate fully in the entire range of the northern dimension ’ s activities . insieme
thanks to the practical support froma wide range of donors , the northern dimension environmental partnershipis showing how useful it is for meeting very specific and urgent needs . l
firstly , we are going to be judged on our votes on a whole range of draft directives . serie
i therefore put forward a range of points that i consider essential in the opinion of the committee on fisheries . della
we must consider implementing a range of permanent support measures in the area of the environment , given that most of the territory of these regions is made up of nature reserves and other protected areas . serie
. mr president , each successive enlargement of the european union triggered a range of emotions , but to date no enlargement has caused as many misgivings amongst europeans as the one involving turkey . emotive
that does not remove the obligation on the council or the commission to continue to make progress on a range of areas concerning europe 's future in the meantime . serie
much has already been achieved by the european union , it is right to acknowledge that in this sphere , with a range of regulatory and voluntary measures now in place , but it is clear that whilst significant potential for further improvements in energy efficiency remains , there are also barriers to now realising that potential . serie
the european union is already making an important contribution to improving conditions in the oil market , both in the short and medium-to-long terms , but there is a range of challenges ahead . molte
there is a wide range of such options to choose from , for example hybrid-drive systems , amongst others . gamma
again , i would respectfully refer him to the fact that , in my introductory remarks , i stressed that there is an energy dialogue – perhaps that will be something to which the commissioner will return – and that there is a continuing dialogue between russia and the european union during our presidency , not just on energy matters , but on a whole range of issues . serie
as kofi annan , the secretary-general said , and i quote directly , ' taken as a whole , the [ un summit ] document is still a remarkable expression of world unity on a wide range of issues ' . gamma
thus , in addition to the homepage of javier solana , the secretary general of the council and high representative for the common foreign and security policy , the council website provides access to press releases and a wide range of information of particular interest to the media on the activities of the council within the different policy areas . gamma
to conclude this agreement belgrade will need to meet a range of conditions set down by the european union . serie
i can assure you that the british presidency is fully aware of the range of issues involved in turkish accession . connesse
two : the high-level textiles group has recommended a range of political measures aimed at speeding up the process of revitalising the competitiveness of european textile regions , a recommendation accepted by the commission . serie
just like the eu or the us , china is likely to produce a broad range of industrial products . gamma
on our side we must use the whole range of instruments at hand to push these cases forward both bilaterally and multilaterally . gamma
whereas towns and cities are capable of stimulating development , they also bring a range of complex problems , such as congestion , accommodation requirements , pollution and social exclusion , owing to the economic , social and regional planning policies currently pursued . serie
it is driven by new technologies , new economic relations and national foreign policies of various entities , ranging from governments to civil societies . partire
each of these radical changes has had or will have a wide range of consequences , and you approached this possibility from a great many angles during the debate . numerose
alongside a number of emergency measures that need to be taken immediately , there is also a range of medium- to long-term measures that should also be adopted , in order to ensure that eel stocks are first recovered and then properly managed . insieme
to this end , this report puts forward a range of proposals , which have my wholehearted support . serie
it makes the requirement for data in the range between one and one hundred tonnes , which is of particular importance for small and medium-sized enterprises , more dependent on the potential risk from a substance , rather than only on the quantity in which it is produced . fascia
this lack of precision results from the cost distortions that such a regulation would cause , which apparently range from eur 3 to 180 billion , and from the benefits , which are estimated to amount to between eur 5 and 230 billion . cagionerebbe
there is a whole range of options that we are currently assessing to see if they are technically feasible . serie
there was also consensus on a package of actions to combat climate change through a diverse range of avenues : energy efficiency , cleaner power generation , research and development , financing of cleaner energy , managing the impacts of climate change , as well as combating illegal logging . serie
if we do the right things , we can also open up opportunities for companies and technology in a range of areas . serie
however , we have to ensure that we have a broad range of energy sources that are low in carbon . serie
the hampton court summit identified six key areas , backed up by a range of specific policies , in which the joint efforts of member states and of the commission can bolster europe ’ s economic prosperity and collective security . serie
europe has the scale and the range of policies to maximise the benefits of globalisation for its citizens and to minimise the threats . suoi
the answer is that the ecofin council on 8 november adopted conclusions listing a range of actions for both the commission and member states . serie
he ranged very widely indeed while claiming to speak for the people of east anglia , before having his microphone switched off . popolazione
to combat it as effectively as possible , we need to offer women , men and adolescents a complete range of care and services . serie
secondly , the analysis of poverty as a multidimensional phenomenon requiring a range of responses and a balance between the socio-economic and environmental pillars of sustainable development . gamma
the images presented to us over the past years – ranging from bse to the diseases of poultry and swine via the cullings for foot-and-mouth disease – did europe ’ s cultural credibility in the world ’ s eyes no good at all . abbattimenti
with the situation that we can currently observe , with people making great profits from the illegal trade in medicines across every border and by every route – ranging from the internet to across the traditional shop counter – i have to say that i have misgivings . varcando
i also believe that the range of services should be widened and should apply also for other services such as environmental services and restaurants . gamma
the report covers a range of measures aimed at preventing human infection , and we accordingly voted in favour . serie
so , let us take this first step together , in the knowledge that - as we saw during the expert hearings - there is still much to be done regarding tax rates and that thinking in terms of a range does not completely rule out any competition . forchetta
this is a very substantial range of achievements . serie
where the criminal offences were concerned , opinions ranged from ‘ applicable to all offences ’ to ‘ terrorism only ’ , and we agreed on : ‘ serious crimes as defined by national law , by reference to the european arrest warrant ’ . andavano
it is also left to the member states themselves to determine the period for which data is to be stored , within a range from 6 to a maximum of 24 months . compreso
i believe that a periodical review of the directive would be justified , particularly in respect of the range of data required by the authorities . insiemi
it includes information on the wide range of activities implemented by the european commission through the european initiative for democracy and human rights . gamma
these include areas where the eu has adopted human rights guidelines such as on the death penalty , torture , human rights defenders and the rights of children , including their involvement in armed conflict , as well as on other issues , ranging from human rights and terrorism to democracy and elections and the international criminal court . vanno
our presidency has sought to use the six months since june to build on the broad range of existing eu commitments . spettro
the human rights dimension impacts increasingly on the european union ’ s external relations with a range of countries around the world : the human rights dialogue with china ; the dialogue with iran – though , regrettably , we have not had a dialogue round for more than a year , but we hope to have one again ; the human rights consultations with russia ; the local human rights dialogues at the level of the heads of missions of the european union in numerous other countries ; and , specifically , our developments under the european neighbourhood policy molti
i am always impressed by the range of human rights issues on which members of the european parliament are active . numero
we remain convinced , on the basis of our extensive consultations with other member states , including at the level of heads of government over the last week when a number of heads of government came to london and there was a range of bilateral contact beyond london , that these proposals remain the best and only basis for agreement within the council and subsequent discussion with parliament . vari
its approval by both a majority in the elected parliament and by a qualified majority of governments in the council is proof of its acceptability to a wide range of opinions . raccoglie
that is why it is important that we in this house should get to the bottom of what has been going on and , without prejudice or prior judgment , but also without averting or shutting our eyes to the facts , should examine whether such things – ranging from abduction to torture – have been engaged in on european soil . sequestri
firstly , many of us are disappointed that following the defeat of the constitution , the opportunity has not been seized to have a wide ranging and open discussion about the nature and direction of the eu in order to take full account of the real wishes of our citizens and make it more relevant to the needs of the 21st century . colta
it is right to recognise that , even before the decisive votes in france and the netherlands , there had been , in the case of spain , a referendum which had found in favour of the draft constitutional treaty and a whole range of other countries had in turn ratified the draft constitutional treaty by parliamentary procedure . molti
in 2003 there was a range within member states of between 24 % and 100 % of the infringements that were actually followed by a sanction . sanzione
the real plus point here , however , and the reason for my full support , has been the increased funding made available for a range of programmes that impact directly on the lives of europe ’ s citizens , such as life and socrates . serie
further initiatives include a range of measures to inform disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility of their rights . serie
i also agree with the rapporteur , however , that a more stable solution needs to be found than the one in the commission ’ s proposal , a solution that would preclude the need to use a range of provisional procedures that cause problems for community operators and the fisheries sector in the third country . serie
such organisations , ranging from children 's charities to consumer groups , are not present in very large numbers in russia . vanno
violent acts , ranging from insults to torture and murder , are to be deplored everywhere . dalle
human beings appear to be less valuable than animals , and every year sees an enormous increase in the number of women and children who are trafficked ; in the absence of solid statistics and figures , estimates range between 800 000 and 3-4 million women and children every year . oscillano
the new version of the directive includes selling off ports to the private sector , together with the entire range of port services : loading and unloading , stevedoring and storage . gamma
there is a wide variety of reasons for repudiating it , ranging from the social aspect to the bureaucracy involved , not to mention our sense that there is something undemocratic about a commissioner past her sell-by date reintroducing a proposal that has already been rejected . vanno
let me remind the house of the wide range of measures that are already in hand which address our security of supply needs : both legislative measures , such as the tens directive , and actions by the industry in building pipelines , storage and lng facilities . serie
we must have viable and diverse energy sources quickly , with a wide range of supply arrangements and networks of conveyance , and time is of the essence : our bedrooms could get cold at any time . serie
this specific criterion would be very difficult to define and might cover a broad range of organisations for which there would be no justification in recognising , for environmental purposes , the right of access to such a review procedure . gamma
the diseases acquired in this way range widely in severity . contratte
the broad range of challenges covered includes climate change and clean energy , natural resources , transport , public health , social exclusion , demographics and immigration and global poverty . vari
it appears , however , that some countries are finding it difficult to uphold the full range of freedoms on which the eu was initially based . gamma
there are various agents that can cause illnesses ranging from nausea to skin eruptions , but also others that are potentially fatal . vanno
in this resolution , however , there is a range of proposals which i believe go beyond what i feel should be parliament ’ s scope and which , to my mind , impinge upon what should be the scope of individual countries . serie
various experts have worked out an immense range of possible solutions , which languish in their desk drawers ; the time has come for us to give our closer attention to them and to their implementation , and , at long last , to work together towards a common goal . gamma
a whole range of them have been expressed , but one thing that has been said does strike me as corresponding to the majority view in the council , and that is that the european union , at this present time , before we get a clearer view of the situation , should keep every realistic and reasonable option open , for what we have learned from our experiences over the past year is that quick , perhaps even premature or precipitate estimates of the situation get us nowhere in this debate . NULL
i lend my full backing to this report , and particularly welcome the idea of extending the charter to cover a wider range of countries , not only eu candidate countries but also mediterranean countries , which will help develop the european neighbourhood policy . numero
the rapporteurs are right to note that there are a number of options available to the union , ranging from abandoning the constitutional project altogether , continuing to try to ratify the present text unamended , seeking to clarify or add to the present text , restructuring or modifying the text or embarking upon a complete rewrite . figurano
there is a whole range of possibilities , and i can assure you that it is in no way a one-off appeal that i am making . serie
the ranges i propose are quite extensive in terms of intervals , not to mention the fact that , below the smallest size and above the largest , there are no restrictions whatsoever . NULL
however , we in the committee on industry are disappointed to see proposals from that committee to introduce fixed , harmonised , mandatory sizes on a whole range of staple products which have not previously been so harmonised . serie
there is a vast range of other products apart from the exemptions that are included in this praiseworthy proposal , and we should not forget that when talking about some of the specific issues . comprende
an eu communication policy must be based on the fundamental recognition that all eu citizens have certain rights , for example , the right to fair and full information about the european union ; the right to hear the full range of views about the eu ; and the right to have their voices heard by policy makers . spettro
we also need to discuss together how to ensure that all views are fairly represented in these debates and how we can provide citizens with full , fair and factual information through a wide range of channels , not only the press , radio and television but also the internet . gamma
according to the proposal , mandatory ranges could be justified in very specific sectors , such as wines , spirits , soluble coffee , aerosols and white sugar , where community rules had already fixed harmonised mandatory sizes . gamme
all sectors may manufacture , and consumers may purchase , products within a potentially infinite range of sizes . gamma
the report also considers that some other staple foods , namely coffee , butter , salt , rice , pasta and drinking milk , should continue to be subject to mandatory ranges , as a derogation to liberalisation . gamme
in european history , we have a lot to learn from a whole range of different experiences where state aid is concerned . molteplici
the commission is also funding numerous technical assistance projects with an impact on human rights , ranging from , for instance , improving police training to modernising the judicial system in partner countries . vanno
i finish by saying that as human rights feature more prominently in a range of foreign and security policy domains , and as cross-cutting issues demand more consistent participation , our knowledge and proficiency must be drawn on as joint decision-maker when it comes to initiating consultations and suspending agreements on the basis of human rights . settori
i also want to recall that our agreements have a wide range of policy goals . ventaglio
the fact that our report was adopted in committee unanimously but for a few abstentions shows that a wide range of members from all the political families will call on the commission to at last do something about this , and i use the words ‘ at last ’ in view of the fact that the commission ought to have stirred itself into action as long ago as may 2004 , when its communication on the share of renewable energy in the eu was presented .  
these innovations could substantially extend our range of energy sources . gamma
it is also necessary that projects should yield a return on investment in them , and here a wide range of options are available to us . gamma
at the same time , the eu must offer incentives to increase the competitiveness of european industry by developing a whole range of instruments , as referred to in the lisbon strategy . serie
i welcome the fact that they recognise that a whole range of barriers to the provision of these services will have to be abolished while , of course , permitting certain restrictions on well-defined public policy grounds . serie
another question is the range of services . tipologia
in order to respond quickly and effectively to serious emergencies , the eu has at its disposal a range of instruments , such as this regulation , which is at the development stage . serie
it is therefore alarming that in that 80 % range we are lagging with indifference behind our competitors . arranchiamo
the working paper is going to be a stock-taking exercise to capture the wide range of different circumstances across the member states , but at the same time – and i keep reiterating this – my views on ownership and media pluralism have not changed . gamma
i should also point out that , in response to the opening-up process , the footwear industry has been extensively restructured and now concentrates its production on the higher price range in particular . gamma
i believe , on the basis of the facts , that there is a margin within the supply chain to absorb a small duty on import costs by spreading it across product ranges and the distribution chain . gamme
as a result , we need to take into account a range of european producer interests in assessing our interests in this matter . ventaglio
i can assure you i will reflect on them and on the observations made by member states so that when i come back to the commission with final recommendations i will be able to do so having heard the variety , diversity and range of different points and arguments that have been made . ampiezza
it concerns only nine pairs of shoes from every 100 pairs bought by european consumers ; in other words , a fraction of the product range . gamma
the european arrest warrant applies to a broader range of offences than those covered by the extradition procedure . gamma
it is preferable to follow the developments in the next two years from a close range . evoluzioni
according to this legislation , which entered into force on 1 january 2005 , international adoption is a last resort , if a suitable in-country solution , ranging from smaller homes to foster care , cannot be found . vanno
they normally carry out both previously agreed and on-the-spot missions with visits to different kinds of establishments in different fields , ranging from the rule of law – i.e. the court system and prosecutors ’ offices – to the field of childcare and mental health . vanno
europe ’ s economic future depends on having the best educated and trained people , with a full range of skills and the adaptability required for a knowledge economy . serie
strategies need to be devised enabling people to remain active as they get older , as well as to be offered a range of retirement options and to be integrated into the wider life of society . scegliere
regional products and foodstuffs have to support regional development and broaden the range of tourist attractions , including agro-tourism . gamma
it will help both to preserve natural and cultural heritage , and to extend the range of high-quality products to a growing number of demanding and well-informed consumers . offerta
we need to concentrate on all those ranges of disease where there is public concern , whether it is heart or respiratory , rheumatological or brain disease . cardiache
we also need to think of the entire range of medical science , including those newest areas , like complementary medicine , which can play their part . articolazioni
– mr president , as a doctor i would like to draw particular attention to the fact that modern science is seeking the psychological basis of the majority of diseases defined as psychosomatic , ranging from obesity to circulatory problems and high blood pressure , as well as autoimmune diseases and tumours , and that a knowledge-based society , and particularly the legislators in the european union , should be informed of this . psicosomatiche
their effectiveness is well known , and the french example testifies to that : tax incentives for families , parental leave , financial assistance and , above all , the provision of child-care – out of school child care , a range of facilities for the care of very young children and care for children with disabilities . gamma
i do not underestimate the problems of communicating such a debate to a population of 450 million with over two dozen languages , but we do have the technology today : we have satellite tv , radio , webcasting , a vast range of communication tools which we can use , and i do not believe that cost should be used as an excuse , because the cost of not doing it , the cost of not having an open , public , lively debate in europe is the failure to create a future for europe . gamma
as we know , the demographic situation on the european continent and the phenomenon of globalisation make it imperative that we carry out a range of reforms to the social and economic models of many eu member states . serie
we have had a range of workers , of all skill levels . arrivati
on the paragraph relating to nama , i called for flexibility in the number and range of coefficients used in formulating tariff cuts , so as to leave adequate policy space for developing countries to choose the rate at which they liberalise . portata
the action programme , which we adopted last year , provides for the repeal , codification , recasting or modification of some 220 legal acts covering a wide range of policies . spettro
were sufficient funds available – which they are not – we would have certainly been able to fund a wide range of projects that would have touched all those groups . ventaglio
no other cultural action in the european union has the same range today or , most importantly , the same projection and mass participation on the part of citizens . portata
yet the range of challenges to global health today is wide and the prospects of achieving the international goals are daunting . elenco
central to each and every health system are the people working in it and for it ; having the right workers with the right skills in the right place doing the right things is fundamental to being able to address the full range of health challenges in a country . elenco
however , these elements also include health stewardship – the range of functions carried out by governments as they seek to achieve health objectives , sustainable health financing , efficient and effective health service delivery and the application of health knowledge , technology and infrastructure . novero
as you know , we agreed on the need to address that problem through a whole range of measures . serie
there is a broad range of support possibilities via state aid , such as rescue and restructuring aid for farmers running into difficulties . gamma
this framework has allowed the assembly to discuss and reach agreement on a broad variety of issues ranging from governance over finance to trade questions . vanno
secondly , we agree that corruption is a very complex phenomenon which needs to be addressed through a whole range of different measures . ventaglio
in general , i think , we have covered a really broad range of issues , but we now need to work together to actually achieve all of it , which will make the summit a real success . ventaglio
as the rapporteur , there were certain goals of which i never lost sight : a functioning internal market in ucits ; an attractive and safe range of products for investors , particularly for small investors ; and an efficient asset management industry that would have no need to fear increasingly global competition . gamma
ucits are products that in some respects were designed for a broad range of savings , that is to say , for small and large investors . tipi
we must work on a good range of financial services , well-qualified work force , and suchlike . gamma
at the end of the day it is only through a positive partnership and a complete range of pro-innovation policies that we will be able to deliver growth in jobs in the european union . gamma
unfortunately , it is a very complicated idea , because a huge range of stakeholders need to come together – the car industry , the telecoms industry , emergency services , public authorities – to get this introduced on a coherent basis on a common platform . schiera
since it is in particular the purchasers of vehicles in the lower price bracket who are wary of spending more money on safety equipment , i would like to see the motor industry introduce the system throughout their ranges in order to reduce the costs to a minimum as soon as possible . introducesse
accordingly , individual countries and nations are implementing a range of measures to protect their languages . serie
it is appalling that the proposals to broaden the range of languages , including those of immigrants , were rejected . ventaglio
all credit to the commission for extending the scope of marco polo ii in its proposal to include motorways of the sea actions and a reduction in transport , and also for the fact that there are more opportunities for inland shipping , so that a whole range of alternative and environmentally-friendly modes of transport can help promote the modal shift via this programme . gamma
against this backdrop , and fine-tuning the previous programme , marco polo ii contains a broader and more complete range of necessary and welcome incentives and measures , which will be applicable not only on eu territory but also in neighbouring regions , and this is to be welcomed . gamma
yet the drop of stock levels over past decades seems to be outside the normal range of variation . successione
i feel that the main issue before us is that the previous situation led to a range of legislative processes in a state of limbo that no longer had any reason to exist , but that had also not been repealed . serie
i would like to thank you for a very constructive and responsible debate , which also reflects the wide range of views in european civil society . spettro
the community has only limited powers in this area , of course , and the commission therefore supports the use of a whole range of instruments , including an anti-discrimination programme , national action plans for social inclusion and the european social fund . gamma
moreover , the common economic space agreed during the eu-russia summit in may 2005 includes cooperation in a wide range of energy-related activities . gamma
i consider this figure to be just about acceptable , although the tolerance limits can be expected to differ greatly in this measurement range and the tolerances can be expected to be very high .  
in addition to the internal market aspect , european standardisation has the potential to support a whole range of community policy measures capable of increasing the competitiveness of european enterprises . insieme
there have been negotiations between europe and 25 states , whose public expenditure share of gdp ranges between 45 % and 50 % , and which , in return for handing over between 30 % and 40 % of their functions to europe , give it 1 % of their money . 50
this programme is of great value as a means towards more ' environmentally friendly ' mobility , but , if we want to take the pressure off the roads , other means of transport , ranging from waterways to railways , will have to be highly efficient . dalle
a range of issues have been addressed , and i would just like to touch very briefly on one or two of them . numerose
mr agnoletto and others discussed the human rights clauses and raised the issue of whether the european union , the council and the commission , should actually apply these clauses – which are to be found in a range of treaties – or whether we should do no more than apply ourselves to a sort of numerosi
madam president , the idea that six regulations that are not subject to codecision and concern a range of detailed topics could be integrated into a single regulation and be labelled part of the better regulation effort is unacceptable to my group . serie
– madam president , commissioner , mr president-in-office of the council , i would like to thank the council and the commission for the success of the negotiations that we have held on a range of instruments for which the committee on foreign affairs is responsible , and also the three rapporteurs , two of whom had to deal with matters subject to codecision , for having conducted proceedings in a manner worthy of codecision , the result of which is that we can be quite certain , if the human rights instrument is added , of bringing matters to serie
cities face a range of problems . serie
the reports rightly consider a whole range of measures aimed at improving risk prevention and the response to crises . ventaglio
we feel that the fund should be adapted to the specific characteristics and the actual needs of the different countries faced with a very wide range of different disasters , as in the mediterranean area . ventaglio
the report provides a whole range of examples of how to go about this . svariati
here is another result : what do the people polled think about the role played by the european union in fifteen or so areas ranging from environmental protection to the fight against terrorism , via social policy , with the protection of social rights only appearing at the end of the list ? vanno
we came out of the 2005 summit with eight declarations on a wide range of issues which guided our collaboration . ventaglio
regarding international questions it has been pointed out that in recent months progress has been achieved on a range of issues . serie
there is also the issue of extending the action beyond 2008 , and stimulating dialogue across the large range of initiatives already underway in community programmes . numerose
this dialogue , however , must be based on the conviction that culture is made up of a whole range of very diverse values and traditions – including religious traditions – and respect for all cultural sensitivities and all religious beliefs , and i believe that the latter are a private matter for each individual . gamma
– mr president , the principle of equal opportunities and equal treatment for men and women in terms of access to work and work-related activities must be implemented across a wide range of areas . gamma
we now have the opportunity to move forward and to regulate a range of existing legislation , such as the equal pay directive , the directive on the implementation of the principle of equal treatment for men and women in occupational security schemes and the directive on the implementation of the principle of equal treatment for men and women as regards access to employment , vocational training and promotion , and working conditions . serie
france has already tackled the problem and installed the latest range of modern nuclear reactors , to the extent that they now supply about 70 % to 80 % of its electricity needs . installato
secondly , on preparedness : this excellent report covers a wide range of matters which need to be put into operation . gamma
as you yourselves have already emphasised , there are a whole range of structural obstacles preventing the achievement of a more just society . diversi
– mr president , mr president of the commission , madam vice-president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , in a few days ’ – even hours ’ – time , the austrian council presidency will experience a high point in the shape of the european council , which will give us the opportunity to address and discuss a whole range of issues to which our presidency has been attending , and to lay down results . serie
this guideline has now been completely renewed under the austrian presidency and further developed into an ambitious , comprehensive new strategy for a whole range of key fields such as climate change , clean energy , transport , and emphasis on sustainable consumption and production patterns . serie
so far , plan d has been a successful exercise in terms of setting off a wide range of activities , and i believe we have started to think and reason somewhat differently . gamma
we cannot only look at gdp growth , but must also consider a range of other factors . serie
in line with the instructions of the european council of december 2005 , we now have a single , coherent document that brings together aims , tasks , indicators and a whole range of specific actions for essential eu policy areas . gamma
we have had a whole range of contacts and positive conversations with representatives of the european parliament . serie
to achieve this aim , the lisbon strategy comprises actions in a wide range of policy areas , many of which are central to sustainable development strategy , such as energy efficiency , environmental technologies resource use , and others . gamma
let me assure you that in doing so it will draw on the full range of sustainable development indicators . serie
we see it as an indisputable truth – and as one that we must join together in communicating throughout europe – that the production of biofuels and bio-propellants of every kind , ranging across the whole spectrum from biodiesel to ethanol , cannot work if it is detrimental to the environment . biodiesel
having visited plenty of environmental conferences over the last few months , i can tell you that it is also important that we should take care that consideration is given to the sustainability principle in the international trade in biofuels , which are produced using the whole range of methods and the most varied raw materials . gamma
what i mean by that is that we , in the agricultural reform of 2003 , with a view to sustainability and to the creation of a new source of income for rural areas in europe , took steps to make use of 1.5 million hectares of sustainable raw materials for the whole range of alternative forms of energy in all areas , and it has to be clear to us today that we are very far from making full use of those 1.5 million hectares . gamma
lack of experience has meant that many mistakes have been made , and natura 2000 in the broadest sense of the term has for that reason often got a bad name for itself , but , in those regions and countries in which it has been implemented well , not only with dialogue with landowners in devising the management plans but also with an appropriate range of direct payments on offer , the system has been effective . ventaglio
it will update the single passport for investment firms , allowing them to operate across the european union on the basis of an effective single authorisation and across a wide range of financial instruments . serie
aside from stimulating cross-border competition , it will diversify the range of products and services that investors can access and markets that firms can tap into . gamma
the report indicated that the range of measures approved should guarantee that similar discrepancies will not recur . precisato
promoting human rights and democratic principles is a task that has a global range ; it is also the task of the european parliament . portata
it paved the way for action across a wide range of policies . gamma
you were right to point out that a range of matters have been finalised in the councils of ministers . ministri
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the outcome of the austrian presidency is in essence a europe of results , ranging from the achievements in controlling immigration to the revival of the role of small and medium-sized enterprises and the involvement of the national parliaments in european integration . conseguiti
in the long run , european investors and european corporations seeking to raise capital will be best served by world-class institutions doing business in a world-class regulatory framework deploying cutting-edge technology and able to provide the breadth and range of services they want . dettaglio
on clearing and settlement issues , in the course of our work we have been trying to determine the best range of measures – legislative or not – that will deliver improved competitiveness in these areas . gamma
moreover , the differences in collection percentages are still very high , ranging from 59 % in belgium to 16 % in france . va
of these amendments i should like to highlight one point : the commission ’ s original version established a range of measures that were the target of funding but whose actions varied as to whether the region benefiting from the funding was a convergence objective region or one that came under the competitiveness and employment objective . serie
they range from the case of general motors to that of so many small and medium-sized enterprises right up to what is taking place , for example , in the eaton factory , in piedmont , a business in which the restructuring process and the failure to comply with trade union agreements are seriously threatening jobs . tante
a regional level nuts ii for establishing consortiums is the minimum level required in order to provide sufficient geographical coverage for the comprehensive range of services essential to the job of successfully implementing european policy in this area . ventaglio
an equally important requirement for the envisaged consortiums should be to ensure the comprehensive range and high quality of support services . gamma
there cannot in fact be an economy based solely on intangible networks , information and software without a solid foundation of manufacturing , producing primary goods , ranging from finished products to machinery , and from essential goods to luxury goods . voluttuari
informal reports indicate that the reasons for kidnapping range from political to purely criminal motivations and there is no excuse for that . spaziano
the laying down of safety standards – ranging from construction to the rules on the transport of hazardous goods , by way of regulations on instruments – takes up nearly 500 pages . partire
the union has a far more comprehensive range of tools at its disposal than many other global players . insieme
we need to take a thorough look at the range of options that the union has , including agreement on common policies on legal immigration . completa
this regulation provides for a range of technical provisions that will have a far-reaching impact on safety , which in general terms is to be welcomed . serie
the commission ’ s communication gives a detailed overview of the 27 manufacturing sectors and , with sensitivity , combines a range of sectoral actions with cross-sectoral policy initiatives . serie
we are reserving the work conclusions reached in the past few months , and those that we hope to reach over the next few months , for the concluding report ; but it is now our duty to inform you of a vast and general range of offences , involving various european countries and different levels of responsibility : some have been complicit , some have covered up the illegal operations and some have simply looked the other way . voltato
this is a highly detailed report that deals with a very wide range of subjects . gamma
until someone has explained to me how it can be called fair trade when i buy state-produced juice and my money goes to a communist dictatorship i demand that all oxfam products be removed from the range of goods on offer in parliament , because that is not fair trade . assortimento
this proposal forms part of a range of measures taken by the union aimed at reducing access for terrorists to financial and other economic resources . serie
as we know , the problem of the forest fires and other disasters cannot be waved away overnight with a magic wand , particularly given that they are often down to a complex range of factors , such as the climate and negligence or crime on the part of human beings . serie
a very wide and rich range of issues was raised , from trans-boundary pollution – fires in russia , which should of course be raised in the framework of eu-russia cooperation – to stricter criminal laws regarding arson and arsonists , which lie within the exclusive competence of the member states . serie
another important point has been to specify that the term ‘ child ’ or ‘ young person ’ covers the age range from newborn to 18 years , although the measures may of course target young people up to the age of 25 . fascia
i am sure , too , that the doubling of its budget is not only encouraging but also necessary , constituting as it does a broadening of the range of goals and actions . serie
i support the compromise amendment in that , on the one hand , it enables us to grant funding to very specific organisations that are already operational , but with this second organisation , on the other hand , the range of potential funding beneficiaries is made a little broader . tipologia
accordingly , we can welcome the helpdesk services provided to the organisations involved , and the extension of aid to a broader range of ngos , which has become necessary due to the international proliferation of organised crime . numero
the eu is a visible and important actor in matters ranging from development to crisis management . spaziano
it is one of the strengths of the union that it has at its disposal a wide range of resources , from humanitarian aid to its policies on agriculture , trade , development and the environment . gamma
broadly-based cooperation , ranging from trade to human rights , will benefit both parties and will also lend support to russia ’ s democratic development and stability . ambo
the eu has at its disposal a range of individual instruments that will help the member states to press ahead with modernisation . gamma
lifestyles should diversify , because where we gamble on cheap labour , such as in the asian economies , there is dwindling choice and the range of opportunities for economic growth also diminishes . gamma
the report also recognises what a number of people have said , which is that there is a clear need to modernise and adapt the model to respond to the wide range of challenges we face : demographic and technological change , globalisation and so on . spettro
sadly , it is in the new member states that there are the least jobs available and those that do exist are of a poor quality , the pay most often ranging between 200 and 500 euros per month , while the cost of living is almost on a par with the rest of europe . varia
. ladies and gentlemen , i am grateful for the opportunity to take part in this extremely lively debate which has looked at the european social model from a range of perspectives . molte
the principal recommendations and benchmarks ranged from an emphasis on the usefulness of external advice in preventing insolvencies via the role of up-to-date and reliable insolvency legislation in promoting settlements and restructuring measures through to the importance of drawing a clear distinction between fraudulent and non-fraudulent bankruptcy , while the report also set out the various relevant legal consequences . andavano
mr cornillet quoted a whole range of revealing figures . gamma
the second point is a strong emphasis on a wide range of approaches with regard to the need for prevention and for users and local services to be actively involved at all levels in the global strategy , and even more so in the area of prevention . modulazioni
mental health problems cover a multitude of things and can range from eating disorders in girls or young women , alcoholism , drug addiction , through to behavioural problems , depression , as well as other psychiatric illnesses . andare
why does he not choose to use the people who are currently working for the agency in pristina as a first core of eu people who will soon be able to guide kosovo 's independence from very close range and with much expertise and know-how ? vicino
it marks the beginning of a new phase in the eu ’ s relations with albania and creates a new framework for partnership in a wide range of fields . gamma
israel must recognise that its own existence depends upon there being peace now that new weapons with a longer range are available . gittata
it is absolutely clear that a state of peace is also the main precondition for improving the humanitarian situation and , because of that too , we will need a comprehensive and long-term political solution to the whole range of problems that exist in this region . duratura
there is particular eu expertise on a range of issues relating to internal stability where china wants help , for instance on energy , the environment , regional integration and public health , and we should exploit this as fully as possible . serie
our group ’ s suggestion , which was rejected , was to get the commission to give us regular updates on the different sectoral dialogues , which now cover a wide range of areas from space technology to enterprise regulation , from environmental issues to education and the information society . gamma
similarly , on the principle of non-interference , china has good relations with maverick regimes ranging from venezuela to zimbabwe . vanno
the truth is that the increasing importance that consumers attach to sustainable development has led to a disconcerting range of private labels , without any kind of control , which may undermine their initial purpose , that is , as guarantees of a catching and processing system that respects the environment . gamma
. – mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if the importance of cultural heritage in europe ’ s rural and island regions is to be recognised , we must go beyond the mere statements of principle on which politicians are so often keen , and urgently adopt a complete range of measures aimed at protecting , restoring and promoting it . serie
. – mr belder ’ s report is meant to be exhaustive in covering the range of violations committed by the people ’ s republic of china , both in terms of its international trade commitments at the wto ( dumping in all its guises , counterfeiting and piracy , obstacles faced by china ’ s trade partners in accessing its market , etc ) and of human rights . serie
they cover a vast gamut of activities , ranging from the major network services – the energy , telecommunications , transport and postal services – to health and social services and water and waste-management services . vanno
on the political front , because the debate on public services overshadowed the rest of the european debate , it poisoned the debate on the constitutional treaty , and it was blighted by the initial proposal for a directive on services in the internal market , since that proposal included a vast range of social services and services of general economic interest within its scope . gamma
the pressure of globalisation and new technologies has clearly highlighted a number of gaps in a range of key skills , which make it more difficult for workers to adapt to increasingly flexible labour markets . serie
moreoverfurther to this range of safeguard measures for the eu funds , financial corrections can take place if individual or systemic irregularities are found in the regular financial controls . gamma
it will be based on a wide range of information sources , including both official government data and the analyses of turkish and other non-governmental organisations , or even of large international institutions . ventaglio
the pericles programme covers a broad range of actions organised not just within the eu , but also in third or candidate countries . serie
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we accept that the euro needs to be adequately protected by means of a range of integrated , effective measures involving close cooperation at both european and international level . serie
the areas forming the basis of bilateral eu-india relations , as covered by the three eu-india subcommittee meetings , range from economic policy , dialogue and cooperation , including on industrial policy , science and technology , finance and monetary affairs , the environment , clean development and climate change , energy cooperation , information and communication technologies , civil aviation , maritime transport , space technology , agriculture and marine policy , customs , employment and social policy , business cooperation and development cooperation , to trade and investment and the bringing together of peoples and cultures . vanno
i also wish to thank all of the organisations in the sector , who , by staunchly protecting fisheries and the workers in the sector , have helped the report to include a range of proposals that we feel address the serious social and economic crisis facing the sector . serie
there should also be a range of measures to guarantee the income of those working in the sector , for example in the setting of first-sale prices , which entails a review of the current rules of the common organisation of the market in fishery products . varie
these measures include fishing quotas , restrictions on fishing time , a wide range of subsidies and other forms of assistance . gamma
considering the very wide range of products on the market and the number of processed products that contain one or more imported ingredients , it is clear that imports are vital for the development of the organic sector within the european union . gamma
we europeans have to be aware of the fact that we will not remain leaders in a range of markets and technologies for ever , and that there are many markets in which we have already lost it , and along with it the power to control many technologies ; one thinks of the pharmaceutical industry , more and more of which is moving away from europe , and microelectronics , a sphere in which more and more of the discoveries are being made in asia . numerosi
this is a multidisciplinary field which opens up a whole range of new opportunities and of solutions to citizens ’ and companies ’ real needs , and it is therefore expected to make a great contribution to the european union 's achievement of its sustainable development and competitiveness objectives . panorama
the report indicates a range of obstacles to be overcome . serie
there is a whole range of framing and supporting measures that we need to consider , most of them directed at smaller companies . gamma
it is important for the activities of this agency to make allowance for the council of europe ’ s range of activities in order to avoid overlap and achieve synergy in collaboration between the two organisations . gamma
as chairman of the committee on development and cooperation , i should like to add a word on the need for the public authorities to assist orphan drugs and a whole range of treatments which are vital to the third world - such as vaccines - but which are not profitable enough to allow laboratories to produce them or conduct the research prior to production . gamma
it should be obvious that by increasing their energy efficiency , the eu member states will be able to reduce their consumption of energy , exploit a range of non-renewable energy sources more rationally , decrease their dependence on energy imports and reduce the volume of co2 emissions , which are the main cause of the greenhouse effect . sfruttare
despite the difficulties arising from the situation in italy , and contrary to the rather pessimistic forecasts that were widespread even in the european parliament , at turin the italian presidency proposed a range of content for the conference which corresponds suitably to the expectations of parliament and of everyone who believes in europe . coacervo
beyond the visible and immediate effects on children , the world health organization 's scientists concluded that radioactivity has a range of effects on health , including higher rates of cancers and heart disease . diversi
mr president , this directive is the missing link in a range of chemical directives . insieme
the market is predominantly structured around smes , since the range of different applications for biocidal products makes it possible to cater for individual markets . diverse
we also know that methods involving comparative assessments have resulted in a broader range of products being available and in more companies coming onto the market . offerta
the net result of this directive , unless the burden on small shops is lightened , will be that small shops either narrow the range of their products or else they go out of business . gamma
our number one concern must be to forestall any distortions in the single market by creating a new european monetary system - an ems ii - which seeks to keep real exchange rates within a certain range . banda
i regard this as an absolutely essential point , because technology assessment helps to broaden the range of instruments available for technological forecasting . strumentazione
in europe , on the other hand , life has become the banner of environmental protection , a programme which certainly does not have the range of the structural funds which should be used to restore and protect the environment , yet the experience of the first three years has shown that the projects financed by life have produced great added value , especially in terms of demonstration and example . portata
as regards the strategies and measures to be laid down in the future protocol to the convention , the union has already put forward proposals covering a wide range of fields , such as economic instruments , standards for the energy efficiency of products , transport and renewable sources of energy . gamma
the treaty itself establishes a useful range of procedures - maximum economic guidelines , convergence programmes and procedures covering excessive deficits - in order to secure effective coordination . insieme
we have before us a first class report , and i would like to congratulate mr von wogau on the intellectual range that he has displayed in producing it . congratularsi
it has an unmatched range of flexible facilities . eguali
there is a whole range of technical improvements that have been tried and that work . serie
so we have a whole range of measures on both sides of the equation . serie
for instance , you , mrs péry , tackle a range of issues on which i am in agreement ; however , when we come to the problem of the market , a problem to which many of you have referred , i have clearly to remind the house that the professional organizations do not fit in with a free market situation - as you , mrs péry , are perfectly well aware - and that , consequently , since these bodies represent a departure from the basic rules , membership of professional organizations cannot be made compulsory ; far serie
the customer must be allowed to choose from a range of suitable replacement parts as long as they meet the relevant technical and safety specifications . gamma
thankfully , the commission has taken a range of measures , including buying in beef and an export ban to protect consumers . diverse
it is implicit in the concept of plurality of information that every effort should be made to prevent cultural decline or any impoverishment in the range of information media either through simple market forces or worse , through inadequate or faulty legislation . determini
just how much detailed work he has devoted to it is clear from range of documentation and statistics which indicate to us the scale of the problem . serie
we think that the member states must be given the option of managing their own resources , and we consider the implementation of discriminatory restrictions to ensure conservation of valuable stocks and of a range of technical measures ( criteria for the granting of fishing licences and the necessary controls , breeding ground studies and protection , measures to protect seas against pollution by toxic and hazardous wastes etc . ) to be essential . disinquinamento
as has been pointed out , organized crime includes a whole range of crimes , from traffic in human beings to arms traffic , blackmail for protection money , gambling and many other areas . taglieggiatori
the growing emphasis of an english-dominated global network information and communications service must not undermine the range of european cultures and languages . gamma
but now that we are summing it up after six months and suddenly find that some important directives with which we had great difficulties in the past were adopted during the italian presidency of the council or at least that a common position was reached , we have to revise some of our criticism and admit that the dini and prodi government did make good preparations and proved able to carry them through in a range of areas . serie
i mention only a few countries which do not belong to the islamic range . musulmani
in this organization in staffordshire we had over 200 members ranging from large companies such as wedgwood and steelite which are well-known - when you drink your coffee in this parliament it is from crockery made in my constituency by steelite - to micro companies . wedgwood
when electoral matters come to be discussed by parliamentarians the temptation to range wide and far is irresistible and i can certainly plead guilty to not having resisted it on various occasions in the past , but as far as the commission 's position is concerned , we have not taken up broad positions relating to every aspect of the points that have been raised by the honourable gentleman who has spoken , but have underlined our view that , on the simple question on the introduction of a uniform electoral system , we think that that is desirable . disparati
there should be a report on assistants to make a distinction between those who devote their full-time work to a parliamentarian or parliamentarians and those supernumary assistants - collaborators maybe - who combine parliamentary work with working for lobbying organizations , in my wide definition of the term , ranging from professional bodies through to voluntary bodies . comprende
the first advocates an offensive strategy for steel consisting of greater product diversity , a broader range of uses , particularly in construction and public works projects , as well as naturally stepping up research in various areas . estensione
the very scope of the directive - from fire extinguishers , pressure vessels and valves to entire chemical plants - indicates the wide range of subjects to be covered . recipienti
it is a competent analysis and shows that the union and above all the commission were very active last year in a wide range of areas . settori
it covers a whole range of the union 's activities in eastern europe and the former soviet union , the middle east , the mediterranean , africa , latin america and elsewhere . serie
the necessity for a broad range of labour market reforms has been stressed by the council . gamma
i have heard mr cox and others refer to looking at a range or a better mix of policy instruments other than the one set out in the economic policy guidelines . gamma
what is at stake is a matter of far greater importance , ranging from enlargement to the question of emu , from structural funds to economic and social cohesion - that is what is at stake in this report and it is necessary for us to deal with this question clearly . vanno
mr gutiérrez díaz is a very active and senior member of parliament in a range of areas , including the committee on petitions . diversi
now , instead , we are going to apply agricultural rates to a whole range of imports that can , by and large , be linked to the instruments based on article 43 of the treaty , that is , to the common agricultural policy . serie
it is thus deplorable that the us and the union should be ranged against one another in the fight against international terrorism , especially in view of the speed at which iran is building up her arsenal of weapons . usati
i believe that our thoughts on this subject should range further , much further , afield . spingersi
people must realise that the public services have to carry out a whole range of official or governmental tasks , including those relating to the third sector of the social economy , that they have to look seriously at the major tasks of our time - environmental reform , feminization and popular attitudes - and make real progress in these areas . rivalutazione
because of their own size and range , and the complexity of the funds , local bodies have great difficulty in designing and managing projects , and need advice and technical help . e
this also gave rise to the need gradually to harmonize the member states ' provisions in a whole range of different areas , not least that of traffic and transport . ventaglio
acknowledging the importance of the regional and local levels as a fundamental nucleus of the social and economic fabric might be one of the most humane and effective ways , among the wide range of solutions which can be adopted for this very serious problem , unemployment . gamma
of course , the volley of warning shots which has been fired recently in france by militant fascists has only a limited range . portata
just as reading was not superseded following the emergence of radio and television - and nowhere does so much reading take place as in the societies which now have radio and television - the information society will in future only serve to create a new range of possibilities , with traditional modes of culture continuing to exist and not being suppressed . gamma
the new services offer our citizens not only undreamt-of scope for information , training , entertainment and use of a wide range of facilities , but are a challenge for our member states and for the regions in terms of education in schools . insospettate
a range of other measures are of course also needed in order to create more jobs and a sustainable recycling society . serie
it sets out a range of alternative scenarios if the review process is not completed by the end of 1998 . serie
we are aware of the range of possibilities that will arise in the first six months of 1998 , when almost at the same time new the treaty will have to be ratified , the negotiations for the entry of malta and cyprus as well as most candidates from eastern europe will be starting , the decision will be taken who will be among the first members of monetary union , and finally the financial commitments will be up for renewal . ventaglio
it is providing strong leadership and a clear vision for all of us in europe on a whole range of complex issues , from drugs and crime through to the difficult preparations for enlargement . serie
in parallel , the rapporteur proposes a range of measures to promote the dislocation of the labour market and make the organization of working time more flexible . serie
the ideas and proposals in the rocard report are additional factors in the range of measures that need to be mobilized . molteplici
to achieve that , certain essential revolutionary fiscal measures can make it possible to ensure sufficient income for each home and allow its members a flexible range of options . rivoluzionarie
inclusion in the treaty needs to be followed up with responsibility for the wide range of children 's issues being coordinated by a single commissioner and unit within the commission . gamma
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the report we are debating relates to the range of measures for the realisation of the internal market . quadro
it is precisely because they are not interested in audience ratings that they have this ability to supply a wide range of programmes , programmes that have something of interest for all members of the public and draw them into this sought-after european social model . gamma
however , for the future , public service television channels must remain the bedrock for the provision of the widest range of services to the general public . gamma
as commercial competition intensifies and mainstream commercial channels become more similar in their mass market appeal , public service television will provide the best method of maintaining the widest range of accessible choice for the public . telespettatori
it was one of the greatest tragedies upper aragón has ever suffered and was the result of a storm which released a violent downpour over the limes range , causing the arás gulley to overflow . this , combining with the waters of the betés , which was in spate , produced an avalanche of water , mud , trees and rocks which destroyed and dragged along everything in its wake , eventually bursting over the ' las nieves ' campsite which was located on the outskirts of biescas . franamento
energy centres have been established in all the eastern countries and it is to them that we should look to encourage cooperation in a wide range of activities . gamma
mrs mouskouri 's report hits the nail on the head as regards the council decision on the ariane programme , which is reminiscent of the trompe l 'oeil technique in absolutist architecture : painting on windows where you could not afford real ones is just like making budget cuts on minor items , and at the same time undermining the function of those items by substantially extending the tasks for which they are earmarked and the range of potential applicants . cerchia
by supporting the translation of works of literature and other books into a wide range of languages we can do this , we can overcome some of these fears . gamma
these projects make it possible , within a town , country or region , to involve a broad range of social groups , to generate new solidarity and develop social interaction . mobilitazione
will europe 's citizens understand why the commission has rejected important amendments adopted by a majority of the members of parliament in a whole range of areas , as mr piquet has just emphasized ? serie
too often in the past the commission presented parliament with a long list of planned initiatives covering a wide range of policy areas . tantissimi
while the arguments in favour of a single currency have been debated at length by economists and public servants and are now well-known to most people working in politics , public administration and finance , the vast majority of europe 's citizens are still not aware of the range of benefits which the single currency will bring to them . molteplici
the general public should be acquainted with the wide range of potential benefits from the single currency , such as the prospect of lower mortgage interest rates , no further risk from currency fluctuations , particularly for small and medium-sized businesses exporting their products from one member state to another , reduced costs for trade and reduced costs for travel . tanti
the development of alternative forms of tourism in the relevant countries should also be promoted , to offer tourists a broad range of interests . gamma
mrs oomen-ruijten is to be congratulated on the fact that in three months she has produced a wide range of consensus in parliament , which i hope the commission will note , on the substance of these proposals . vasto
the obligations of all water users , both public and private , should be set out in one single text so that they can see that water has a wide range of uses and therefore cannot be regulated using a sectoral approach . molteplici
we want the council under this presidency later this month to take a whole range of initiatives to isolate burma . serie
the plan covers a wide range of spheres of action identified by the council on 20 november 1995 and concentrates on a number of priorities . gamma
he has talked about the freedom of movement of workers , in this case , paedophiles and those who have the ability to range across borders and inflict damage on children . infliggono
we do need to discuss and think about what has to be done to create and develop the whole range of rural tourism . first we need to determine the potential demand and then make this known in order to stimulate the creation and development of rural tourism products in the various regions of the union . estensione
the consumer wants to continue being able to choose among the widest range of offers . diverse
so we need the compromise on the broadcasting concept , we need binding quotas , we need comprehensive support programmes which provide the necessary range of support , and we need adequate guarantee funds . dotazioni
that is necessary because , on the one hand , every member state applies a range of fiscal measures with different objectives and , on the other , because those measures often and inevitably have knock-on effects . serie
it involves a wide range of political instruments , compared with the traditional instructions and control methods . ventaglio
in my own country , the government launched in september a national alcohol policy based on a multi-sectoral approach which marshals a wide range of statutory and non-statutory organizations to work together to reduce the prevalence of alcoholrelated problems in irish society by emphasizing moderation in alcohol consumption . gamma
the reports from the world food programme indicated some weeks ago that it is in the range of 700 , 000 . 000
the figures given range from 250 , 000 and 750 , 000 but whatever the true number , it is amazing . oscillano
i refer to the huge number of refugees in tanzania now in the range of 700 , 000 . 000
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it is beneficial to have all these reports , providing the opportunity to broaden our consideration of the problems of european monetary union , extending the range of questions and discussing them on a more differentiated basis . problematizzare
finally , there are financial instruments , since anyone can see that the simple mechanism of the research framework programme is not enough to launch a whole dynamic range of new financing , especially as regards the smes . dinamica
firstly , it would allow international bus companies to compete directly with national bus companies on long-haul routes , thereby offering a greater range of services to passengers . gamma
travellers , particularly those with limited funds , will have a greater range of low-cost travel options than has been the case in the past . gamma
the study showed that the main negative effects fell on airlines , railways and ferry companies though a range of other organizations such as port operators , travel agencies and financial organizations were also identified as potentially being affected disadvantageously . serie
we therefore need to take account of the complex nature of the drugs problem and of the risks associated with it , as well as the fundamental importance of a broad range of public health and social measures essential to the protection of health and quality of life .  
this meets the concern of the european parliament that a consumer buying products with the manufacturer 's label should be given an adequate degree of security by having a broad range of information , without at the same time permitting a mass of confusing , onesided detail which has no place in the recognized labelling system . gamma
they are useful in that they give consumers the chance to make a rational choice from a wide range of products on offer , without interfering with the internal market . gamma
we also made a range of further proposals for improving the action programme . serie
this package addresses the whole range of problems - both those connected with enlargement and those connected with the financial perspectives after 1999 - whilst taking into account the financial implications of the common agricultural policy and the reorganization and restructuring of the structural funds , as well as all the other related issues . NULL
as a consequence of this , parliament has stressed the need for implementation of a broad spectrum of provisions , ranging from general public information to a targeted effort for special risk groups . ventaglio
however , this policy - seen by france as crucial - will develop gradually and will need to encompass a range of factors , including the accession of the ccee . serie
the difficulties being experienced by the existing member states in relation to reaching agreement on a single currency are nothing compared to the broad range of issues facing future enlargement to the east of which the future of the common agricultural policy and the structural fund review are but two .  
we have laid down principles for their decisions ranging from the general - transparency , non-discrimination , and so forth - to the particular , where specific issues such as licensing are involved . passando
in this regard , i welcome the commission initiative in undertaking to draw up a strategic and comprehensive plan of action for eu assistance to the great lakes region covering a broad range of areas . gamma
however we in parliament must also say that there is still a whole range of questions in relation to which we are certainly not at all content . serie
mrs lalumière 's report enumerates the range of instruments used with relative success so far . serie
i would refer you again to our democracy programmes in phare and tacis for central and eastern european countries and the former soviet union where we have developed a wide range of programmes and actions to support democratic reform and further develop a constitutional state , to strengthen civil society and protect and promote other human rights . rosa
a number of important issues must be raised - issues which range from aspects of the internal market to the development in eastern europe of civil society in all its complexities . variano
we continue to have a rather absurd system which bans certain trawler fleets of member states from catching a range of species brought up in the net and they have to be returned to the sea without any benefit to the stock . ributtate
frustration at the narrow range of the decisions taken and the postponement of the most important ones , and uneasiness because , in my view , some of the decisions are inexplicable . portata
i know a whole range of tricks , since i am perhaps one of the few people here in the house who has been a fisherman himself . NULL
this was a difficult report because there are many aspects to this issue , just as the forests of europe are many and varied in nature : they range from the birch forest of finland to the eucalyptus forest of portugal and the palms of the canaries . betulle
the standing forestry committee has a crucial role to play here : we need to place our faith in it and it needs to be organized as a real task force that is dynamic and able to take a broad range of action .  
sixthly , an important role can be played by the broad range of undertakings known collectively as eco-businesses - the great majority of which are small and medium-sized - which engage in such activities as pollution control , the production of new , energy-saving technologies and the provision of services for waste management and reduction . gamma
of course , the task is one for the industry itself in the first instance , but obviously a range of accompanying measures is needed , including in particular social measures , measures in relation to external trade policy and also , where necessary , programmes to generate new employment . serie
at the same time it should once more be stated clearly that our europe will forfeit its future if it does not really take these first cautious steps , not to mention the necessary parallel steps in other areas , ranging from the restoration of full employment to the establishment of a supranational right to strike . paralleli
although i worked for the ministry of defence for years i do not now want to start a debate on the strict need to procure rockets with a range of 150 km as a legitimate means of defence against threats on cyprus . gittata
this programme includes a whole range of incentives and support measures aimed at achieving this objective . serie
at the same time , the new satellite systems , especially because of their geographical range , advance the process of economic and social cohesion in europe and , most of all , the cohesion between europe and the rest of the world , and thus the development of the global information society . portata
i would also particularly like to thank the president of parliament , who has been under some pressure from the professional offices of parliament about an important paragraph in the motion for a resolution in the report - paragraph 21 - which outlines the whole range of initiatives that the development committee intends to take . gamma
the report is a very positive step in the process of formalizing an approach which has been marked throughout its development by continuous consultation with a wide range of interested parties . gamma
others , again , are partners in the business - in other words there is a whole range of different possibilities . socie
nevertheless , i would remind all those who make ringing declarations on the importance of parliament 's activities that this famous - and umpteenth - resolution on racism and xenophobia was adopted on that memorable thursday afternoon by 106 votes to 101 , and that in actual fact , by expressing its opinion as it does on thursday afternoons about a more and more varied and less and less carefully considered range of subjects , the european parliament undermines its own credibility . analizzati
a clear consensus on the need for further action has emerged from a wide range of institutions , organizations and individuals : national governments , eu institutions , committees , trade unions , businesses , professional associations , health boards and , in particular , both national and european voluntary bodies . gamma
analysis of these three factors suggests that more emphasis should be given to lifelong learning rather than simply concentrating on initial education and training , that the problem of educational underachievement and the need for particular groups currently marginalized to gain skills and qualifications must have a higher priority , and that a larger range of actors , including the social partners , must have a role , with member states and the european union , in examining the means of creating , sustaining and resourcing the learning society . serie
however , it could ask renault to review its decision and , if it does not , to refuse it and other firms that pursue the same practice access to a whole range of potential benefits . serie
the action plan is , however , not considered to be a legally binding agreement but rather a statement of intentions and political will to cooperate on a wide range of issues . gamma
the commission now proposes to translate the results of these consultations into a range of practical measures . numero
the completion of the single market depends on this reform and on a range of changes to customs policy and , i would add , to the policy on duties . insieme
indeed , the european institutions should cry mea culpa for their inertia up until today , leaving aside the disbursement of a whole range of economic aid , which was in many ways useless and at times schizophrenic : first we abandoned albania politically , then we elected berisha a national and international hero , then we dropped him on the grounds of fraud and undue pressure during the elections . serie
firstly , the european union needs majority voting in the council and , of course , parliamentary codecision for the whole range of ordinary legislation . legiferazione
by instruments of pressure i mean drastic measures , ranging from a vote of censure on the commission for not heeding the voice of parliament on this matter to blocking the budget for a european union that we cannot regard as the europe we owe to our people . supporta
ultimately , what we are dealing with is an extremely wide range of attitudes among people of different cultures , and it is not for us to lay down more preconditions than are absolutely necessary . diverse
it has been proved again and again that if such a dialogue is opened at an early stage , then a whole range of difficulties will already have been removed by the time it comes to implementing what has been planned . precoce
i have spoken in a multitude of urgency debates on issues ranging from the bombing of trains in italy by right-wing terrorists through to the horrors of the desecration of the jewish cemetery in carpentras . spaziavano
we should like to draw attention to one new point in the commission report before us - the emphasis placed on the question of the wage spread based on the example of the united states and some mythical downward flexibility , which we can only regard as an unfortunate reference , since it fails to consider situations such as those in portugal where the range of wages is comparable to that in the united states but where such downward flexibility would exacerbate social inequality which is already on the limit of what is acceptable , if not for the sake scarti
over and above the regulation on financing the common agricultural policy there are a whole range of regulations dealing with measures such as export subsidies . serie
the socialist group has taken these elements into account , which have led it to propose a wide range of rates , going from 5 % for modest works to ensure the adequate remuneration of young artists or works of art by nature not very commercial , to 1 % for more important works . ventaglio
in the same way , we think that thresholds should start at 500 ecus and go up to 250 , 000 ecus , that is , to widen the range put forward by the commission . ventaglio
madam president , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in my turn i cannot but congratulate the rapporteurs for this package of resolutions on discharge , particularly terry wynn , because i will mainly be speaking on his report on the discharge for the 1995 financial year , on the quality of his work , the range of issues covered and his skill .  
secondly , it offered a potential break-through on a wider range of health and safety measures . gamma
such a diversity of resources necessarily implies a whole range of different fishing methods . serie
ten years ago nobody would have imagined such broad use of the internet or the great range of information currently available . offerta
finally , thanks to the internet , a vast range of economic and cultural sectors are being transformed , and a range of new opportunities are offered to small and medium-sized businesses . gamma
there is a range of different programmes , but at present it is still a jungle and they are not easily accessible to the smes . serie
the round table report makes mention of a wide range of best practices which can be adopted by the european union as a whole . it also contains specific recommendations for improving the access of smes to financing . gamma
third , the introduction of a range of legislative measures to control the ownership of ships prior to and over the course of registration . intreccio
our objective is to include cost and benefit analysis as necessary , especially for complex legislative proposals which relate to a wide range of business activities . ventaglio
since consumers are displaying a growing interest in organic products - in terms of both quality and range of products - livestock production should be better geared to levels of consumption . offerta
so demand is evident but what is the proper definition of free range or farm laid or perchery eggs ? ruspanti
the directive has the potential to fulfil the needs of everyone , to protect the environment and public health , to give the consumers a range of products from which they can make a choice and also to enable the industry to sell freely and fairly in the marketplace . gamma
i would remind the house that the term biocides refers to a very wide range of products including disinfectants , insecticides , fungicides , and preservatives for wood and for the treatment of textiles and structural materials . serie
could the commission confirm that , following the introduction of european legislation to prohibit the use of hormones in livestock farming , the usa applied extra duties payable on a range of products imported into the usa from the european union as a compensatory measure ? serie
according to a minute of the meeting by iaea 's deputy-general , bruno pellaud , euratom disagrees strongly with the iaea on a range of sensitive issues , including iaea support for continuous enrichment monitoring ( cemo ) to detect unauthorized levels of uranium enrichment at urenco plants . serie
regrettably , however , a whole range of administrative and political obstacles still crop up regularly in the work of both the committee on culture and the committee on petitions . ripercuotono
it contains , as the rapporteur has outlined , a whole range of positive proposals . serie
mr president , i should like to ask that when this text is translated into all the official languages , particular care should be taken to make it clear in each language that the term ' practitioner ' covers a range of people who are entitled to act in this capacity , and not just doctors . anwendende
so in drafting such legislation it is essential for the commission to open a wide range of consultations to guarantee that it is fulfilled , and such legislation should always be the subject of co-decision procedure as called for in this important report . ventaglio
at multilateral level , an exchange of views was held at a tripartite conference in catania on 24 and 25 may 1996 on a whole range of interrelated subjects in the social sector , including vocational training . gamma
let me say at this point , to rescue the reputation of the european union which has often been criticized during this debate , that in recent years we were able to finance a whole range of projects because we increased the appropriations for renewable energy sources , thanks mainly to the european parliament 's efforts during the budgetary procedure . serie
the premises are still valid , in that the safety of those working on the roads relies on the existence of and compliance with clear social legislation ; it is to be regretted , however , that the problem is considered virtually exclusively in terms of one of its most obvious manifestations , such as observance of driving times , without taking account of a huge range of other risk factors which are ever-present in all the collateral forms of this activity . gamma
in other words , the customer obtains direct access to a wide range of providers and can avail himself of their services . disparati
consequently , if our policy to reinforce cross-border and interregional cooperation is to be effective , it must include a broad range of statutory measures and significant resources aiming both to improve the economic and social conditions of the weaker regions in the european union , and to create a climate and conditions of equal democratic , peaceful and creative coexistence between peoples , without distinctions of sex , race , national origin or religion . spettro
but at the moment the various aspects of intellectual property rights ranging from copyright to the plastic arts and the performing arts to industrial property rights proper - that is the system of patents - i would say that in economic terms , in this age of mass production and the information society , the system for protecting an intangible right such as a right to a trademark has is of paramount importance . passando
mr president , the stability pact throws up a whole series of unresolved questions , ranging from the moral aspects of economic policy to institutional considerations . vanno
this programme supported a wide range of housing-related projects which range from improving shanty towns in greece to aiding the regeneration of run-down social housing areas in edinburgh . gamma
that is why the member states of the european union have set up a whole range of information systems , such as europol and the eis at intergovernmental level and sis for schengen on a multilateral basis . eis
mr president , given the way it is currently looking and going , the fact is that monetary union is going to be an economic area which , though comparable with a nation-state in terms of its currency , has in many others areas structures that are clearly critical if monetary union is to be a success but which differ greatly from one member state to another , and this is in itself a factor that involves a whole range of problems . serie
commissioner fischler , our feelings range from disappointment to anger at the lack of understanding shown for the difficult position of commercial or part-time beekeepers , and the serious consequences for agriculture and the environment if not enough bees are raised to ensure that the pollination that is so important from both an ecological and an economic point of view takes place . adirati
i have to admit that in italy the active population in this sector is ageing , but there are also new generations appearing , actually linking the sector to agritourism , that is , an agriculture with income from a range of activities , one of which is beekeeping . serie
the appropriate framework for that is provided by the existing directive on honey which is currently being considered by the house , together with a range of other foodstuff directives , as part of the proposed simplification process . serie
it would obviously be wrong to envisage at this moment in time such a consensus on a range of actions and possible political positions when no agreement has yet been reached . possibili
we agree with the substance of the programme and with the proposals from the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , and are grateful to the rapporteur , who is proposing an increase in the funding and an extension of the age range for participants from 18 to 29 , rather than 25 . ventinove
tourism policy is such a broad area that giving it its own legal basis would open up the possibility of bringing in much too wide a range of concerns under this legal basis . gamma
as we know , it already has a wide range of tasks to carry out , and it is no longer in a position to carry out these tasks in detail , and as thoroughly as it needs to . serie
another of these basic principles is the responsibility - as i have already mentioned - of a competition authority , to ensure that it is possible for information to be sought by both sides , as well as the exchange of secret and confidential information , and the range of group exemptions that are available . confidenziali
as you can see , that is the normal framework and the normal range of options that we are used to working with in the european union . notate
the panel of expert 's preliminary conclusion , and i stress preliminary , was that the ec ban on imports of hormone-treated meat was incompatible with a range of the wto agreement 's rules on health and plant health measures . serie
that is why it is so important to consider new ideas for a support programme worthy of the accession strategy , directed far more to the structural funds than to phare , because phare does not match up to an accession strategy in terms of funding available , range of support measures or procedures , which is why it cannot fund the aims in question . spettro
in germany , for example , and admittedly in many other states too - very thoroughly listed by the commission in the green paper - there are a whole range of highly exotic regulations . serie
this is an important matter , and parliament knows that i agree that we need liability provisions in a wide range of areas , including biotechnology . settori
therein lies the importance of the parliamentary delegation and its efforts , which have ensured that independent regulatory authorities will monitor the technical basis as it develops within the market and will ensure that a minimum range of services is available everywhere and , above all , that fair competition can prevail . offerta
the opinions of the european institutions , of the european parliament , but also of the committee of the regions , the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy and the committee on social affairs and employment , as well as the proposals of urban organizations such as the network , can provide important ideas for the urban policy forum that the commission has planned for 1998 , and i therefore expect to receive an opinion from this institution too , which can help us to build up an accurate picture of conditions in a wide range of foro
a crucial aspect of balanced development is participation in the wide range of measures to support the structural policy . spettro
this commission document covers a whole range of issues . insieme
for that reason , we need to set a range of objectives regarding a number of problems . serie
i also agree entirely with mrs graenitz that we venture into wide range of questions when we apply this instrument , and that is why we chose to present the communication . graenitz
and just as he still has good memories of the days when we worked together mostly in the transport sector - and i am grateful to him for saying so - i should also like to say that i shall never forget how closely and constructively we were able to work together on a wide range of transport issues . molti
a universal commitment to service - in other words a certain minimum range of postal products available to all citizens at acceptable prices - is equally justified . numero
to achieve positive change over the longer term , special programmes are required to cover areas ranging from information and awareness programmes to qualitative analysis of programmes and actions . vanno
injuries range from death to unwanted pregnancy , disease , sleep and eating disturbances , feelings of guilt , and fear - a great deal of fear . NULL
mr president , despite the multiple difficulties we have faced in getting to the truth of the matter , we are now aware of a range of different interpretations of the facts themselves and we have succeeded in getting a general picture of the situation thanks to the excellent work of mr gordon adam . gamma
if the process is shattered the forces ranged against it will naturally gain strength , terrorism first and foremost . sgretola
the european extradition convention signed on 26 september 1996 contains a range of clearly defined basic articles , which include conspiracy to commit a crime , political crimes and the extradition of one 's own citizens . serie
furthermore , colombian society is clearly demonstrating its commitment to peace through various types of initiatives , ranging from the mobilization of the population to education in tolerance , leaving aside the understandable fear of reprisals . vanno
a whole range of ideas have been put forward by mr brinkhorst and mr tillich in their resolution about the underutilization of credits . e
violation of data protection thus embraces a wide area , ranging from industrial espionage to tinkering with and hacking away at national security . assetati
these are the subjects we need to be addressing if we are to properly manage the whole range of changes that need to be managed in our societies . successione
we have established free competition ; we have liberalizations over a wide range of areas . gamma
it is not sectoral in its approach but covers a broad range of activities aimed at improving the employability of people for the local labour market by training them to fill the jobs available or by giving them access to new employment opportunities . gamma
over-regulation , however , leads to unnecessary stifling of the sector , resulting in a lack of variety , and ignores the indigenous range of high-quality regional and national food products . gamma
medicine and food should always be kept strictly separate , and particularly when , as in this amendment , it involves using egg products as ingredients in a wide range of products . gamma
it is not just a question of great individual monuments such as assisi , which is the wealth of humanity , but a city fabric , made up of dozens of centres ranging from the middle ages to the renaissance , that has been partially destroyed or seriously damaged . vanno
the european institutions , with the agreement and collaboration of the member states , must be adapted to ensure that the commercial exploitation of pornographic pictures of children , the incitement to indulge in sex tourism and child sex abuse are curbed within the territory of the european union and to ensure that the range of sanctions also includes penalties which deprive offenders of their freedom , as has happened in france in the last few days . gamma
we need a range of services to protect our children and an early-warning system to alert us to potential dangers . gamma
that is why the committee on civil liberties invites the european union to come out in favour of a range of instruments for fighting sex tourism , which should be called , as the draftsman for the committee on women 's rights specifies in her opinion " traveling abroad to abuse children sexually ' .  
prevention , suppression , cooperation at all levels , and i would add , shouldering responsibility at all levels , form part of the range of methods for combating this scourge . assunzione
first of all we can only successfully manage fish stocks by having a coincidence of the areas in which they are managed with the management regime itself and the range of those fish stocks . ampiezza
the reality has been inefficiencies , limited staff with insufficient experience , a poor take-up capacity on the part of the recipient countries , the dispersal of appropriations across a broad range of projects , and so on . gamma
i would stress that there are a whole range of issues on which we should be able to find common ground . gamma
i would briefly add that though we often discuss a range of problems during political debate , here we are dealing with the maintenance of a contractual regulation : the preparation of the customs union by the association council . numerose
a larger wage range , more wage flexibility , less generous benefits make very little difference to employment levels , mrs carlsson , and certainly make no difference to unemployment . ventaglio
it will be said , as the jöns report claims , that the outline agreement is a first step towards the creation of a range of legal measures which will gradually eliminate existing forms of discrimination . ventaglio
the sweep of political and economic issues really does extend from trade disputes , via the question of how we are to deal with extra-territorial legislation , to a whole range of political questions : what are we doing in the ukraine ? serie
it means that if we enlarge the community then from that day on not only present member states can prevent important decisions but even slovenia or estonia will be able to apply a veto and block important decisions in a whole range of community policies . serie
europe 's 120 million children must be particularly protected when the four freedoms of movement - people , goods , capital and services - range across europe , for they are the inheritors of this market which , fashioned to the needs of all our citizens , will carry europe dynamic , prosperous and ' job-full ' into the realms of the next century . estenderanno
it is especially necessary to involve ourselves in the training of a wide range of economic agents when moving from vat to taxation in the country of origin , with a reduction in interventions by government officials at the cost of a higher degree of participation by citizens and greater responsibility being placed on them . gamma
i think there is a wide range of opinion as to what the issue of organized crime actually involves . crimine
within europe or the european union we must provide judges with a wider range of methods of investigation , especially to check suspicious bank accounts ; without these there is no point in legislating or discussing the issue further . investigativo
when i hear the israelis say , we live on only a small strip of land ; a few bombs , a few long range missiles with biological and chemical weapons of the kind being developed in iraq , and we would have had it ; then we should take these noises seriously . gittata
furthermore , it would not have been the first time europe , too , might be threatened by long range missiles . gittata
i am sometimes amazed that the arguments which at that time were ranged against the southward enlargement of the european union are coming today from those countries which were at the time accepted into the european union . portate
however , this country has wide disparities in development , ranging from gdp per inhabitant of 77 % for hainaut to 137 % for antwerp and 183 % for brussels . vanno
it suggests that a range of community programmes , including stop and daphne , could be developed and used more effectively to combat trafficking in women , support the victims and enable them to rebuild their lives . di
the same person also said that the enlarged market , where the producer may be subject to competition from a wider range of companies , and in where the consumer knows he can rely on a greater number of suppliers , changes the attitudes of people through changes in the economic situation .  
radiation , they say , may cause a much wider range of diseases than epidemiological studies predict . epidemiologici
i would like to point out , however , that the decisions on euratom loans is not within the province of the commission , and that it will be taken on the basis of a broad range of internal analyses and external studies from competent institutions . gamma
for many of us one of the high points of the presidency was the special employment summit , a positive summit by any yardstick and one which saw agreement on a wide range of measures and principles . gamma
of course , electronic money has a whole range of other implications for central banking and for banking supervision . serie
mr president , commissioner , over the last few months i have discussed legislation on foodstuffs with people from a wide range of areas and member states , and have been unable to find anyone who could see why chicory extracts should be covered by a vertical directive with a different legal basis as compared with jams or fruit juices or sugars . settori
as far as sugars are concerned , amendments nos 1 and 4 would reintroduce regulations on the range of prepacks . offerta
that directive can also be applied to sugar products , so that regulations on the range of pre-packs are no longer needed , as the consumer gets information on the unit price . offerta
their use is indeed wide-spread and the activities in which they have a role are many and various , so we have sought to set new , stronger limits on their emission in a whole range of larger industrial installations . gamma
at the moment our primary concern should be to reduce the range of substances used by the chemical industry . ridotte
information is made available in some states , sometimes accurately and accessibly and in a range of different languages based on a wide range of data . diverse
the information society offers a wide range of opportunities . however , those opportunities must be available to all the people of europe if we really want cohesion at european level . ampie
and it is good that successive presidencies approach their task with that sense of excitement , because the advantage to europe of a rotating presidency is that every new presidency brings its own new national drive , a new range of experience , and a new determination to make its mark . gamma
it resolved - and i am presenting a summarized account of this - to create legal structures for the introduction of such systems of participation , to examine the possibility of whether tax incentives could be introduced , to promote the systems by way of an information campaign and to take into account the findings from other member states , to ensure that legal and administrative provisions were formulated in such a way that a broad range of systems would be available and would be the subject of consultations between employees and employers , and in particular to take this gamma
yesterday a task force met to discuss a whole range of practical measures to control external borders on the basis of a list drawn up on 15 december . serie
to conclude , i would like to draw your attention to the fact that the technical subcommittee - within the planned contact committee on accountancy directives - must involve representation for a wide range of people who use the audit reports , because the outcome of accounting reports is not only the responsibility of professional auditors . categoria
the bells rang yesterday , but as mr pasty quite rightly said , there was no other indication whatsoever what was going on in the chamber . squillo
thanks to its vast range of activities , the opportunities offered to young people and to teachers have been increased tenfold , with the consequence that a real sense of european identity has developed . gamma
it should be recalled that celex offers a very wide range of advanced research possibilities and that the proceeds deriving from consultation of the base are used to finance part of the considerable work of documentary analysis required to give celex its specific added value . gamma
in the wide range of material on the internal market , since november 1997 the commission has been publishing a scoreboard , a periodic report , that indicates the situation of each member state as regards the inclusion of directives , the observance of infringement procedures , and so on ; this scoreboard is already available on the internet . gamma
we do not pretend that it is easy to find a common position , given the range of views which are represented not just in those 12 governments but also amongst the people of the european union whom we represent .  
madam president , during the speech by the portuguese president , telephones rang within the hemicycle on at least two occasions . squilli
one of them even rang nine times . squillato
i left the chamber temporarily because i was called out urgently and i had left my bag here ; i was not here when the telephone rang . squillato
the draft resolution presented seeks not only to express due sympathy to the relatives of the victims , but also to bring to the attention of the european parliament questions ranging from the establishment of the causes , the truth , to respect for the international regulations governing training for civilian and military flights . vanno
having said this , however , the commission , as you know , is financing a whole range of activities aimed precisely at promoting the rule of law by way of the mauritanian indicative programme . serie
the years go by and women continue to suffer various forms of violence , ranging from physical to sexual , including harassment at the place of work . vanno
this could prove to be a lever to firmly establish the desire for full and unrestricted citizenship for women and their access to the full range of political responsibilities . posizioni
by inciting the consumer to get involved in dangerous procedures in a whole range of areas , we may contribute to the fortunes of lawyers , but we will not protect consumers any better . above all , we will overwhelm with even more obligations those small industries in the production and distribution sectors for whom the constraints of exploitation are already very great . serie
improving road safety implies a whole range of measures - life-long road safety training for young and old , all kinds of technical measures both on the roads and in vehicle safety - airbags , safety belts and lights are just the headline issues - and special protection is needed for the most vulnerable road users : children , the elderly , pedestrians and cyclists . serie
this provides the opportunity to undertake a wider range of interventions and to initiate coordinated actions with respect to patients who might otherwise be isolated . NULL
the annual report on health requirements shows the wide range of policies which are relevant to health and your report concentrates on the second report - the report covering 1995 . gamma
parliament 's report points to a number of directions that future work can usefully take - you mentioned those in your contribution - and contains a range of suggestions and proposals for efforts in this field which the commission is willing to take on board . diversi
questions of diet and life style and environment and medical science itself will demand significant european responses , which is why it is important that we make coherent and consistent progress and is why the scrutiny provided by reports such as that by mrs flemming on the integration of health policies across the range of eu competence is so important and so revealing . questioni
we support this process which must encompass a broad spectrum of cooperation ranging from political dialogue , through economic partnership to social and cultural cooperation . abbracci
the range and depth of the questions by the members of this parliament underline the importance of asem and the expectations it has raised . del
the third business forum will take place in london at the same time as the asem ii summit , and it will be a unique opportunity for business people to have a direct dialogue with leaders on a whole range of concerns , including further trade and investment liberalization . gamma
events range from an east-west film festival to exhibitions of asian arts and concerts of asian music . comprendono
strong markets are vital for a range of reasons , not least because they expose our companies to the best practice of their competitors . serie
we have to seek to address a whole range of issues . serie
the position of the union is that a range of initiatives are being taken to try to break the logjam in the peace process in the middle east . serie
the demographic trends are such that there are fewer people in the younger age range and more in the older age range and we must look at these changes . ddobbiamo
apart from the failings related to the recipient country , the rest of the catalogue of failings unfortunately reads exactly like the catalogue of failings for which the european institutions , and above all the commission , have been reproached in other contexts on the same subject of grant aid for many years . these include a lack of clear decision-making procedures , excessive scattering of resources across a range of small projects , excessive and technically counterproductive efforts to involve local partners , a lack of technical expertise within the commission except in relation to the process itself , tanti
it was a great pleasure and honour for me to be the general rapporteur and find out and monitor the outcomes of the big un conferences - ranging from the education conference which was held in thailand to the recent conference in rome on food security - and to monitor what happened and what was still outstanding . thailandia
we have included this in all the areas that have been discussed , ranging from environmental issues , via issues of preventive health care and economic development to human rights . dalle
as mr flemming knows , today the food and veterinary office has a vast range of responsibilities in monitoring the implementation of community legislation on veterinary , food and plant health matters . gamma
in the same letter i received from my constituent , your office said that there are a range of measures that the commission has at its disposal to deal with any threat to employment . serie
as parliament will know , there are a range of opinions among member states but , hopefully , we now have a broad agreement that will bring significant trade benefits to the acp countries . diverse
a wide range of initiatives have taken place in fields as diverse as the environment , investment , cultural heritage and industry . gamma
one of the key issues is having the necessary regulatory expertise to be able to monitor environmental considerations and make any necessary recommendations for change : from matters relating to power stations , to matters relating to environmental standards in public parks , across a wide range of diverse issues , i agree with mr sjöstedt that it must be given higher priority and i am sure that the eib is aware of its obligations in this regard and i can say that the council will do everything it can to assist that process . serie
on the contrary , i would regard it as a great benefit and advantage of the report that it is a very sensible compromise between two desires , two considerations , one of which is to have a wide range of opinion and expertise working in the subcommittees , while the other is to have a clear line of responsibility between the subcommittees and their principal committees . sottocommissioni
however , when the principal budget items are analyzed , the wide range of the changes becomes clear : namely + 8 % for the structural funds , + 3 % for the programmes aimed at the central and eastern european and mediterranean countries , + 3 % for internal policies and 0 % for the agricultural budget . analizzano
it is a challenge which , if approached properly , can lead to a range of new opportunities . serie
sanctions already exist in our member states and these range from fines for minor offences to driving disqualifications for more serious offences . andare
we have a clear choice today between an autonomous , independent european system , at an estimated cost ranging from ecu 400 million to ecu 4 billion , or cooperation based on the existing american gps and russian glonas systems . glonas
furthermore , the pluralism of the group , which is essential , will most certainly enable it to ensure ethical reflection adapted to the range of questions likely to be put to it . ventaglio
as you know , child labour in the clothing and textile industries , particularly in portugal , is mentioned in a wide range of opinions by the european parliament . moltissimi
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the question of conditional access is a central interface for the whole range of services in our information society . conditional
firstly , the fact that national boundaries and technical ranges do not coincide . this leads to all sorts of inconsistencies in practice which have not been satisfactorily addressed . incongruenze
otherwise we shall end up with a proliferation of requirements in a range of different directives , which would be of very little assistance to originators . diverse
doubtless the patients ' organizations have a wide range of views on this issue , and that is as it should be . contrastanti
the who guidelines looked at a range of values for different sorts of vegetation - crops , forests , sensitive vegetation and lichens . gamma
they can multiply almost to infinity the range of information and educational exchanges . infinito
but , even if the debates organized over the last two days have allowed members to cover quite a wide range of subjects , from the individual situations of the nominees to their concept of the role of the ecb , including technical questions on the money supply or on the euro / dollar parity , it is still particularly difficult to judge the ' theoretical ' competence of each nominee at a single hearing . ventaglio
we all know that today children and young people are exposed to enormous moral and spiritual pressure and pollution through a whole range of violent images and other trashy products on the internet and other audiovisual services . infimo
the same is evident from a range of other examples . serie
indeed , the presidency has had a political dialogue with india within the last month and a wide range of issues have been considered . gamma
the sector offers a huge range of opportunities , development potential and jobs . gamma
computerized reservation systems are extremely complicated databases which offer a wide range of subscribers - travel agents , tour operators , hotels , ferry companies , hire companies - the means to access information about air lines and other services and , at the same time , make it easier to reserve and issue tickets . gamma
the techniques that are used range from misuse - the forging of signatures - through tampering with credit cards , to complete counterfeiting . vanno
and then there is also the european information system which collects a range of data from other systems . serie
in this connection , there is a range of different instruments and procedures which can assist chp without leading to distortions in competition . serie
mr birdal was shot at close range and had fourteen entry and exit bullet wounds . bruciapelo
the business community will have access to a cheaper and more diversified range of supplies for their inputs and capital goods and they will thus stand better prospects for investing , exporting and hiring additional staff . gamma
when south africa , after a long , dark period of apartheid , achieved a very honourable return to democracy the western world rang with laudatory declarations and promises for the future of the country . profuse
your draft resolution calls for a range of actions from the different partners involved . numero
at the same time , and despite a range of related problems also including cosmetic testing and farm animal husbandry , the commission has failed to present any formal analysis or proposals on how to approach or resolve the complex issue of trade and animal welfare : for example , with respect to utilization or modification of the existing article xx exceptions within the wto rules . serie
i am pleased that the european parliament 's proposal for a performance reserve is approved at least in principle , and hope that we can still dispel your scepticism by means of range and feasibility .  
and in this hemicycle , in other capacities , i have proclaimed the need for greater harmony between three institutions concerned with culture : the european union , which has a restricted range , the council of europe , which has a wider range , and unesco . ricoprendo
we must do this in order to give the commission an effective way of proposing a whole range of actions in favour of renewable energies . scelta
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , at the suggestion of the european parliament the council has made a whole range of important improvements to the original european commission text . serie
we welcome the fact that - having already accepted a whole range of amendments submitted by parliament at first reading which improved the text - we are now also able to accept all the amendments suggested now - although some will still probably have to be improved orally . serie
tunisia was , in fact , the first mediterranean country to sign such an agreement , establishing a political dialogue which allows both parties to discuss openly a range of political issues , including human rights . serie
unfortunately , a similar range of instruments is not available to the commission with respect to removing the harmful effects of fiscal competition . strumentario
with regard to the range of tax systems prevailing in individual member states , there is no reason to change it now . vi
the ruling has exempted a whole range of existing contracts and payments from suspension . serie
you can find instructions on making your own bombs , unlocking doors without keys , producing illegal drugs , other terrorist activities , forging credit cards , hacking into computers without permission , and so on ; a whole range of things . ampia
in europe , there is not just the state and the private sector , but a wider range of experiences that cannot be ignored . articolate
the various restructuring strategies within the sector - such as the introduction of new technologies , the delocalization of some production , the reorientation of production towards the top end of the range and the rapid response to changes in demand - have a serious and almost exclusive effect on women workers . fascia
in order to make the programme attractive , there must not only be a good range of projects but also good pastoral support . copertura
harmonization of the authorization and use of additives is also designed to achieve , as far as possible , a reduction in the range of additives and areas of use .  
after all , we have already dealt with a range of points which would fall within the labelling directive if we agree on what you say . elenco
i believe , mr mccartin , that the best response that the commission can give is contained in the joint declaration by the council and the commission , annexed to the minutes of the fisheries council of 8 june this year , which states : " anxious to promote a switch to techniques which are more reliable , selective and financially appealing for capturing the same stocks , the council and the commission agree on the need to introduce in the community an appropriate range of actions and special supporting measures for fishermen serving on board and the owners of gamma
we are especially concerned by the fact that the range of products susceptible to taxation is expanding dangerously , covering a variety of essential goods and goods of wide consumption such as water , transport , construction , chemical pesticides and fertilizers . gamma
it also maintained that the risk to price stability had to be assessed according to a broad range of indicator variables , with particular reference to monetary aggregates . serie
the exact specification of the minimum reserve system , including the reserve ratio , which is currently defined within a range of 1.5 to 2.5 % , will be decided by november 1998 at the latest . compreso
it follows that the central bank , given a precise objective , must examine a whole range of criteria in order to take decisions . serie
if we are intent on imposing further layers of procedure , if we insist on a whole range of modifications to animal transport , we will stretch the system to breaking point in terms of increased costs and reduced efficiency . serie
furthermore , there are various aspects already highlighted in previous speeches where improvement is needed , ranging from the slope of the ramps to the need for hydraulic lifting platforms to transport pigs , from the amount of room above the heads of the animals to the problem of temperature and the animals ' reaction to it . idraulici
a range of conferences and seminars have now been completed in all of the member states , including the eea states . tutti
however we have not overlooked the fact that free movement , as such , includes a range of other concerns that go beyond the situation of the working population . serie
the other two , however , involve a matter that may be important for the consumer , since they relate to the restriction of the range of weights which can be offered by the retailer to the consumer . gamma
when the range is entirely open , and particularly when it involves weights that are relatively close to one another , the risk of confusion for the consumer is not inconsiderable . gamma
and it is for this reason that we wish to maintain what was in the original directive , where a range of weights was laid down which were sufficiently different from each other to avoid confusion . gamma
these ranges should be dealt with under the directives on ranges of prepackaged products . gamme
when the common position was adopted , we included a declaration which states that we are prepared to examine , in agreement with those affected , whether ranges of prepackaged products in connection with coffee and chicory extracts should be incorporated into the relevant legislation . gamme
parliament has obtained quite significant concessions from the council of ministers in a range of important areas , such as comitology , mandatory standards for 2005 covering the main parameters , bringing forward the requirement for on-board diagnostic systems in diesel and light commercial vehicles , the early and gradual phasing-in of cleaner fuels and many other things . serie
policy on the prevention of climate change necessitates a redefining of a whole range of european policies on energy management , and possibly of sectoral objectives too . serie
mr president , the issue we are considering is important enough to warrant a wide range of changes : firstly , a change of attitude on the part of the member states , and , more generally , changes ranging from industrial processes to living habits and from product design to new visions of the world . serie
equally , there is a clear failure by member states to implement a whole range of directives , whether it is waste oil , sewage sludge or toxic and dangerous waste . serie
the sustainability and solvency of insurance companies is a crucial issue for the reassurance of consumers on a whole range of matters . serie
from time to time , we meet people from a range of backgrounds and cultures whose world is structured in a different way from ours , and who have other values and other ways of investigating and making sense of the world around them . decifrare
for our part , we are preparing a range of actions to deal with the structural causes of the crisis , for example the sending in the near future of european experts in public finance , tax reform , debt management and control of public spending . insieme
the eu presidency has taken a number of measures to bring the military action to a halt , ranging from calls for moderation to various economic sanctions .  
the contact group 's option paper sets out various european models of autonomy that kosovo could adopt , ranging from south tyrol via the finnish aland islands to tatarstan in russia . aland
firstly , the commission is liaising very closely with the presidency to coordinate everything we can do by way of humanitarian aid as effectively as possible , not only with the presidency but also of course with a wide range of international organisations with which we routinely cooperate in this area . numero
we cannot allow the militant serb forces to roam freely three kilometres left and right of the main traffic routes and create a firing range there , destroy every tree and every house and leave scorched earth behind . raggio
i would therefore draw to her attention a report by the british health and safety executive about the safety of the dounreay nuclear installation where it says that the team ( health and safety executive ) found many chronic safety problems and , in the fuel cycle area , conditions ranged from the good to the very bad . variavano
the aim of applying the reduced rate is to make it applicable to a wider range of essential goods and services . regressiva
single parent families represent one form and raise the entire range of equal opportunities issues . complesso
community policy on equal treatment for women and men does not contain a specific component for single parents but it has a crucial impact on their situation , especially with regard to the reconciliation of work and family life , a challenge central to the whole range of social issues . complesso
it goes without saying that those who believe in one way only are disappointed by a middle way which tries to combine the positive effects of a range of policies on drugs . tipi
if the eu member states and the eu 's institutions do not take their responsibility absolutely seriously and honour the range of initiatives and conventions that have been adopted in the field internationally over the years , even the best declarations at eu level have no value . assumono
the committee on transport has no objection to the identification of five areas in the proposed strategy , but we consider that the range of priorities should be extended to cover goods transport , and that there should be a clearer specification of the place of public transport , in particular to encourage the development of coordinated multi- and intermodal transport . ventaglio
in this respect , we also need to devise a range of models for cooperation between the public and private sectors . conveniente
the presidency thus tried to cover a wide range of business and , with the exception of the subject of competitive economies , actually tried to contribute something on all the topics which the heads of state or government , meeting in london , had agreed should be addressed by the conference in the future . campo
we must therefore thank our friend francis watts for having taken the initiative to request and organise this hearing . more than one of the experts who attended highlighted an unbelievable lack of safety , despite the fact that imo regulations already provide for a wide range of safety measures . ventaglio
the many specific cases of fraud and corruption in the eu system should instead be taken as a basis for : firstly , launching a debate with a view to abolishing a whole range of the support measures which provide the opportunity for fraud ; secondly , introducing greater openness in the system , so that taxpayers and voters can see what their money is being used for . serie
at the same time , the eib has maintained an almost completely closed attitude to eastern european environmental organisations , such as ' bankwatch ' , and to the eastern european public in general when it comes to publicising the environmental assessments it claims to carry out before lending money for a range of infrastructure programmes in eastern europe . serie
we are also supporting a meeting in the netherlands on a whole range of migration issues . serie
it will look closely at the full range of relevant economic , political , judicial and other issues that have characterised hong kong life during the first year of the sar . questioni
the aim of the general and specific legislation is to ensure that all community citizens have access to the widest possible range of insurance products . gamma
the actions which are possible with this financial support range across four sectors : consumer health and safety , the protection of consumers ' economic interests in respect of goods and services , consumer education and information , and the promotion and representation of consumers ' interests . articolano
as far as the issue itself is concerned , the proposal for a directive covers a wide range of interactive broadcasting services , independently from the method of transmission used . gamma
just a few months ago we adopted a whole range of measures with the de clercq report . catalogo
a nuclear power station requires a range of security measures , and it is possible that a whole area may no longer be habitable if an accident occurs . serie
mr president , if we are to integrate into a framework programme the wide range of activities in the spheres of international cooperation studies and analyses , renewable energies , energy efficiency , efficient use of solid fuels and nuclear safety , we clearly need an appropriate strategy for developing the sector . sparse
therefore , it would almost be a service to georgia if we were to take up this issue and call upon the georgian government , as stated in the resolution , to finally comply with the un 's proposals following lengthy , serious studies based on a broad range of evidence . invitassimo
it will also make the huge range of quality marks slightly more transparent if there is one common european mark . una
their long-term effects could be even more serious , including hypospadias , undescended testes and a range of reproductive difficulties in both males and females , which we really must take action about now . gamma
the new media law which the serb parliament passed yesterday contains a range of provisions that restrict media freedom . serie
depending on the various interests of the parties concerned , the proposed solutions range from trust in the self-regulatory powers of the free market , through a partial regulation of specific areas , to excluding certain areas of public service . variano
because of the huge range of differences inside and outside the union , it is not feasible to harmonise decommissioning , and the responsibility therefore falls to the member states and the power station operators . NULL
mr president , i too would like to congratulate mrs ryynänen on this own-initiative report , which i think reveals the european union 's great potential for adopting initiatives in a range of areas relating to knowledge and civilisation , both now and in the future . campo
as the rapporteur 's analysis shows , libraries are confronted with a very wide range of problems . gamma
at any rate , the commission will continue to back a wide range of measures to protect the interests of the deaf , in particular by supporting the european union of the deaf . serie
nevertheless , we accept a number of innovations which the commission has incorporated into its text , for instance the creation of a field for horizontal actions , integrating activities from a range of cultural sectors into a single project . diversi
the european union is not just an economic community , but a community of values incorporating a wide range of languages and cultures . diverse
i have listened to and valued the views of a range of organisations , including the social partners , in drawing up the proposals for parliament . varie
this structure could be complemented by an internet site that would be run by the commission and that would promote interactive communication among young people in a wide range of areas , but that would not necessarily form part of the integrated community policies .  
the programme also allows young people to absorb a range of values which will create a sense of belonging to a common social and cultural area . serie
most of the amendments the european parliament will be voting on go some way towards strengthening the commission 's text in relation to the safeguarding , if i can use this expression , of the human experimental animals used in clinical trials , with detailed provisions ranging from full information for participants about the clinical trial and their written consent , to restoration and compensation in the event of damage or death . cavia
i was disappointed particularly by the phrase that ' substantive errors affecting transaction underlying payments ' was in the same range as in previous years . rimasti
your report , mr van velzen , puts forward a wide range of suggestions for further developing the strategy . serie
it really is remarkable that last week , as the council of the european union was adopting the action plan paving the way for the transatlantic economic partnership , our friends in the united states should spring a whole range of unilateral measures on us , in blatant disregard of the rules of the game and in clear violation of the obligations entered into within the world trade organisation . serie
the commission organised a very large meeting with representatives from a very large number of ngos , as well as others concerned , yesterday in brussels on the whole range of wto negotiations . serie
the economic and social committee , for its part , was virtually unanimous in adopting a highly positive opinion on the whole range of proposals aired in the green paper , including the introduction of the community patent . insieme
the commission took the initiative , with active support from parliament , of holding public hearings with the leading experts from various european countries ; these , i believe , have shed light on a whole range of aspects . tanti
it is important to carry this sort of technology in our own product range , so that the market does not depend on a single supplier , because the thought that we shall be able to combine this satellite navigation system with the universal mobile telecommunications system at some time in the future opens up completely new avenues . conseguono
this is a comprehensive report covering a wide range of issues relating to the new transatlantic marketplace . serie
the range of measures that can be financed allows the training stage to be encapsulated in a package of integrated actions , geared to facilitating entry into or return to work . ventaglio
we must try to discover what specific contribution we can make , and on that basis i have tried to identify a whole range of necessary follow-up measures we must take . serie
it is therefore essential to see rural development as support for the creation of a range of additional occupations in rural areas , not just those relating directly to agriculture and food processing , important elements though they will certainly continue to be in such areas . diverse
let me say a few words on multifunctionality with special reference to communal farms , which of course account for most of our farmland , especially in less-favoured locations . not only are these farms multifunctional , but - and this is our main concern , and i believe you are aware of it - in truly rural areas where unemployment is in the 30 to 40 % range , such as mecklenburg / west pomerania and other regions , they are the only guarantors of the relatively few jobs that still exist . meclemburgo
the consumers want good advice and a wide range of titles , and this is guaranteed by fixed book prices . numero
for years now , i and many other honourable members too have been arguing in written questions , articles , letters and resolutions that a review of book pricing should be based in a balanced way on a range of both economic and cultural arguments . serie
am i to understand from the many speeches which have been made here that where there is no book price fixing there is no culture , no quality range of books on offer ? offerta
in its resolution adopted on 31 march this year , parliament made the discharge for the 1996 budget conditional on a whole range of conditions , some connected with that particular year and others of a more general nature . serie
after the success of the amsterdam special action programme , i believe the bank could enhance its role by broadening its range of instruments to promote infrastructure projects and , in particular , the trans-european networks . gamma
as the rapporteur , mr bernard-reymond , says in his very fair report , romania has experienced a range of difficulties and has probably not moved as far along the road to accession as we or they would have hoped . numerosi
unflinching examination of the workings of the commission has initiated a whole range of action and , in our report , we are now laying down a series of clear conditions for granting discharge . serie
thanks to its vast range of activities , the opportunities offered to researchers , teachers and companies have been increased , and the result has been the development of a real sense of european identity . gamma
it means that if a cheap second-hand car with a one-year guarantee is a car in the 500-guilder price range , then in all fairness and reasonableness the form of recompense is deemed disproportionate if you ask for a further year 's guarantee on it . fiorini
in my report i have made some amendments to the commission 's proposals because i think that in certain areas production can be halted even more quickly , alternative substances are available , and it is necessary to have a certain degree of standardisation in halting production so that there are not several different deadlines for individual product ranges . hcfc
in our member states , the same ministers - i am not referring to you personally , mr fischer , but this does need to be said in this kind of debate - who adopt a whole range of regulations and directives in brussels from monday to friday , announce the following saturday or sunday that once again brussels has decided some sort of nonsense . cretinate
during your presidency of the council you will have to implement a range of policies , such as the common foreign and security policy . concretare
this is a whole range of measures that , in my view , are essential to improve the running of the european union and to ensure that the citizens of europe have a better understanding of what it does . insieme
the agreement provides for the joint production and broadcasting of programmes for the general public on a range of contemporary european issues . vari
madam president , commissioner , the debate on the agricultural facet of agenda 2000 and its 8 regulations would appear to provide us with a solid legislative structure and a whole range of attractive new elements . serie
however , the development of a whole range of independent european initiatives goes too far in the opinion of our group , for example when it comes to promoting education and training opportunities for young people in other countries . sorta
there is ample evidence of the need for international coordination , ranging from domain name management to the risk of a us monopoly , to the german judiciary 's initiatives concerning providers ' real or presumed responsibilities , not forgetting the risk of a proliferation of dissimilar legislation from one country to another as electronic commerce gradually gains ground . evidenze
thanks to the commission 's green paper and mrs larive 's report , however , we can appreciate the true range of the subject . ampiezza
the main question is therefore whether there can be a single formula , a harmonious formula , for situations which are different : different in population terms to start with , because the areas and densities are not comparable , and four countries account for 60 % of the population ; different in economic terms , with a per capita gdp ranging from less than 90 000 francs to over 150 000 francs and four countries accounting for 75 % of the turnover ; different in financial terms , with a basic charge varying from 1.70 francs to 3.20 francs varia
each member state has its own rules on the admissibility of commercial communications , and the wide range of laws , rules and practices reflect the diversity of the religious , cultural and social values held by people in the member states .  
the commission is promoting a series of measures and policies aimed at reconciling work and family life : the challenge of finding a balance between these two areas is vital for a whole range of employment and social matters . serie
it covers a wide range of issues such as the transparency of demographic information , the free use of the tibetan language as well as open and clear information on alleged incidents involving ethnic minority groups and dissidents . gamma
given the range of opinions on such subjects , the only answer is to give the individual a set of reasonable options . spettro
they are generally held to comprise a minimum range of telecommunications services of a certain quality that can be made available to all users at reasonable prices . offerta
some services are business-related , ranging from insurance to corporate services ; others are distributive , such as transport and communications ; household-related services include retailing and catering , while other services relate to the social sector , covering areas such as employment and personal finance . legati
the management team or , in smaller businesses , the manager , must be quick to recognise market openings for their products and services and must adjust their range rapidly to keep up with customer demand . offerta
that is why the greens urge all colleagues to support the amendments tabled with a view to eliminating cages over the next few years and proposing free range rearing at a density compatible with the characteristics of these birds , a law which is , moreover , already in force in switzerland . gabbie
it must be said that the fiscal instrument , together with a whole range of legislative provisions and regulations , is of considerable importance for the development of financial services in europe . serie
the third group is made up of the middlemen , who have a range of differing interests . differenziati
these range from those who are fortunate enough to enjoy genuine protection complementing refugee status , to those who are merely tolerated and do not have refugee status or rights , and whose situation is totally unstable , precarious and constantly being called into question . variabile
from those various contacts , through the association councils at ministerial level and through correspondence , it has become apparent that bulgaria and romania are making considerable efforts , not least with the help of the union and supported by the phare programme , in a whole range of important areas , with a view to the decision that will have to be taken on their inclusion in the common list . serie
mr president , i should like to compliment mr gutiérrez díaz on his report which covers a wide range of issues . serie
for me it is crucial that this balance is secured in the best way possible , so that in future , copyright holders will be assured of payment for the use of their work , without severely limiting the range of information available to ordinary citizens . offerta
overseas countries and territories , acp countries and ultraperipheral regions do in fact differ and the union has rightly established a range of instruments for them . campo
on the one hand he proposes a range of administrative measures , on the other a range of financial measures . serie
by the same token , we also support , overall , the very diverse range of proposals and ideas contained in the draft legislative resolution in this report . gamma
the declaration of 10 december contains a range of operative proposals and the council will be discussing their formulation in the coming months . serie
pvc has a wide range of applications , but its disposal creates environmental problems . pvc
they range from horrific murders , as in the case of the australian missionary graham staines and his two children in india , to arrests , torture and the disappearance of individuals ; they extend to trials on trumped-up charges . spietati
madam president , i would like to thank mr bardong for all the effort he has put into this important report , although i too wish to comment on its title , which fails to do justice to the full range of the subject . bardong
thirdly , in view of the fact that due to the arrangements put in place by the belgian authorities , it was impossible to guarantee the presence of the staff needed to ensure the smooth running of the parliamentary committee meetings - which , as you know better than i , require the attendance of a whole range of officials , interpreters and so on - the wisest course of action seemed to be to cancel the meetings . complesso
the extent of liberalisation in the various transport sectors - road , air , rail , shipping and postal services - still ranges from total liberalisation to a monopoly of the few . oscillano
this range is also reflected in the working conditions and social protection enjoyed by workers . protezione
we are talking today about the labelling of beverages with an alcoholic content in excess of 1.2 % by volume - an extremely wide variety of beverages , ranging from wine to fortified beverages and even to the so-called alcopops . alcopops
doctors are now recommending that we consume at least three litres of liquid every day , and consumers have a wide range to choose from . ingerire
so that is one of the reasons why we have such a broad range of legislation covering the field . spettro
the public are today dependent on a range of computerised services , such as pensions , family allowances , sickness benefits , insurance , energy supply and transport . informatizzati
i must point out that rule 6 ( 6 ) states that the report of the committee shall be placed at the head of the agenda of the first sitting following the day on which it was tabled . i see this has not been done in the case of the report by mr wibe , which is placed as the last item on today 's agenda following a whole range of reports by the committee on women 's rights . serie
of course , an arbitration authority is needed in case our work is inadequate and does not cover the range of situations which could arise , and we feel that the chairman of the committee should be able to settle any disputes which might still arise despite this improvement in the rules .  
the refusal to grant the commission a discharge last december brought to light a whole range of inconsistencies between the provisions of the treaty and annex v of the rules of procedure . serie
but we also want to create a range of additional incentives , for instance through the ten-year market exclusivity right . serie
here we have a whole range of options that are at least equally effective . serie
mr president , this commission proposal completes a significant range of measures concerning the trans-european networks , although it has to be said that the solution envisaged will not be the last word on this matter . esauriamo
for categories 3 to 5 , as a basis for further negotiations , the delegations set ranges within which the final annual ceilings will lie .  
the debate is not about determining how a specific country might pay less , but rather how to finance a range of common policies in a fairer and more effective manner . the aim of this is , of course , to create more jobs and reduce inequalities . serie
we hope that the commission will look at the whole range of these areas , including oil pipelines - which are not technically part of the network agreement - and bring forward a communication on this subject in the near future . condutture
and we do have potential : growth potential and employment potential in a whole range of new technological developments - in environmental technology and in the increasingly efficient use of energy . serie
a great many tacis projects have been set up , ranging from projects promoting democracy , transport , energy , telecommunications , education and the environment , to projects aimed at combating drug trafficking . tacis
the report deals with a range of social questions which do not fall within the eu 's decision-making powers . serie
the partnership between the largest state of the saarc community and the european union should be of high quality , built up through exchanges of young people , information and of course high tech , networks and a whole range of other experiences , involving political parties and parliaments as well . saarc
it also means making use of the whole range of possibilities offered by the union , and parliament 's views are therefore also very welcome . gamma
one slight criticism of this organisation is perhaps that it has failed to widen its range of powers and the scope of its activities , which have virtually become set in stone . storica
it is a very broad summary of recent eu policy and measures and it covers a broad range of issues and geographical areas . gamma
this could be a significant advance given that at present several members of the outgoing commission are responsible for different areas , which range from the legal aspects of migration , humanitarian aid and the free movement of persons to the foreign policy aspects of migration . spaziano
the proposal , which has been amended by the committee on agriculture , lists a whole range of possible actions . nevertheless , the best publicity will always be the quality , safety , hygiene , labelling and respect for the environment that are characteristic of community products . diverse
we will therefore have to make considerable efforts in this field in the future and develop a wide range of information and promotional measures so as to consolidate our position in these markets , particularly because european products are as a rule highly processed and that can only mean that jobs are also at stake here . gamma
as to amendment no 18 , on establishing a common range of penalties , it is difficult to see how member states acting individually can establish a common range while detailed prescription by the community in this sensitive area would be inappropriate . insieme
our definition of human rights has not been dictated by europe , but is based on conventions and definitions as they appear in texts ranging from the un charter to european conventions . diktat
the actions implemented within this framework cover a wide range of areas from water policy to air pollution control . spettro
in other words , there are a range of regions and countries which have a lower level of development , which have to compete under very difficult conditions to meet the objectives of the stability pact and which will experience problems doing so . serie
the council will be aware that on 11 april india test-fired a medium- range ballistic missile , the agni 2 , which has a range of 2 , 000 km and is capable of delivering a nuclear warhead . agni
they range from the successful launch of the single currency and the entry into force of the treaty of amsterdam to the resignation of the commission and the ongoing accession process for 10 countries . NULL
as far as the first sentence of the text goes , given the wide range of issues up for discussion in the context of customs 2000 , the commission prefers to leave it to the member states to decide whether to take part with more than one representative , so as to be able to discuss specific issues .  
in our recent communication on this issue , the commission outlined how a range of policies can promote a high level of employment and how policies are increasingly being directed towards this objective . diverse
hearing you just now listing the various programmes for employment , training , consumers and the environment , i think there is a wide range of areas being addressed . grossa
on the other hand , we should pay attention to the increasingly numerous , louder and weightier voices in europe , ranging from oskar lafontaine to the 180 members of the italian parliament of the democratic left-christian democrat majority , whose vision of europe means that , like us , they are also calling for the bombing to stop . oskar
thirdly , it rigidly determines a range of figures , rejecting a system of equal , flexible and evolving parameters , thereby penalising future members of this house in particular . serie
i nonetheless believe that a key element of the reform is the extension of the range of issues that come under the codecision procedure . consista
the treaty provides the european union with a wider range of instruments but at the same time raises new questions to which we shall have to find answers in cologne . amplia
as you can see , even without the additional challenges facing the union as a result of the crisis in kosovo and the resignation of the commission , there is a wide range of tasks to be dealt with in cologne . raggruppamento
i want to take this opportunity to particularly thank the commissioner , mrs wulf-mathies , for supporting the european parliament 's position on these questions , as also on a range of others . serie
the agreement includes the trade objectives of the interim agreement , but also incorporates a social philosophy , a range of possibilities for cooperation in areas such as professional training , regional development or support for cultural diversity . gamma
if we use them properly , they will present us with a vast range of opportunities which have to be grasped and which will enhance the competitiveness of european business . grandiose
unfortunately , the commission was only informed of the problem by the belgian authorities on 27 may , but we immediately implemented a whole range of measures with a view to safeguarding the health of humans and animals . serie
the foodstuffs and veterinary office of dg xxiv has introduced a range of measures on site . serie
these talks have led , in the meantime , to specific health protection measures being implemented and the lifting of temporary import barriers for a range of products . serie
i certainly do not know , because i do not have the technical expertise , whether the range of recovered vegetable oils which are now seen to be a source of risk should be subject to an outright ban , or whether it should simply be limited to some section of kitchen waste which should never have been in any form of animal foodstuff in the first instance . gamma
that is why i am asking for a temporary parliamentary committee of enquiry to be established , with the responsibility of ensuring that the whole range of problems is brought to the table , and that all the lessons to be learned from it are looked at . analizzati
in my introductory remarks on this issue , i pointed out that in the area of market regulations , we have put in place a whole range of measures to alleviate the difficult situation in different areas . serie
it should be made clear in this regard that in carrying out a range of duties , with this comes full responsibility . assunzione
although industrial and radioactive discharges continue from a range of sources , the practice of direct dumping with little thought to the future is now widely regarded as unacceptable . serie
the dissemination of information about the range of marine pollution threats - hydrocarbons , radioactive substances and other harmful substances - will serve to ensure that the best possible mitigation measures are in place and have the full public trust and confidence of the public . tipi
since the amsterdam treaty came into force on 1 may , the codecision procedure , which involves a very close relationship between parliament , the commission and the council , now covers a wide range of policies including those in the transport sector , regional affairs , social matters , employment initiatives , structural funding , consumer protection , public health and environmental concerns . gamma
i would like to point out to my colleague that the treaty of amsterdam refers to ending discrimination not only against women but against a whole range of minorities on the basis of race , ethnicity , sexual orientation , disability . tante
european policy in the field of justice is in a state ranging from bad to useless , a point i want to make to my newly arrived finnish colleagues too . pessime
what is being proposed here is the dismantling of a range of democratic mechanisms and , in their place , the construction of supranational systems which will create democratic problems with a vengeance . serie
finally , why not make the visibility of this new european area the benchmark of citizens ' trust , not by reducing the problem to the age-old argument of " freedom versus security " , but instead by taking on the whole range of new challenges and concerns for which european citizens hope europe will actually find solutions ? ampiezza
the codecision procedure covers a wide range of activities including those in the transport sector , regional affairs , social matters , employment initiatives , structural funding , consumer protection , public health and environmental concerns . gamma
in addition , with regard to the oct associated to the european union , commissioner nielson acknowledged the need to present as quickly as possible a wide range of proposals intended to give these countries a status appropriate to their current situation , with a view to the forthcoming association agreement and , in particular , the consequent renewal of the financial instrument allocated to their development . insieme
mr president , the only issue left to address at this stage , given the broad range of contributions from all sides of this house , is why we are surprised about what has happened in indonesia , why we are surprised at the impotent response of the european union to the tragic genocide of the last two weeks in east timor . serie
in the dioxin scandal , for example , what is needed , it seems to me , is not so much a mad rush to ban a whole range of products - rvos and so on - as the possibility of discovering whether these things are new pollutants or simply products which have become polluted . gamma
the result is , of course , that we still do not have a satisfactory situation with regard to a self-supporting sector of the economy , capable of development , above all in the middle range . fascia
mr president , on behalf of the eldr group i would like to signal our strong support for the efforts of both the european commission and the council to persuade our international partners of the virtues of a broad-based new round of wto talks , covering a wide range of issues . serie
with regard to the possibility of developing countries gaining access to the techniques of commercial liberalisation , to the wto and its panels etc , it is true , as has been said , that this poses a problem , that this objective is not yet within the range of many of them and that the use of these complex mechanisms is reserved for those who have the means , hence our proposal of technical assistance ( which is furthermore mentioned in the commission ' s document ) , so that these countries may themselves possess and use the necessary portata
in the european union ' s territory , in our territory , a whole range of completely intolerant attitudes and behaviour bordering on the fascistic is currently prevailing towards homosexuals . serie
will the council undertake to keep the decision on the review and request the commission to ensure that airports in objective i areas and objective i areas in transition are not penalised by the loss of revenue resulting from the ending of duty-free , which inevitably leads to higher prices for consumers , loss of earnings for airlines , shipping companies , ports and airports , and threatens employment for the industries and small firms which have supplied a range of goods to duty-free shops ? aere
some of you may be aware that plastic material is increasingly being used across the motor industry and this uniform test standard will allow designers to concentrate on meeting one single standard , instead of having to divert their efforts to meet a whole range of different standards .  
it is quite clear from mr ferri ' s analysis that we are talking in terms of motor vehicle legislation not just at a european level , but at the united nations economic commission for europe level which has , for many years now , been accepted within the motor vehicle industry as setting a whole range of global standards . abilitato
the two pillars are : the reference value for monetary growth , m3 , and a broadly-based assessment of a wide range of indicators and their impact on the primary aim of price stability . gamma
that broadly-based assessment is one that encompasses a wide range of indicators , of course including developments in the real economy , movements in employment and unemployment , an assessment of movement of the exchange rate in so far as it has an impact on price levels in the euro area . rientrano
echo ' s presence in a wide range of countries , each with its own workers who have been sent out , is an important link in an effective policy of humanitarian aid . tanti
this means that the constituent elements of particular criminal offences are to be defined , that substantive criminal law is to be harmonised , that there is to be mutual recognition of court judgements , that eurojust is to be set up and that there is to be protection for the victims of crime : all in all , a full range of measures signifying that the summit was a success . serie
thanks to the activities that were developed within the respective frameworks , access to a vast range of cultural products and values has been provided for many european citizens who would not otherwise have had this opportunity . gamma
madam president , i had to find out about these facts through a journalist who rang from spain . chiamato
more than two dozen fisheries agreements with third countries are currently in force , ranging from a straight exchange of fishing rights to agreements for access to stocks in return for financial compensation payments . variano
then , the only eligible products are : deboned meat and a limited range of derived products , from animals between 6 and 30 months of age and born after the effective feed ban , that is born after 1 august 1996 . gamma
the first report in march cited a whole range of positive suggestions to this effect , i.e. an eco-tax , a co2-tax , taxation on the creaming-off of short-term speculative gains , ecb profits . serie
there is a range of lesser aspects that have also been addressed in the committee discussions . serie
we must create mechanisms which will cover the whole range , the whole spectrum of crisis management instruments , from those which are strictly humanitarian and civil to the other extreme , which relate more closely to military aspects . gamma
so the european union has to envisage action right across the whole range of instruments at its disposal , both military and non-military . gamma
we in the commission can contribute to this with a range of instruments in areas such as public procurement , the internal market , research and competition . gamma
the eldr remains unambiguously supportive of further trade liberalisation , of the strengthening of the multilateral trade system and of a broadly based negotiation covering a wide range of existing and new trade matters . gamma
we do not really see how we can increase the range of matters that can be decided by qualified majority unless the member states , especially the smallest , have the means to oppose them by invoking their pre-eminent national interest . ventaglio
there must therefore be clear definitions in a range of areas as to where majority voting is necessary . serie
although those are key points , crucial points , we believe that it is right that the igc ranges beyond just those three issues . spazi
i am certain that , with some good will , we can find a whole range of other areas where that is not the case . serie
where section 27 is concerned , we view as considerable progress the fact that the so-called petersberg tasks in the cologne document ( humanitarian and rescue tasks , peace-keeping tasks and tasks of combat forces in crisis management , including peace-making ) are to be incorporated into the eu ' s range of tasks . operazioni
mr president , i wish the finnish presidency every success at the helsinki summit as this will conclude a range of important work undertaken during its term . serie
although the initial aim was to ensure that the public has easy access to up-to-date information , the rapporteur has gone further by specifying not only the frequency with which information must be made available , but also the range of media to be used in distributing this information . this is not unimportant . ventaglio
the external quality of plants has a big impact , not only on the percentage which survive , which can range from 20 % to 85 % , but also on their future development in the extremely harsh conditions of their transfer to this climate . sopravvivono
it received a mandate to include an extensive range of new areas in the millennium round , but in fact it intended to grant the wto an increased range of responsibilities and powers . gamma
thanks are due to the council for the fact that it is now finally speaking plainly about russia ' s flagrant breach of a whole range of international obligations . serie
finally , i would like to congratulate the main rapporteur , jean-louis bourlanges , for his excellent work , which is obviously still continuing , and thank him and the chairman of the committee on budgets , terence wynn , for their good and constructive cooperation and the diverse range of support they gave . ampio
the commission took three further decisions on the application of regulation no 4064 / 89 concerning merger control and on regulation no 17 / 62 in application of articles 85 and 86 of the treaty , imposing fines ranging from eur 100 000 to eur 3 000 for each company that has supplied incorrect information in response to requests for information that have been made to them . variano
it is also very important that we do not limit our range of options by excluding the flexible mechanisms of carbon dioxide-free nuclear power . relegare
this is why we unreservedly support this proposal which sets deadlines for eliminating a range of toxic substances . serie
i want to make the point that in our anxiety to protect consumers we must be equally careful not to over-regulate a sector which has the capacity to produce a diverse range of quality food . gamma
