in fact , over the last decade , the temperature has risen more than in the rest of the century . resto
the commission acknowledges the fact that turkey has signed and ratified the convention on nuclear safety and recognises that the responsibility for granting licences and regulating the siting , construction , commissioning , operation and decommissioning of nuclear power plants in turkey rests entirely with the turkish atomic energy authority . spetta
a big responsibility rests with the united nations because they are addressed with this report , so they have to take responsibility . spetta
five countries have transposed this into national legislation and the rest are at the discussion stage . altri
the fate of the commission , of the whole european union , rests on delivery of this reform . affidato
they put their own petty squabbles first , and the rest is history . campanile
it received strong support from the rest of the commissioners and it has been through an interservice consultation in the whole of the commission . vigoroso
you can therefore rest assured that the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left is committed to seeing that the union gets on with the tasks in hand . star
the discretional power of the state , which you propose in point e of your amendment no 10 , seems to me to be inconsistent with the rest of your excellent report . testo
and a fully-fledged europe can compete with the rest of the world and fully rediscover its roots , highlight its common cultural heritage and enhance and restore dignity to cultural and linguistic islands that until now were less well-known . resto
the commission is aware of the construction of the harbour , but we know nothing about the warehouse or the rest of the infrastructure mentioned by the honourable member . altre
as for the rest , if you have any recommendations or suggestions on the involvement of a particular structure - i think you spoke of a cooperative structure - i am ready and willing , on the basis of suggestions from meps - you will be acting within your role and i within mine - to relay these suggestions , provided that they respect the spirit and letter of the structural funds regulation . resto
if we are to rest our position on the human rights dialogue , then we need to be able to convince you , the ngo community and the public at large that it is actually getting somewhere . basare
apart from amendment no 76 , which was an error , since i intended to vote in favour , the rest of my votes can be explained by means of the following fictional situation : resto
during the presidential elections , it appeared that things were not running too smoothly , but compared to the rest of the region , macedonia could serve as a model . resto
we would gain a great deal if we managed to export this model to the rest of the western balkans with the help of the macedonians . resto
for the rest , i warmly thank our rapporteur . resto
i see that a diplomat from the council is present who is diligently taking notes and who will then report to the council but , for the rest , nothing will get done . resto
it is of inestimable importance that people in europe , as well as in the rest of the world , should have the opportunity to experience each other ' s ways of ordering their lives and their societies . resto
may he rest in peace . riposi
we have worked hard in recent months and weeks and will continue to do so for the rest of this year during the portuguese presidency , which is clearly carrying out excellent work , and during the french presidency which will undoubtedly continue working with the same speed and skill as it has demonstrated on other occasions . mesi
mr president , mr solana , you have the full support and confidence of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , but we would remind you of the huge responsibility which now rests upon your shoulders . grava
you must lay these concerns to rest for , as you yourself have said , when we are able to present a united transatlantic front , we are in a position to do something . esorcizzarle
mr solana , the war in kosovo and the continuing crisis , have served to reveal a european public opinion that is aware that defending the fundamental values that gave rise to the european union , throughout the world , should no longer continue to rest solely on the shoulders of the president of the united states of america and that the time has come to share the burden , which our american friends have constantly been demanding since europe became a world economic power . affidamento
i would like to emphasise , however , that the eu and the rest of the world must not limit their aid to mozambique to the emergency that we are now discussing . resto
firstly , there is the commitment to having genuine benchmarks , a genuine process of peer review , to the setting of targets , of genuine targets that we can achieve , to governments agreeing to embark upon what is quite a brave process of saying : ' yes , we will allow ourselves to be marked against each other , we will allow ourselves to be marked against the rest of the world ' . resto
ladies and gentlemen , i would like to ask that in this matter , also taking into account the fact that the commission is going to support amendment no 16 by mr sterckx - i will refer to the rest of the amendments later - you accept the initial draft . altri
apart from this , i would like to state that we consider the suggestions being made to be very positive and that , therefore , we could incorporate into the text of the directive , with some rewording that would enable coherence with current community and international texts to be guaranteed , as well as coherence with the rest of the directive , amendments such as 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 and 15 . resto
surely this provides the rest of europe with an example to be followed ? altri
now , however , it would seem that the rest , the remaining 20 % , are so problematic , that time is passing by and the talks have already ended in deadlock on many occasions . restante
in fact , these two extremes of the pyrenees are suffering from saturation since they are the only real land links of any capacity between the iberian peninsula and the rest of the european continent . resto
both internal work and foreign policy rest on this principle . riposano
this would mean that the directive could be adopted by a qualified majority , and we would then be able to lay the directive to rest . sistemata
madam president , i would be most grateful if we could lay mrs caroline jackson ' s resolution to rest in the committee on the environment ; we could take care of it in three or four minutes . jackson
might the rest of the acquis communautaire no longer be untouchable ? intoccabile
while we may not be able to devote to each report the time its importance would merit , we can safely say , when we discuss human rights elsewhere , in the rest of the world , that we have not omitted to carry out a serious analysis of shortcomings here in the european union itself . resto
without this irrefutable component of our moral concept of social organisation , the very existence of the union would cease to make sense , because , as well as constituting a broad space of economic freedom , the citizens of the fifteen member states wish , above all else , to offer the rest of the world an example of the scrupulous respect for these rights . resto
we must help them find jobs and we must do a great deal of educational work so that what happened recently , the literal immuration and separation of the roma and sinti from the rest of the inhabitants in the community , is never repeated . resto
for the rest , i should like to say to mr folias , who worries about the problem of footwear that , generally-speaking , trade relations between europe and mexico have always proven their worth in the past . folias
for the rest , the citizens must control the state , not the other way around . NULL
the rest of us should start a counter-revolution . controrivoluzione
i therefore ask that you quickly resume and complete the vote on the ludford report and the rest of the agenda .  
secondly , i should like to say that there is a rule here , that it is standard practice to vote up to 1.30 p.m. on thursdays and to leave the rest until 6.00 p.m. , after the urgent votes . restante
- ( da ) the european union rests upon fundamental principles of freedom , democracy and respect for human rights . basa
the european commission 's europe-by-satellite service is continuing its support by making available time on its service for independent tv stations in serbia to broadcast information which will reach the rest of the region and encourage exchange of programmes . resto
i have to stress , madam president and members of parliament , that my responsibility rests in the area of public health and consumer protection . responsabile
we are uneasy because we do not understand very well where this high level working group comes from or why it is being maintained , why the council is making a proposal in this way and why that proposal was taken up at tampere ; what the commission is going to do in these action plans and what coherence there is between this proposal and the work carried out by the council ' s high level working group and the rest of the commission proposals on policies to be implemented in the union . altre
i refer to the checks which your department needs to carry out , commissioner bolkestein , and the question of the burden of proof which , according to article 4 , rests solely on the injured party . ricade
our children should be protected against this disrespectful exploitation , which reduces them to mere toys and leaves them damaged for the rest of their lives . degrada
therefore i should like to lay these apprehensions to rest . apprensioni
as i have little time left , i should like to give a very succinct and concentrated presentation of the rest of my report . resto
we would be able to recognise the good intentions of the developing countries and could then negotiate writing off and ignoring the rest of their debts . restante
we have held lengthy discussions on this summit and on the fact that its effectiveness rested on two pillars : one is the european union , and the other is the oau . supporti
akin birdal has started serving the rest of his sentence . scontando
for my own constituency of course , aberdeen angus beef is already justly renowned throughout the world but i am sure the same is true for other regions in the rest of the uk and other member states . dirsi
the temptation for those in power to act arbitrarily which this paragraph encourages is a clear illustration of the position taken in the rest of the report , and a terrible omen . summenzionata
the fiscal and budgetary autonomy of the european union rests on this , as does , to a certain extent , its political autonomy . basa
faced with proposals that confuse ambition and reality , i wish to emphasise that establishing a european committee for stock exchange operations is certainly not the number one priority and , as i have no speaking time left , mr president , i will give an explanation of vote tomorrow to say the rest of what i still wanted to say , because as draftsperson of the committee ' s opinion and as a speaker on the second report , it is really impossible to say everything in two minutes .  
i therefore appeal to the greens to withdraw this point , failing which i would recommend that you vote against it , so as to ensure consistency with the rest of the decision . restante
madam president , we wish to request a split vote , first on the term " four-fifths " and then on the rest . resto
mr bourlanges , i can perhaps put your mind at rest by informing you that i will , of course , refer this morning ' s matter to the bureau . accontentarla
the key question is , do we want our citizens to enjoy a good night ' s rest , and even day ' s rest and , secondly , are we able to give them just that ?  
in the course of the rest of the year i can say with certainty that velocity will at least be maintained . resto
the internal market has become a reality and the fundamental freedoms enshrined by the treaty of rome as objectives have indeed been achieved , but whilst in the past the creation of the internal market was an end in itself leading to economic development , now new challenges have arisen for a market which is being forced to compete with the rest of the world by the globalisation of the economy . resto
just as jacques delors , valery giscard d 'estaing and helmut schmidt , among others , recently proposed , the core countries of europe should go further along the road towards integration than the others , while the rest of the union could develop as a confederation of independent states and differentiate . resto
i trust that the rest of the procedure will be marked by less harping on about principles and more joint endeavour to use the funds in the european budget efficiently and for the benefit and in support of the objectives of the european union . arroccati
this same spirit , this " lowest common denominator " approach , pervades the rest of the proposed measures , such as the mandatory removal of various organs ( spleen , brain , spinal cord , etc . ) . altri
once we get to the stage where we have a vaccine or some way of identifying or testing if an animal has bse , then there is an argument for testing the rest of the herd and if there is a trigger level whereby it goes beyond that , then the whole herd should be taken out . mandria
that is perhaps why our situation is much better than the rest of the united kingdom . resto
the other provisions of the directive relating to daily and weekly rest breaks , annual leave and nightwork will , of course , apply to junior doctors after a three-year transposition period just as they do for all other workers . risposo
i want to know whether junior doctors in some countries are some sort of superhuman who can do without adequate rest and who will not harm their own health or that of their patients in the process . riposo
mr president , this proposal will bring an additional seven million workers in europe under the protection of the working time directive , allowing them to have reasonable working conditions and proper rest periods . riposo
the bridge will make it considerably easier to convey people and goods from sweden and finland to the rest of europe . resto
in my country , spain , as in russia , a different gauge to the rest of europe was chosen in order to make a possible military invasion more difficult , which proves that european construction was not the priority for those people who took the decisions on railway routes . resto
probably that would be up to at least half the standard of the rest of continental europe , but it is very welcome to those of us who live in that area . resto
it is , in effect , appropriate for them to be able to rest in-between operations , particularly during their training period , also in consideration of the fact that , during the rest of their careers , it is above all - not exclusively , but for the most part - the elderly who will fall victim to their scalpels . riposarsi
this is highly reminiscent of the exploitation of agricultural workers in some countries who are forced to buy from the boss ' s shop at inflated prices and who are then forced to work for the rest of their lives for scant wages in order to pay off their debts to this shop . miseri
a preliminary eu proposal currently being developed would see the deployment of 150 observers , 100 of whom would be deployed in the first week of june to observe the electoral campaign and the rest to augment the eu ' s observation of the vote and the count . raggiungerebbero
if the commission were not to do this , the illegal dispossessions of land could spread to the rest of southern africa and this would be a disaster , not only for the area concerned , but also for the rest of africa . resto
the rest will be replied to in writing . altre
i would remind you that in this area , my country spent years , sometimes in relative isolation from the rest of the community , trying to draw attention to the situation in indonesia , and the success of that pressure was only measurable against the internal reaction and above all against action by the people of east timor . isolata
in short , we must do at community and union level the things that can only be done at those levels and push the rest down . resto
once they have , as victims , worked in prostitution , they are labelled prostitutes for the rest of their lives or , as the saying goes , once a prostitute , always a prostitute . prostituta
before the house adjourns you might like to hear the proposal for the organisation of business for the rest of the day . resto
at any rate , the results of this second check will be available by the start of the next part-session in strasbourg , and rest assured , ladies and gentlemen , that if they should be positive , i.e. if these pathogenic elements are found to be still present , then the college of quaestors will advise the bureau and the conference of presidents to take the necessary action . garantisco
obviously , the rest will follow , with huge repercussions on economic activity and employment within the european union . altre
it is necessary to ensure that tobacco products are hard to come by and to warn the rest of the users about the risks as best we can . restanti
it is a very addictive drug , and i most certainly would not want the tobacco industry , by which i here mean swedish snuff manufacturers , to be given the opportunity to market snuff in the rest of europe as something healthy . resto
madam president , sweden has a different alcohol policy from the rest of europe . resto
the rest are illegal and may , for example , involve gangland operations , illicit distilling or smuggling by private individuals who , as the politicians see it , are bringing more than their ration into the country . resto
we know that the information is in general gathered as a result of the obligations that rest with companies from the whole of the inspection regime . impone
nonetheless , it will now probably become necessary for the finnish government to begin adjusting tax levels downwards so as to avoid major problems when the restrictions on private imports of beer are gradually reduced to that level which is to apply to the rest of the internal market . resto
for the rest , there has been no occasion on which my voting conduct might be interpreted as representing indirect interests or on which i have departed from the opinion of my group . inoltre
mr president , the essentials have been covered , but i should like to reiterate the point that the right to propose legislation rests with the commission . spetta
first , the violation of international law , as practised by nato , and which , for the rest , still forms part of the official nato military strategy , should not shape future security policy . resto
i very much hope that in the next five years we will be able to carry that programme forward in tunisia and the rest of the region . resto
this is positive in itself and will bring china into a new and different dynamic in terms of closer relations with the rest of the world , although this must not cause us to stop being vigilant with regard to the respect for human rights , social rights and environmental rights . resto
we want to keep parliament fully informed about our plans , but i am absolutely certain that , having made this extremely important breakthrough , it is now very important to give as much technical help as possible to ensure that it has the results in china and , therefore , for the rest of the region and the world that all of us hope for and would like to see . resto
for the rest , our position is based on the principles of free and fair global trade and is shaped by the european model of a social , ecological market economy , many fundamental points of which are already included in european framework legislation . NULL
in any case , the people would be grateful and , for the rest , our aid would be worthless without any progress with integration . peraltro
one is the sensitivity it shows by specifically highlighting the fact that there are certain social groups - women , children , immigrants , homosexuals - who are more vulnerable than the rest of the population , as well as the fact that there are also certain sectors who , ignoring the most basic democratic principles , prefer to use violence to impose their objectives . resto
fortunately this small part of the text does not invalidate the rest of its content which i regard as positive . inficia
i , myself , have tabled a technical amendment , the third amendment , which corrects a transcription error likely to cause confusion and make paragraph 28 inconsistent with the rest of the report . resto
however , i cannot accept amendment no 4 , amendment no 5 , amendment no 6 or amendment no 7 , for i consider that they misrepresent the rest of the report . resto
at least two main criteria must be met if we are to achieve this objective : first , we need reliable assessments of the measures taken and , if they are efficient , we need to implement them , not only in the member states , but also in the candidate countries , the rest of central and eastern europe and in any third country with the right legal framework under relevant agreements . centrorientale
i hope that most members in this house will agree with me that we should be moving towards a visa-free europe , a europe without barriers , at ease with itself and the rest of the world . resto
rest assured , mr president , that the tdi group will vote in favour of discharge , at least the radical wing of the group which i represent here . NULL
she ran ahead of the committee without the rest of us realising what was going on . potessimo
rest assured that the french presidency will scrupulously adhere to such provisions . garantisco
the ' oil for food ' programme cannot constitute an alibi for the crime which is still being committed , since only a small part of the value of what iraq is allowed to export returns as food and medicines , while the rest is retained for ' compensation ' or remains frozen in western banks , with iraq unable to use it . resto
the bank cannot tell us , ' we have put an end to inflation and inflation is what we say it is , what we judge it to be , and we judge it in a subjective and arbitrary manner , in isolation from the rest of the economy and , more importantly , in isolation from support for employment , which is also the obligation of the european central bank ' .  
as you know , there are two groups of people who spend a great deal of their time thinking about money : those who are extremely rich and have a great deal of money and those who have very little money or who need to budget every day to make sure they can make ends meet for the rest of the month . arrivare
mr president , this report requesting banning the use of phthalates in some soft pvc children 's toys is flawed in many ways and rests on a dubious legal basis , given that the chairman of the scientific committee for toxicity , eco-toxicity and the environment , professor bridges , when he appeared before this parliament 's committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy on 23 may , stated : " it is hard to see how it " - the ban - " would come under a scientific interpretation of serious and immediate risk " , fonda
for the rest , i should like to assure our chairman that i have a great deal of respect for procedure , perhaps more than many other fellow members , both on this and other matters . voglio
thirdly , the european union must show solidarity with venezuela , and with latin america in general , so that we can counteract the negative effects of the great influence of the north of the continent on the rest of it . resto
for the rest , we support this resolution because we helped draft it . ha
we are unusual in that we only have a land connection with the rest of the eu in the north , so the importance of maritime traffic is enormous . altri
if i can use this opportunity , i would just like to say that it would perhaps be sensible if in future , for example , we do not manage to vote on a tuesday evening , we could squeeze in an extra round of voting , so that we do not incur further delays during the rest of the week . corso
i can see a certain contradiction and i am concerned , and i believe i speak for the rest of the committee on employment and social affairs as well , that behaviour within the commission in relation to the issue appears to be somewhat contradictory . contraddittori
clearly , we also need to intervene with the criminal framework where real crimes are committed , but it is important for the criminal framework to be consistent with the rest of the legislation , administrative sanctions and provisions regulating the economy in order to make the overall framework consistent . resto
i can only hope that the rest of the debate and the report are more accurate than mrs mckenna . resto
europe has followed the lead of the rest of the international community , especially the united states - and i shall end here madam president - and intends to do everything to facilitate the decisions incumbent upon the main players , i.e. the israelis and the palestinians , who are answerable to their people and to posterity , and to foster the emergence of peace , a peace which we have waited so long for , wished for so hard and which is now within our grasp . resto
over the last few years our assistance in the region has been averaging about eur 800 million , that is from the commission and the eib , about eur 450 million from the commission and the rest from the eib . resto
look around the middle east , and indeed the rest of the world , and what confronts us is an array of weapons of mass destruction , mostly supplied by the developed world , including the european union . resto
the only conclusion to be drawn from this is that the major powers , which are capable of mobilising huge resources in order to impose their hegemony on the rest of the world , are not prepared to make the slightest effort when it comes to saving human lives . resto
this concern has arisen mainly as a result of the successive budgetary cuts in the field of cooperation which , to a certain extent , illustrate and endorse the fears i have just mentioned , which i feel we must lay to rest once and for all . fugare
it is certainly not wanted by the british people , nor , i believe , is it wanted by many of the citizens in the rest of europe . resto
for the rest , however , it is a complicated matter to attempt harmonisation with countries which are not yet members of the european union . resto
rest assured that , as far as we are concerned , the mandate is still the basis for further negotiations . NULL
i understand that my speech leaked out to the rest of the members of parliament beforehand , hence their disappearance in mass numbers . trapelati
both agreements fall within a general european community policy based on our presence in the rest of the world . resto
the traffickers in human beings and the document forgers will thank those of you who support this proposal , and you can rest assured that the general public ' s response will be one of indignation . siatene
the essential thing is that , by approving the joint text under debate , we will have a directive that will protect our seas and coastlines from pollution caused by ships , and we will also have enhanced the image of the european union as a standard-bearer for environmental policy and as an example for the rest of the world to follow . resto
on that basis , the directive is being amended to improve the protection of animals during transport , providing in particular for additional measures to protect the horses with a mandatory unloading and fixed resting period for commercial consignments of horses passing through a border inspection post of the union . riposo
i would just like to use the rest of the time available to mention an amendment which is particularly important to me and which i believe people found difficult to assess objectively : the amendment on illegal child labour , which i will summarise now . dedicare
what we must understand is that the future success of european initiatives in the employment , insurance and tax sectors depends on the way in which this issue is resolved ; in other words , this issue is of equal importance to employers , workers and the rest of society . intera
regarding the questions that will shortly be put to the commission and the council , you will be aware that the french government , confronted by the fuel crisis that has gripped france along with the rest of europe , took a number of measures yesterday which will drastically alter the conditions of competition and the basis of the fight against the greenhouse effect , and which will , therefore , have an immediate and serious impact on europe . tutta
this latent civil war was complicated a great deal as a result of the development of drug trafficking , with colombia becoming a country where drugs are produced and transported to the rest of the world . resto
the issue of fiji is important , not only in its own right , but because it will set a precedent as to whether semi-clandestine coups-in-waiting along similar lines will see the light of day and whether europe and the rest of the developed world is prepared to tackle the issue of indigenous rights - the third world 's variant of the racism that is threatening us all . mondo
the people in his party , the pds , are clearly determined not to learn anything new for the rest of their lives . resto
as part of the struggle to banish fear , these days in the basque country and in the rest of spain there is a popular , civic and peaceful backlash against the tyranny of murderous terrorism . resto
we must be able to make the people of our countries of origin realise that the fundamental principles on which our common coexistence rests are threatened whenever anyone , in any part of europe , is killed because of their beliefs . fonda
i myself , together with many other people throughout germany , condemn right-wing extremism and xenophobia , and we need the support of the rest of europe in our fight against it . lottiamo
for the rest , the candidates alone set the pace of the process . resto
i wish to warn all those who are ripping the union in two , into an inner circle and the rest . altri
they will unite in a common project , which is unmistakably a project of peace between europeans and between europe and the rest of the world . mondo
the union certainly cannot rest on these laurels . riposare
five bodies have been found and the rest have disappeared . altri
one has to discuss issues like this with the balance of advantage very much in mind as to whether or not it really is going to provide some discernible positive effect if one connects with people who pursue policies which most of the rest of the world regards as being appalling . paesi
these concepts and what they stand for are gaining ground in french society and i hope that this interest will be exported to the rest of europe . resto
furthermore , i have ascertained from a personal investigation in the relevant commission services that eight member states ( austria , belgium , denmark , finland , portugal , sweden , spain and the uk ) are applying community legislation , while the rest ( france , germany , greece , ireland , italy , the netherlands and luxembourg ) are infringing it one way or another . altri
he should be brought to trial on the grounds of torture , drug-trafficking and the rest by any state where he seeks refuge . cercasse
for the rest the bank must itself obtain other forms of security or cover the risk itself . restante
in our opinion we also support dialogue and cooperation with civil society , especially women ' s organisations in countries preparing to join the european family , because here too we must anticipate uniform development which follows in the footsteps and adopts the rationale of the rest of europe . resto
you can in any case rest assured , mr president , that it is the genuine desire of the presidency of the council to seek out a compromise that suits everyone . stare
you may rest assured , finally , that respect for human rights , and the promotion of human rights , are , in any case , a key component of the european union ' s cooperation with third countries . NULL
as for the rest , i should just like to add that france has indeed looked into a number of areas of reform with a view to answering the concerns behind the proposal to establish a tobin-type tax , even if questions of how it is actually going to work remain unanswered . NULL
going so far as to hold back on the decision on the operations in kosovo and serbia at a time of such pressing urgency while advancing mere formal issues is certainly not a good image for the community to be presenting to the rest of the world in political terms . accampando
it is an attempt to establish an entirely uniform legal order for these outermost regions , which are separated from the rest of community territory , from mainland europe , by thousands of kilometres , and which are divided into small island regions with very difficult conditions for raising capital and for transport , which prevent the general rules for competition in the regions from being applied . resto
what i wish to highlight here today , commissioner barnier , is that , for the outermost regions , while community law fully applies , it is essential that those rules be modulated and adapted in order to stimulate rather than impede their economic and social cohesion with the rest of the european citizens . altri
in some cases we find that the public perceives or imagines risks where these are simply rumours , and it is our duty and responsibility to communicate with the public in order to lay these rumours to rest and restore consumer confidence . immaginati
for the rest , the rapporteur calls on parliament to approve the supposed social policy the commission has proposed to the council , in other words , to approve a total vacuum , for there is not a single practical measure likely to improve the situation of the workers . resto
the real power rests with the chief executive , tung chee-hwa and his government which , in effect , is appointed by beijing . hwa
not only has it had to endure the transfer of sovereignty , no sooner did the flags change than hong kong - like the rest of asia - was hit by the financial crisis . resto
the dreadful storms and floods which have ravaged europe and the rest of the world in recent months should be a wake-up call for us all . scuoterci
i also trust that the council will adopt it soon and that we will continue the consultation procedure on the rest of the package quickly and in a serious manner . resto
this initiative , which so far is operational in luxembourg , france and germany , needs to be extended to the rest of the eu . tutta
as regards the rest , mr president , the report deals with other issues that are not on the same level . questioni
by coincidence , this very afternoon i am off to italy , a country that i love so much , to lecture about the benefits of the mediterranean diet , which has been exported so successfully to the rest of the world , and therefore it saddens me all the more to make this speech criticising its government and its rules in this area . resto
some members are trying to set their minds at rest thinking that a vote in favour does not commit us to anything , given that the charter is going to remain nothing more than a formal declaration . tranquillizzano
the rest , for the most part , ups the ante when it comes to citizens ' political rights , economic and social rights and , last but not least , the issues of tomorrow - environmental , health and consumer protection . NULL
once the ankara government has understood that the status quo is not acceptable to europe or to the rest of the world , then considerable progress may be made : the island may be reunified , and a fair and lasting global settlement may be achieved tomorrow in compliance with international law . resto
you may rest assured that we fully intend to continue in this way . prego
let us not forget that barcelona , like the rest of the european union ' s external relations , forms an integral part of the acquis communautaire and that therefore the candidate countries should make preparations for seeing the mediterranean countries as privileged partners , since they are the privileged partners of this europe of ours . tutti
generally speaking , this is a bilateral issue , but , rest assured , it is one we indeed intend to resolve . state
rest assured that the council will remain particularly vigilant as to the implementation of these measures that are in line with the copenhagen criteria , as discussed at length earlier on . NULL
the voluntary nature of the system means that the task of controlling production will be borne by only a few while the rest nullify this effect by producing without limit until the next crisis arrives . rimanenti
it rests with the budgetary authorities , which have successfully triggered the reform that addresses public financial management concerns , to continue and reinforce their efforts to ensure that this reform succeeds . spetta
increasingly , as world trade develops , we are faced with this problem and we have to tackle it and not back away on the grounds that somehow the rest of the world does not matter , whether it is the safety of its health , its foodstuffs or the product which we export to it . resto
you can submit the rest in writing , to mr barón crespo as well . resto
as far as the rest is concerned , for once , i agree wholeheartedly with what the honourable lady members , mrs ainardi , mrs auroi and mrs grossetête , said . resto
until such time as the french government can guarantee the absolute safety of their beef the commission should ban all exports from france to the rest of the community , especially from beef animals that are over 30 months of age . resto
rest assured that , when it comes to continuing the work in the council and my exchanges with the commission , i will bear all this in mind , in the full knowledge that reaching agreement within the institutions is one of the best ways of dealing with a problem as complex and universal as that of food safety . NULL
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , rest assured that , in the twofold undertaking which has fallen to us ( in which , i will see to it , the council will play its part to the full ) , i am determined to restore consumer confidence and to strengthen the credibility of the european institutions . state
rest assured , mr president , that it is in this spirit that the european parliament , co-decider of the community budget , will lend you its full support so that european aid for the reconstruction of your country is truly in line with its needs . in
one thing is for sure , now that unanimity is no longer required in the council , the only possibility of redressing the balance rests with parliament . mani
the plight of the rest of the members of the national league for democracy is hardly any better . altri
for the rest , this opens the door wide to private insurers , on condition only that they do not ( from the outset ) select the patient and the insurance premiums by type of disease . NULL
my understanding is that costs in the uk , taking into account the new proposals , without this particular charge are on a par with the rest of the european union and on a similar level to french transport costs . resto
we buy gbp 11,000 million worth of goods from britain annually as against only gbp 7,000 million from the rest of the european union . resto
for the rest , many israelis agree and opinions polls show that over and above any voting intentions , an absolute majority of them accept the idea of a global peace agreement with the palestinians , including the dismantling of the settlements . NULL
amendment no 18 introduces port state control in relation to the seafarers ' rest period , however the enforcement of the provisions in respect of seafarers ' hours of work is already fully covered by existing directive 99 / 95 . naviganti
the responsibility for putting these measures in place rests therefore with the member states . spetta
these two institutions contribute very significantly to the eu ' s continuing to concentrate its efforts on the common objectives and cross-border tasks , while the rest is left to the member states . resto
from this standpoint , the large states are blocked by the rest and cannot drag parliament into supporting their views , using it against us in the future architecture of the institutions . rimanenti
the rest is packed with remarks about rape , the sexual misdemeanours of european soldiers on peacekeeping missions - the serb troops are not mentioned - the positioning and lighting of latrines in refugee camps , demands relating to asylum and immigration policy , abortion , adoption , statistical analyses differentiated by sex , the creation of ministries for women 's affairs in the member states and much more besides . resto
for the rest , when it comes to law-making , the future council of ministers must be an open , parliamentary organisation in which transparency and scrutiny have their place , because we cannot carry on as we are . NULL
however , the national governments ' claim to be the constitutional legislator of europe has finally been laid to rest , as has the hope that the heads of state and government think of themselves as the trustees of the idea of european unification . affogata
for the rest the treaty is a mixture of unsatisfactory and positive things - unsatisfactory but nonetheless better than the status quo , i suppose , at least as regards the extension of qualified majority voting , the extension of the codecision procedure for the european parliament , and the provisions for enhanced cooperation . resto
in my view , the common position before us , which we have to decide on today , has a number of crucial weaknesses , which for the rest nobody has disputed so far during the debate in terms of principle . resto
it is impossible to remain silent about this state crime , especially when it is committed by the most powerful nation on earth which too often attempts to impose its own order and values on the rest of the planet . resto
finally , such measures would ruin the competitiveness of the european industry vis-à-vis the rest of the world and would also cause massive job losses . resto
the rest is history . resto
in this way , we are distancing ourselves from the united states and large sections of the rest of the world . resto
on the other hand , we are much less enthusiastic about the rest of the institutional negotiations . resto
given these circumstances , the absence of " great european voices " did the rest and that is why i think that the nice agreement is a lesser evil and certainly the " least bad " outcome that could have been achieved in this context . mali
my group , like this parliament , is particularly sensitive about the human rights situation in tunisia and in the rest of the world . resto
in its common position , established by qualified majority , the council displayed a discerning and keen insight into the specific characteristics of the banking sector which set it apart from the rest , both in terms of the insolvency procedure in general and compared to other financial sectors , such as the insurance business and the stocks and shares industry . insolvenza
also , there are very few sites , i.e. places that have been deemed part of world cultural heritage , in comparison with the number found in the rest of the world , and it is a real drop in the ocean , because there are many more sites that would merit this kind of status and support . censiti
this awareness demonstrates that the concept of cultural diversity and respect for what is foreign is an accepted idea right at the nub of the problem and will help europe play a fundamental role in relation to the rest of the world in the era of globalisation . resto
in other words , the rest of it must be subsidised for use in animal feed and other things . resto
the guarantee system serves to ensure that not everyone who is willing to become an entrepreneur automatically jeopardises his livelihood in the process and faces the risk of financial ruin , at the very least , for the rest of his life . resto
as the rapporteur highlighted , there is an imbalance between european countries and the rest of the world with regard to recognised natural and cultural sites , and therefore third countries must be supported and encouraged , in a wide-ranging approach , to add to the list of natural and cultural heritage , so that they can be afforded protection . resto
in theory , our starting point is the competitiveness of european industry , and it is competitive if it can obtain the raw materials which it processes on the same terms as the rest of the world . vigenti
the commission fully agrees with the honourable member that ngos as important actors in civil society are one of the pillars on which ec cooperation rests . fonda
mr president , it is always comforting to see the same few faces at every fishing debate and i would like to reassure the commissioner and colleagues and friends that we may be small in numbers but we all have an active interest in fishing and no matter how late the debate is , rest assured we will be there . rassicurare
this will be a big opportunity for bangladesh and the other least-developed countries to present themselves not as patients on a sick bed in hospital , with the rest of the world looking at them like curious doctors , but as partners in the global society , representing cultures and potentials which are important in keeping alive the diversity of globalisation . vesti
for the rest , the motion for a resolution extends - with a few brief references - to very serious matters , such as the analysis of and the need for research into depleted uranium , but makes no mention whatsoever of the constant efforts being made to confuse and conceal the facts , independent research which we all know about and even official texts issued by nato countries on the danger of depleted uranium and the protective measures which they themselves impose on their forces . resto
we think that it is important to influence belarus , which is of course closer to the rest of europe perhaps than many people think if they have not looked properly at the map . resto
the statement last night was that this was a victory of good over evil and that saddam hussein was good and the rest of the world was evil . resto
that means we must also regulate the flight and rest times of the cockpit crew as of the cabin crew . riposo
mr president , i will end by pointing out the need to assist the commission in its work in this very complicated field and the priority which must be given to creating the european air safety agency , as well as the need for independent regulations , which we are currently considering , on issues relating to rest periods for aircrew . riposo
in accordance with jaa regulations , which lay down the requirements , the commission ' s proposal does not contain any provisions on flight and duty times or on rest periods . riposo
of course , the commission hopes that the negotiators representing the operators and the crews will be successful , and mr simpson has urged them to reach a voluntary agreement on safety systems relating to flight and duty times and rest periods . riposo
with regard to amendment no 1 , the commission shares parliament ' s desire to regulate the safety of flight and duty times and rest periods , but prefers that compliance with this objective not only be pursued by means of the specific proposal that we are debating today . riposo
mr president , commissioner , i too would like to start by thanking the rapporteur both for the enormous amount of work he has done and also , in particular , for his willingness to accept the suggestions , amendments and proposals of all the rest of the committee , to the point that i feel this report can be said to be a highly collegial report produced by the committee as a whole . tutta
i would like to highlight two of these factors , the ones which lead me to support the rest of his proposals . altre
the political parties and the popular movements in turkey must be allowed to operate as freely as parties and movements in the rest of europe . resto
sign the rome treaty on the icc and thereby signal our commitment and our challenge to the rest of the world . resto
i was a member of the delegation , as she rightly said , and like the rest of the delegation , i too was highly embarrassed in front of the parents of the political prisoners because , although they did indeed beg us to help their children , we were unable to respond . facevo
in other words , we have put forward proposals which will give all the countries of the mediterranean the same dignity and the same opportunity for development in a new multi-faceted relationship with an increasingly large and more complex europe , a relationship that will have to fight for its international credibility in the tough competition with the whole of the rest of the industrialised world . altri
yet , the way that political europe currently operates automatically rules out the geo-political approach since , as there is no definition of what constitutes europe ' s common interest - by which i mean a european res publica - it still favours , after all the usual free-for-alls , the law of the jungle , allowing the strongest at any given time to make the rest of the 15 support its strategic choices , even if it has to shove them down their throats . altri
it is the parties directly involved which have to reach an agreement , and the rest of us can only try to put in place the economic , social and political conditions for that agreement to be reached . noialtri
indeed , there is no shortage of documentation from the most varied sources attesting to the tragedy affecting columbia and the real risks of the conflict worsening , with serious danger , moreover , of it spreading to the rest of the region . resto
we need also to look at imports of cattle from outside the european union , because not only do we need to get our act together , i believe there is a lot of complacency about this in the rest of the world . resto
missed off at the beginning of the amendment were the words " whereas plan colombia is not the process of dialogue amongst the various social partners and ... " and then the rest remains . resto
for the rest , it is also important that classification societies receive reports about damage to bulk carriers , seeing that these bureaux often have to form their opinion about the condition of a ship . NULL
we do not want a dispute over powers , we need administrative clarity ; we do not need a dozen working parties or committees , what we need is a clear and dynamic structure , and i believe that will set europe on the right path and make us a model for the rest of the world . mondo
my second point is this : can we rest on our laurels now ? riposare
the rapporteur has made it clear that a modernisation policy need not conflict with the continued existence of state-owned or of justifiable exemption positions for areas which are separated from the rest of europe by the sea . resto
however interesting a number of aspects of the technology may be , in the short term it primarily means a system separated from the rest of the network . resto
because russia has the same rail gauge as us , one that differs from that in the rest of the eu countries , there are also a lot of russian carriages and wagons that run in finland that are built in accordance with the gost standards . altri
why should the final responsibility continue to rest with the member states ? ambiti
for the rest , we need to consider , now that nearly all the heads of government have said that the decision-making structures decided at nice are poor structures , what we can do to put things right , perhaps even before the post-nice process starts - for example in connection with enlargement agreements , which always clarified this in the past . NULL
for the rest , we must consider the role of the national parliaments in the european process . inoltre
the council also took note of a number of sensitive areas , such as , for instance , the protection of the existing railway system , the need to adopt a system of exemptions or specific cases , such as the situation of some countries that are isolated from the rest of the community , or the difference in track gauges . resto
mr president , commissioner , now that the greens are finally in clover , does it not make sense to choose the much easier path through the whole complicated premium structure by going for a climate-related grassland premium and forgetting the rest ? resto
this in turn is audited by the personnel of the food and veterinary office who have already visited a number of the member states to this end since december 2000 , and intend to visit the rest early in 2001 . altri
mr president , commissioner , i would also like to join in congratulating the rapporteur , who i think has done an excellent job , and the rest of the members of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , who have also worked hard . altri
i understand why mr bullmann says that growth is actually taking place but that we must not rest on our laurels . riposare
however , i believe that we can rest safe in the knowledge that all the measures we might need to take within the framework of the common security and defence policy will follow the principles of the un charter , and not of course forgetting those of the osce . NULL
rest assured : as you move forward along the route you have presented so enthusiastically , you will find us marching shoulder to shoulder with you . assicuro
the stability of yugoslavia , albania , macedonia and the rest of the region may depend on our consistency and firmness . it could hinge on our stifling the extremist and expansionist action of certain elements of the albanian kosovar population . resto
yet , i doubt that this introduction will be enough to make parliament realise that there is a crisis in china , that this typical communist regime is , most tragically , turning into a national communist regime and that this presents a risk now , and in the future , to security in asia and the rest of the world . resto
it always used to be the case in europe that sunday and not friday was a day of rest . santificata
this sort of transparency results in benchmark comparisons , i.e. you can compare who is best in europe and how we compare with the rest of the world . mondo
for the acp countries we have the money promised for the ninth european development fund and for the rest of the world we also have , as part of the financial perspective , clarity and certainty as to the budget level for development cooperation . altri
for the rest of the geography we are going to move from country to country applying the same rules . restanti
madam president , i would like you and the rest of the house to be aware that the committee on fisheries approved a report on this issue last week which , i hope , will be presented to parliament during the next part-session . sapeste
i will , of course , relay the points made , firstly to commissioner reding and then to the rest of the commission . tutta
that aspect , therefore , will enter into effect at the same time as the rest of the scheme . resto
now i know it is partly at the commissioner 's responsibility , but will he , in pushing forward the ratification of the community part of the 1996 convention , also make it clear to member states that it makes sense for them to ratify the rest of that convention at the same time so that there is no disparity between the convention and the way it is applied in different member states within the community . resto
once we clarify that , it will pave the way for member states to ratify the rest of the convention with the full support of the commission because the commission is committed to solving its own problem without delay . resto
rest assured , then , that as a luxembourger , i shall fight for linguistic diversity in europe , for all languages to be respected and for progress to be made in the teaching of all languages . potete
rest assured that we certainly do take an interest in how the projects and their costs are progressing . siamo
we must not rest on our laurels , because this healthy economic situation nevertheless masks certain deficiencies , certain problems caused by external factors , a certain lack of ambition in considering budgets and , above all , there are certain risks caused , in particular , by the development of economies such as the us economy . NULL
the eu ' s common strategy with regard to ukraine is the practical expression of a clear , political stance , namely that ukraine forms an integral part of our continent , that welfare and stability in ukraine have a substantial impact on welfare and stability in the rest of europe , and that , for that reason , the european union is willing to assume part of the responsibility for the democratic , economic and social development in that country . resto
thirdly , computers installed in rest homes and linked to the internet make it possible for sick and elderly people who cannot move to talk with their families , their children and their friends , and go on living in the world , so to speak , even if they are unfortunately guests of a rest home . e
we have to set aside time to examine all the effects of unborn - and possibly unheard-of in nature - species and varieties on people and the rest of nature . identificare
europe is lagging behind the rest of the world and threatens to miss opportunities . arretratezza
but what is most surprising , is the fact that the rest of africa , especially south africa , is looking on in silence . resto
if not , this problem might well contaminate the rest of africa , which could have disastrous consequences . resto
give us this legal basis and we will do the rest . resto
only yesterday , the chairman of my parliamentary group extolled the qualities and the sincerity of mr imbeni , and the way in which he has defended human rights , in europe and in the rest of the world . altra
the colom i naval report seems to have caused a lot of problems recently but hopefully we will have a solution in the very near future and those in the member states who have been ringing around and those in the commission who have been - dare i say - panicking can put their minds at rest . pace
not only is it not banned in the rest of europe , but we are not even told it is present in the products we buy . resto
it was the year of three types of commission : two months of the old commission that had a number of problems that we all know about ; six months of no commission whatsoever because they were not taking any management decisions ; and then the rest of the year was with the new commission who had no time to implement any of the reforms . resto
it is quite all right that three groups should be voting against this report , in which case the rest of us will take responsibility . oppongano
i also want to point out that we must make ensure that the people working so hard at cedefop can rest assured that there is no risk of their being moved from thessaloniki somewhere else , just as they were recently moved from berlin to thessaloniki . damocle
these points are designed to provide facilities for the resting , watering and feeding of live animals in transport ; however , they are also an opportunity for animals to be cross-contaminated by other animals . riposo
we must consider whether we cannot set up certain quarantine zones throughout europe , so that animals can no longer contaminate each other at the so-called resting points which are being used at the moment . sosta
in fact , in many scenarios they are treated as inferior beings to the rest of society . resto
i myself think that it is fairly clear after the debate today that responsibility for overall policy in this field should rest with the commission . spetti
the fact that these rights are set out in the charter does not change the legal value they have irrespective of the existence of the charter , since the basis of their observance in union law rests on article 6 ( 2 ) of the treaty on european union . basa
we must avoid any regulatory imposition on airlines which , while quite rightly protecting passengers ' interests , actually achieves exactly the opposite by imposing rules which render european companies less competitive than the rest of the industry . altre
we have mainly included ports and inland ports as nodes in the trans-european networks , i.e. they act as nodal points for the rest of the trans-european connections . altri
for international sea ports : 1.5 million tonnes of freight or 2 million passengers a year , provided that they have intermodal terminals with the rest of the network , resto
in addition annex no 3 is modified and the name is changed from lisbon-valladolid motorway , which was a totally reductionist definition with a single transport mode , to become the portugal / spain multimodal link with the rest of europe . resto
i believe this formula is much better suited to the need for the iberian peninsula to be integrated with the rest of the continent of europe . resto
mr president , commissioner , when we in the committee on development and cooperation heard the person in charge of undp speak last year , what i heard him say was : we are extremely competent , give us the money and we will do the rest . sintetizzai
the major groups have gone through this process without the rest of us being involved at all in these negotiations . altri
for the rest , greece wholeheartedly supports its neighbouring state . canto
but we must also tell the ukraine and ourselves that we cannot rest easily just by giving money ; we must put conditions in place there so that money in a functioning economic system can fulfil the same purpose as it does in a democracy , which is why we expect - as the resolution makes clear - all manner of changes and adjustments to the energy system in the ukraine . tranquillizzarci
yes , i agree with an awful lot has been done and we need what is proposed before us here today , but i would rather we use the oie or wto standard , so that all countries could agree on the classification , so that what we do in europe would not be considered a trade barrier by the rest of the world with whom we must trade our meat products and live animals . resto
yes , the rest of the family are delighted - a quick " hi mum " , - a head goes up and you might get a hug and then back to the tv or whatever they were doing - but 20 minutes later the dogs are still running round in high excitement . ciao
we therefore welcome paragraph 6 but we have reservations about the rest of the report , in particular paragraph 4 , because we cannot agree that the ' golden rule ' is a good example for europe to follow . resto
it was a more restful dream than the previous one . tranquillo
we should not forget that prime responsibility for education rests with students and scholars themselves . spetta
so there is a great deal of work ahead of us , but that is equally true of the rest of the issues raised in this instructive debate . resto
the commission recommendation for 2001 was drafted when the rest of the world was going through a particularly difficult patch . resto
mr president , the european union is making legislation that clearly shows the rest of the world that the conflict between concern for the environment and economic matters is not unavoidable but can be settled through considered legislation . resto
that is an unobjectionable aim in principle , but it is surely no mere oversight that makes the author omit the rest of this sentence as formulated at the lisbon summit , for it went on to speak of an economic area with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion . sorvola
at the moment - i do not know if this is the case in the rest of europe , but in my country it is - services such as tourism , courses in academies or telecommunications are the subjects of much debate , because in many of them there is flagrant abuse going on . resto
secondly , will you join with the european parliament , which has called repeatedly for a political commitment , to be funded from the european union budget , on an in-depth policy to protect the rights of children in both the european union and the rest of the world ? resto
this clearly highlights one very evident fact , that the greek situation is worse than that of the rest of the countries of the european union . altri
the existence of a small quota for portugal could reduce its fishing deficit by 12 000 tonnes , which would help to keep afloat the rest of its deep-sea fleet . altura
finally , i should like to keep up this sense of urgency in our work without resting on our laurels . cullarci
in any case it is becoming more and more difficult for small transportation companies as the competitive struggle is tough and sometimes it is at the cost of safety , and at the cost of driving and rest times , but also at the cost of proper employment relationships . riposo
driving and rest periods are one thing , and these must be adhered to , there is no question about that ; the social conditions of the drivers are the other aspect of this . riposo
the attempt to use two drivers from central or eastern europe to comply with the driving and rest periods , while at the same time gaining competitive advantages by means of wage dumping , must be stopped , because if two drivers together earn less than a driver who is employed on the usual terms , then that is simply out of order . riposo
i think this house has made a very constructive suggestion in this respect , and i should like to thank the rapporteur mr van dam and the rest of the committee for this . altri
for the rest , i would point out that we were notified internally earlier that the debate on this subject would not start until 4.45 , which is why we were surprised that things got off to such a fast start . NULL
clearly , this has proved possible because instead of each group seeking to impose every last detail of its own plan on this issue , we have sought consensus on its most important aspects . we are all aware that the ultimate responsibility rests with our states . rilevanti
for the rest , i really do welcome the fact that the second and third pillars are dealt with as well as the first . resto
rest assured that no effort is being spared in dealing with the matter . sappia
we support the commission ' s proposal and hope that the whole sector can be reformed , together with the rest of agricultural policy , during the danish presidency in 2 years ' time . resto
it was in this context , then , that i supported the resolution that our confederal group of the european united left - nordic green left subscribed to on the state of the transatlantic dialogue and i voted against the rest . resto
as mrs hulthén said , we can never assume that one part of the earth can live sustainably while the rest of the earth suffers poverty and environmental destruction . resto
it is a question partly of solidarity , that is , solidarity with coming generations and eu solidarity with poor regions and poor people , and partly of a global responsibility , of how the eu interacts with the rest of the world with regard to trade and development policy . resto
as such , it is important for us to set our own house in order , show how we will be addressing these issues and show leadership before we start telling the rest of the world what they should be doing . resto
like the rest of the house , i should like to congratulate the rapporteur on her report . resto
the definitions of the animals ' fitness for transport , but also vehicle standards , densities , travelling times and rest periods , etc. must all be brought into line with current scientific knowledge to a far greater extent . riposo
with the imports from uruguay , the market argument not to vaccinate against foot-and-mouth has been laid to rest for ever . sotterrata
therefore , the success of globalisation requires these isolated areas to be linked to the rest of the world as well as a real investment in the education and health of their inhabitants . resto
however , in creating the authority two precautions must be taken : first , bureaucratisation and centralising tendencies must be avoided ; secondly , europe has already been accused of wanting to wipe out typical and traditional products by applying rules on hygiene and health , processing and conservation , right up to the moment of consumption , which are unsuitable , rigid and excessive , valid for the sterile , standardised products of big business but not appropriate for quality products linked to a locality , like those of my own aosta valley and the rest of the alps resto
i would like to stress a different word in the title and that is the word " authority " , because it is vital that this is a body to which the rest of the eu can look up . resto
the rest of amendment no 134 , which deals with eea / efta countries is acceptable in principle , but should come under article 48 on the participation of third countries . resto
the rest of amendment no 98 is covered by amendment no 92 . coperto
we know the rest . seguito
that is very much the pattern for the rest of europe . resto
for the rest , however , i have no trouble at all in joining in this debate because in this very area which we are now called on to discuss , that is asem , we also have to ensure that we have increased parliamentary participation . riallacciarmi
mr podestà can rest assured that developments in the region are monitored carefully also with regard to human rights and respect for and protection of minorities . star
does it entirely rest with the swedish government , or does the us staff have any kind of autonomous authority as regards the security of president bush and his entourage ? finali
despite the continuing efforts of the eu and the rest of the international community , the terrible reality in afghanistan unfortunately shows that the taliban regime has remained impervious to argument and pressure from abroad . resto
for the rest , i would advise the governments in the member states to take a good look at this report , because it contains a whole series of tips on how to manage this crisis . invito
we have a mountain to climb , but i am confident that the people in ireland and the rest of europe will rise to the challenge when they are given the chance . resto
when a lorry fills your rear-view mirror , are you going to wonder whether that driver is employed and rested , or self-employed and potentially tired and dangerous ? riposato
often , the combination of these two causes leads self-employed workers to neglect their health , not to take sufficient rest periods for their safety and , consequently , to create the conditions for potential harm to their or others ' safety . riposo
and the second paragraph of this article says , ' every worker has the right to limitation of maximum working hours , to daily and weekly rest periods and to an annual period of paid leave ' . riposo
from the point of view of small and medium-sized enterprises , and especially self-employed drivers , this directive , with its limit values on average , accurately-defined maximum working times , minimum breaks and rest periods and its provisions on night work , is an example of politics exerting an inadmissible and unnecessary influence on working times for which these drivers alone are responsible . riposo
however , it should be pointed out that despite this modification mobile workers are only covered in a series of areas , in particular the average weekly 48 working hours , annual holidays , health controls of nocturnal workers and the guarantee of sufficient rest time . riposo
not just their health , but their rest times and suitable working conditions . riposo
what is neither fair nor contributes to european integration is trying to rigidly impose the standards , customs or traditions of one country on the rest , or trying to level standards upwards , because this makes us think , on the contrary , of obstacles to trade . altri
we already have regulation 3820 / 85 on driving and resting times which also regulates suitable driving and resting times for small haulage businesses . riposo
we also condemn the fact that rest periods are excluded from working time , which means that the driver is not able to use this time as he wishes . pause
consequently , it cannot be the task of the eu or the european parliament to establish rules on the gradient of steps , how they are placed in relation to buildings or the fact that they must not rest on a slippery surface . poggiare
for the rest , as i said , this first step is a trial and once it has been applied for three years - no even sooner , because we want a sort of midterm review ; in theory we can check whether or not things are working out once it has been up and running for a year . resto
on thursday 28 june , the german provincial high court and court of appeal upheld the appeal brought by a private german rest home for elderly people who are not self-sufficient , which is a member of an association of private european rest homes known as echo , ruling that the german law which grants funding and aid to public rest homes but not to private rest homes for elderly people with disabilities is illegal . riposo
the president-in-office of the council ' s visit to north korea - which was initially something of a surprise - has also given us greater acknowledgement and greater influence with our american partners and the rest of the world . resto
this will send a very clear message , not only to the united states , but also to the rest of the world , about our commitment to this goal and our determination to combat climate change . resto
without this adaptation , we will be voting against the report , despite the fact that we give our wholehearted support to the rest of the report . resto
there may be some problems with public awareness within the euro zone , but we have a much bigger problem within scotland and the rest of the uk . resto
am i right in assuming that command of a police force which is sent by us actually rests in the final analysis with the council and not with the commission , even though policing is demonstrably a peacekeeping and not a military operation ? inviata
that would be a great help in setting our minds at rest . rassicurante
conditions for rapid adoption by parliament will be that the decision on a hostile bid should rest not with the shareholders but with the board of management , that the board of management should decide in the light of all interests , i.e. also those of the employees , that the new proposal creates a true " level playing field " in europe , which means , for example , that government intervention , in the form of " golden shares " or anything else , to combat takeovers , should be banned , and that companies in the eu ostile
if it suits the purchasers and the old shareholders , they are closed because their profit margin lags behind the rest of the group , because their brand name can be stuck on other products or their production can be transferred to a country with low wages and inadequate environmental regulation . restanti
do not worry about calculating how old we will be in 2030 ; just listen to the rest of this explanation of vote . ascolti
for the rest , it is clear that everything has been organised in such a way that the discussion forums only produce conclusions acceptable to the federalists . resto
for the rest , the gothenburg summit confirmed the direction taken in lisbon and stockholm , which requires that the state of the economy be tackled with harsher , even more anti-grass roots measures which hit the workers , starting with the pension system and the national insurance systems in general . altronde
as a result , it is not possible either to follow the american model and pass on a portion of the annual government deficit to the rest of the world , which continues to compete for possession of an exchange currency that is falling in value . resto
europe ' s cultural , historical and social heritage , the four generations of human rights which , since the french revolution , have been building up within european history , and also the success we have had with european integration are a guarantee of the unique privileged role which the european union can play in the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , i should like to assure parliament that during the next six months , the fight against the trafficking in human beings in general , and the fight against the trafficking in women and children , in particular , will be one of our key priorities . inoltre
the rest is very much my personal point of view as a member of the belgian government . resto
the basic agreement in the council has reduced the donation to 75 million , leaving the rest for loans . resto
the rest is forfeited and goes back to the member states . inutilizzata
like many people i can just imagine what it would be like to have a child ripped from your hands at the age of 20 days and never to see them again , be yourself in prison for five years under torture and cruel treatment , and then spend the rest of your life at liberty trying to find your lost child . resto
the council and commission statement on the genoa conclusions would be postponed until the afternoon to be dealt with between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. the rest of the agenda remains unchanged . resto
the result is no co-decision making ; the result is unanimity in the council , with decision-making resting solely with the government . presa
i would like to remind the members of the council , as mrs weiler has said , that what is happening in europe and in the rest of the world is that the people are extremely concerned , given the social advances they had achieved in each individual country , that the process of globalisation , the process of european union construction - and next the enlargement of that union - should not under any circumstances lead to a reversal of those social advances . tutto
there is no grass-roots understanding of why eu employees do not have to meet the demands for fresh thinking , flexibility and adaptation that apply in the rest of society . resto
mr president , i have asked for the floor for personal reasons to speak just on the language issue , for the rest is a political matter . resto
the rest is clearly a different matter and i respect what the commissioner has said . resto
it seems that the commission , the council and the rest of us should take greater steps to face up to the disorganisation of society that will inevitably result and is already resulting from economic reforms forcibly imposed in the candidate countries . tutti
this means that the eu and the eu ' s member states have a lot to gain from contributing to investment in better road and rail networks in the candidate countries and from ensuring that these are linked together with the networks in the rest of europe . resto
for the rest , i share the view of many of my fellow members who said that this is a process . peraltro
sparks obviously fly when these agencies are created because decision-making powers are transferred to external institutions even if , mr schmitt , the final decision does not , of course , always rest with these agencies . demanderanno
austria versus the rest of the world ? that cannot and should not be . essere
i hope we can put to rest some of the assertions and allegations that are still flying around about what is going on in the uk as well . NULL
there needs to be an enquiry into the united kingdom ' s behaviour in order to understand fully not just the government ' s responsibilities but also what european sentiments link the united kingdom to the rest of the european union and even whether these sentiments and political will actually exist . resto
for the rest , i proposed that we set up a monitoring committee right here to work in liaison with italian members of parliament , the social forum in genoa and other partners who wish to help discover the whole truth of the matter . NULL
for the rest , mr president , i am also convinced that the debate on globalisation has only just got off the ground and that we will be discussing it for the foreseeable future . resto
the rest offers quite a good level of protection . resto
one particular aspect , which colours all the rest , is intellectual property , which is in huge danger and could end up disadvantaging authors and artists . minacciata
we will have the final say on what happens and rest assured it will not be a trade-off as to whether we keep that in or take it out to create the same amount of money in category 2 . optando
although we are out of time , we are going to ask two questions to the president , so that you are aware : questions nos 20 and 21 ; the rest will be replied to in writing . altre
this will enable us to try and minimise the procedural delay which the data protection directive has incurred , as compared with the rest of the package . resto
i want to stress that we also have a responsibility for how the rest of the world might imitate our practices . resto
i hope this practice will rub off on the rest of the eu system , for that is the way it should be . resto
for the rest , they should comply with what is required of them under their statutes . resto
i call on the member states of the european union who want to take a more active line to step up their collaboration , even before the treaty of nice takes effect , and to remind france and the rest that they are surely backing the wrong horse in taking this de facto passive line . altri
i therefore feel that the european parliament too must express its repudiation of such acts in the most forceful terms , as the rest of the international community and , in particular , the other community institutions have done by unequivocally condemning such barbarity . associandosi
both the people who live in the mountains and the tourists who visit every year looking for rest and relaxation value this unique natural and cultural landscape , which is why we must create appropriate incentives for people to live and work there . riposo
we want to fight shoulder to shoulder with the americans , with our colleagues in the united states congress , and also with the rest of our allies , in a joint action to resolve the most ferocious conflicts on the planet with perseverance and decisiveness . altri
we must bridge the gap between the west and the rest of the world , instead of fighting each other . resto
if we - who claim to represent all the people of europe - had to consider one subject , then it should be our failure to take responsibility and that we are responsible for leaving the united states alone to face the rest of the entire world , when our nations have over 1 000 years of diplomatic , historic and military experience ... resto
as far as possible , our electors should be allowed to get on with their lives , but we as politicians cannot rest while terrorism lives .  
you cannot say that there is a regional policy for all , a cohesion fund for four countries and all the rest can fit in somewhere else ! sistemano
it is not possible , on behalf of any tradition , to accept that women should be seriously and irreversibly mutilated for the rest of their lives . resto
for the rest , i share the view of fellow meps . resto
one is that we are erecting a ' fortress europe ' where foreigners are no longer welcome and where we do not take the slightest notice of the rest of the world . resto
in some places they have many more rights - in my home , for instance , women have more rights than men - but in the rest of the world , unfortunately , as in this case , women really have to face torture . resto
it is a question of giving expression to the common basis of values that european cooperation must ultimately rest upon . reggersi
things are different in the north-eastern part controlled by the northern alliance and in the rest of the country . resto
the new projects would be : first , a rail crossing for the pyrenees which would overcome the natural obstacle which separates the iberian peninsula from the rest of the continent . resto
fifth , the road connection between germany and denmark via fehmarn according to the oresund model , which will improve interconnection between the nordic countries and the rest of the continent . resto
sixth , the high speed rail interoperability of the iberian network , by adapting it to the track gauge of the rest of the european continent , which will ease sky and land congestion . resto
secondly , what i have just said will clearly serve to integrate the iberian peninsula more with the rest of the european union , just as the rhine-rhone project or the paris-stuttgart-linz-vienna , and , later , budapest , rail project will serve to integrate the east with the rest of the current european union . resto
the commission believes that , between now and 2010 , we must provide a pass for a further 100 million tonnes between the iberian peninsula and the rest of the european continent . resto
in the longer term , the absolute priority is to maintain control of the flow of land transport in the alpine region , without hindering freedom of movement and economic development and , specifically , access from the italian peninsula to the rest of europe will be based on the elements which i mentioned a moment ago , that is , by providing the alps with major rail crossings which will carry a large proportion of the rail transport burden . resto
we must guarantee the interconnection between italy and the rest of the european continent ; which clearly means a better distribution of traffic between the alpine crossings and between the various modes of transport . resto
at this moment , thanks to the agreement with switzerland , there are other types of possible access for north-south traffic and for traffic between italy and the rest of the continent . resto
the burden of those negotiations really did rest mainly on the european union following the departure of the united states and israel . spalle
however , we must not rest on our laurels . abbassare
we were determined to do something about racism , to show that with article 13 we in the european union had something to say to the rest of the world about how we were approaching our own problems . resto
against this background , it was all the more surprising that , despite the obstinacy of louis michel , for that is how we have all come to know him in belgium , and now also in the rest of the world , a sound final declaration was obtained after all . testardaggine
i hope that it will be by a large majority that parliament will adopt my report tomorrow and thus support the position that europe urgently needs a satellite navigation system of its own , not least in view of the special situation in which europe and the rest of the world find themselves since 11 september . mondo
however , the matter cannot rest here . dirsi
trade is increasing links and understanding between the people of europe and the rest of the world . mondo
people ' s night rest is increasingly being threatened by continuous noise . riposo
as from last year , the slowdown of economic activity in the united states and the rest of the world has been having a greater impact on the european union than was originally anticipated . resto
i am quite aware that the european countries - i refer to my own country , italy , in particular , but also to others such as germany - rested on their laurels during the economic boom , putting off reforms which were necessary in order to consolidate public finances and make businesses competitive and giving way to pressure from trade unions and employers ' associations demanding more state aid . cicale
in the context of the pact and the general awareness that it should be observed , it cannot be ignored that certain areas or even entire regions - southern italy , southern spain , southern and part of northern france , and eastern germany - are certainly behind the rest . altre
however , on behalf of the council , i would like to emphasise that the union , particularly within the framework of the strengthened dialogue with turkey , seizes every opportunity to stress the obligation resting on that country to observe all international agreements it has entered into ; particularly in the field of human rights , obviously including the decisions by the european court of human rights . spetta
we are talking firstly about the other partners of the eurogroup knowing the broad guidelines for those essential elements of a national economic policy which may eventually have an affect on the rest . altri
throughout the rest of the world , not only in the rich countries , population growth has slowed down somewhat over recent decades , but if you look more closely you will see both that the birth rate has fallen and that life expectancy has increased , and that means a population that is continuing to grow and which , in most situations , is ageing , as well as cases of overpopulation in certain regional and local areas . resto
a great responsibility also rests with the developing countries themselves , not only with the governments and the ngos , but especially with the religious leaders who can wield moral authority . ricade
the central government is doing its level best to block any form of communication between the dissidents and the rest of the world . resto
only with the help of the international community , specifically the european union , will timor be able to turn its independence into something marvellous and a fine example for the rest of the world .  
i think that this is what mrs ghilardotti set out to achieve in her arduous and efficient work : i think that she was seeking this point of equilibrium , and , yes , it is difficult - i would say practically impossible - for some delegations , such as the spanish , to vote for the content of amendment no 12 , and for the rest , we have to underline the work she has undertaken and congratulate her on her effort . resto
the fact that we are an island state without any linkage to the rest of europe means that we require this . resto
rest assured , this is something that i regret , as we had 16 female speakers to just one male speaker . NULL
bilateralism , if you want to call it that , or undeclared intensified cooperation , laid bare the weaknesses that still handicap the european union 's effectiveness vis-à-vis the rest of the world . bilateralismo
the commission and the council must refuse to be influenced by pressure from the rest of the world . clamore
incidentally , the report is most timely , because , with regard to all issues concerning foreign policy as a whole , in other words , the union ' s policy towards the rest of the world , security policy in all its aspects and defence policy , the european parliament is clearly in a state of change . resto
for the rest , china will take up a key position within the wto and this will also bring about considerable changes for the west . resto
for the rest , we are supporting the accession of china with considerable funds and i think we should do more here . canto
that is why the people cannot afford to rest on their laurels . fidarsi
if we add to this the fact that the greatest burden of the new requirements , as has been said , rests on the elimination of the facilities intended to improve the safety of ships , it begs the question of whether the commission ever thinks about the fisheries sector when it starts coming up with brilliant ideas at the last minute . ricade
by explaining and developing its approach , it has attempted to put the fears expressed by operators and others involved to rest . spiegando
for the rest , i back the commission proposal . resto
it has not been an open debate and i really do not know why the rest of us turn up if you are going to conduct business this way . altri
furthermore , there is huge scope for gaining business in the rest of the world for european suppliers of equipment and systems , if the industry can seize the opportunity . resto
bearing this in mind , i would like to use the european council in barcelona next spring as a launch pad for a european strategy on energy supply , and you can rest assured that , in drawing up this strategy , the ideas contained in this report will be taken into account . assicurarvi
this would mean the european parliament distancing itself , politically and scientifically , from the rest of the world , for nobody in the scientific community is demanding or promoting germline therapy , far from it , they are calling for it to be outlawed . discosta
i think mr salafranca , like the rest of us , has been given a clear and satisfactory answer . tutti
the rest comes later , once we get to other parts of amendments nos 332 and 333 . resto
insurance mediation by banks is no different from the rest of the mediation activity , and would not need regulation of its own . altre
approximately one hundred people are arriving every week and , furthermore , we are sending them to the rest of the community . altri
an attack in the united states is also an attack on the rest of the civilised world , and vice versa . resto
with the events of 11 september and the high murder rate inside the united states of america , i wonder just what it will take for america to cooperate with the rest of the world on this problem . resto
as for the rest of your comments , mr posselt , you are entirely within your rights to make them , but i hope that the conference of presidents considers the basis of your comments , for which there is some justification , i must admit . altre
i hope the rest of the european council is as courageous as the belgian presidency . resto
it is quite clear that if we accept this report we will fall behind the rest of the world in the development of very important treatments for cancer , diabetes , parkinson 's and alzheimer 's disease . coda
as for the rest , it is now a matter for national laws . resto
another point of concern is our keenness to impose our strict standards on the rest of the world . resto
that is something that we have added in at this stage because it seemed to us that it was all very well having some common provisions but unless we have a way of monitoring those and making sure that those evolve with the rest of the range of services involved , then things might just stand still . supervisionarle
all the rest of the commission ' s work we believe to be excellent . resto
as for the rest , the commission took a tough stance in the negotiations , and the efforts that it made during the final night and on the morning of 14 november enabled the european union to convince its partners that its positions were well-founded . NULL
for the rest , half way through the five-year period set by the amsterdam summit for creating a european area of freedom , security and justice , we are seriously behind schedule , for example in formulating a common immigration and asylum policy . altronde
please would iran help these soldiers be released if it is serious about developing peace with the rest of the world . resto
together with the rest of the proposed changes in the staff regulations , we will submit a proposal to this house and the council in spring of next year . presenteremo
for the rest , the council has approved the european parliament 's motion for the funds earmarked for the application of the regulation to be increased by eur 2.5 million . richiesta
nevertheless , mrs thyssen and all the other members who have spoken can rest assured that i am going to do my best in the intergovernmental conference , in the regular contacts i will have with the various members of the praesidium and the convention , to help to find the answers to the questions posed in the declaration . essere
what are its duties in relation to its inhabitants and the rest of the world in terms of solidarity , prosperity and security ? resto
mr president , from the list of speakers it would seem that the rest of you will now have to follow the ppe-de family ' s internal debate , but of course that is perfectly in order . sarete
indeed , we are reforming a society that already has its own shared values , values that distinguish europe from the rest of the world and on which the european union is founded . resto
indeed , i feel that it is precisely by exporting our experience of peacemaking and our commitment to promoting democracy that we will be able to take " more europe " to the rest of the world . esportando
mr president , amongst the priorities of the spanish presidency , i have heard no mention of a european policy that shows greater solidarity with the rest of the world . mondo
however , we completely agree with the rest of them . altri
i would like to conclude by saying that all this could form an integrated whole if , tomorrow , we were to gain a standard driver 's certificate , a directive on journey times and rest periods , a card to confirm these and then also this directive on driving licences and the training needed today . riposo
in fact the whole endeavour of our acp-eu cooperation , as well as the rest of our global development cooperation effort , is proof of the fact that we are trying to do something that could never have been done if development was left to the market as such . testimoniano
all of us who live in coastal regions know that biological rest periods , prohibited areas , dimensions of nets , tacs , etc. do not improve the situation and that the proposal made in the green paper does not go any way towards improving it . periodi
in reality , the strategy of integrating the environmental policy into the rest of the union ' s policies is a strategy which has been mentioned in recent european councils repeatedly - especially in the gothenburg european council - but which is applied little in practice , especially in relation to the industrial policy , the fisheries policy and other union policies . restanti
for the rest , and on behalf of all of us , i believe that community cooperation should be imposed in a more stringent manner at times , whilst maintaining respect for the national courts ' own boundaries , maybe even somewhat more respect than has already been shown in the commission proposal . resto
mr oostlander is entitled to thrash out the rest at national level . after all , the elections are in the offing . resto
i will have the opportunity to reply to further questions later in the debate , so i rest the commission 's case here . chiudo
mr president , on behalf of the british conservatives and the rest of the ppe-de group i would like to say that we strongly support the compromise set out in the von wogau report and reiterated by mr prodi this morning . tutto
the amendments introduced by our rapporteur , leaving it to member states to choose between excise duty at eur 60 per thousand cigarettes and excise duty plus vat of 71 % of the price , represent the lesser evil , and , politics being the art of the possible , i will , of course , follow the rest of my group in voting for mr katiforis ' report with full conviction . mali
the requirement to adhere to rest breaks and the laying down of maximum and night work times are making their contribution to safety on europe 's roads . riposo
baroness ludford has reassured us and put our minds at rest . tranquillizzata
i will not go so far as to mention accession to the union , as mr dupuis did , for fear of causing offence , but if europe wants to genuinely lay the history of the twentieth century to rest , it cannot confine itself to enlargement and refuse to assume full responsibility for the consequences of european history . novecento
they have demonstrated a considerable success in reducing dormant commitments and sleeping commitments so that the reste à liquider has fallen quite substantially . reste
the 180 000 infected bovine animals in great britain , in addition to the 1 325 in the rest of europe by the year 2000 and the 101 human cases of new variant cjd have raised serious issues about animal feed and have highlighted the far from harmless effect of this feed on the food chain . resto
for this reason , we are sure that the monterrey conference offers us an historic opportunity for the european union to be able to project and transmit , together with the rest of the participants in that event , a clear message in defence of the values we hold dear . altri
our hopes rest on monterrey therefore , unless the outcome has already been determined and the american positions dominate this conference , as was the case at doha . riposta
however , in the case of other member states such as spain , which also have regions or autonomous communities with wide legislative powers , the central government prevents the regions or autonomous communities from taking part in their delegations for the various council meetings , even when competence rests exclusively with the regions rather than the central government . spetta
we hope that india and pakistan , with the support of the european parliament , can take that road rather than the much more dangerous road for themselves and the rest of the world . resto
i therefore want to put your minds at rest in a way , but the measures announced by the european parliament are absolutely vital . tranquillizzarvi
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , this is not the first time that those who consider themselves the guardians of western culture , those who give the rest of the world lessons in democracy have proven to be the guardians of barbarianism . depositari
if we are to replace traditional job security with employability , we need a new approach to working time arrangements because new problems are emerging , such as how to turn part-time employment into full-time employment , what to do about weekly rests and the ban on working on public holidays , how far to adjust working time arrangements where paid work is turned into self-employment , how to control the application of specific working time arrangements in the case of teleworking , what new balance must be struck between home life and work and , finally of course , riposo
citizens ' welfare is therefore served by sound legislation on working hours and hours of rest . riposo
as an extension of the rapporteur ' s approach , i should like to draw your attention to sunday ' s being a collective day of rest . riposo
it is one of the tasks of the member states , in line with customs and traditions in the member state in question , to designate a day of rest . riposo
i am delighted to note that in 9 of the 15 member states , sunday has been officially designated a day of rest . riposo
these member states have taken the order from parliament in 1996 seriously and realise that a day of collective rest is of great importance to families , extended families and other social networks . riposo
it is therefore of major importance that allowance be made in social legislation for the fact that sundays are to be maintained as days of rest within the european union . riposo
to christians , sunday has the specific significance of a day of rest designated by god , which goes back to the day of christ ' s resurrection . riposo
as such , this day of rest is deeply engrained in european culture . riposo
only if it changes in these ways can people ' s hearts be won over in turkey and the rest of europe . cuori
i accept that the matter rests with the swedish prosecution authorities , but we shall need to do something about this . occupino
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , socrates , together with a number of other programmes , really is the european union programme which builds europe from the bottom up because , as doris pack has already told us , this programme allows generations of young people to experience europe for themselves and gain a european perspective which stays with them for the rest of their personal and professional lives . tutta
madam president , may i congratulate the rapporteur on her report and the commissioner and the commission services for creating a real new framework here for contact between the youth of europe and the rest of the world . resto
rest assured , then , that we returned inspired by our discussions and by the contacts we made at the social forum . NULL
for the rest , we have great difficulty with the turmes report . resto
it is up to us , the men and women of europe , to apply these rights and ensure their application within the european union and to defend and develop these values in the rest of the world . resto
we do not agree with the exclusive determinism for women , which condemns them for the rest of their lives . resto
the relationship between the european union and the united states is based on strong and long-standing ties between our respective peoples and governments , and rests on fundamental values such as the respect for human rights , personal freedom , the rule of law , a democratic form of government and the system of free trade . fondate
if the member states do not have a lenient policy in their countries they should change it and not force the rest of us to drag our standards down to theirs . altri
while the european union has to condemn this phenomenon in third countries , it must not presume to lecture the rest of the world , because it is confronted with fundamentalism within its own territory . saccente
for years , the european union , like the rest of the world , has been standardising both the prudential rules that are essential to these financial activities and the forms of supervision practised by the banking and insurance authorities . resto
parliament may rest assured that i intend to keep parliament fully informed of these negotiations and that i have no intention whatsoever of undermining parliament 's prerogatives . essere
and has been said here , we have systems which vary quite a lot among the acp countries and the rest of our partner countries . rimanenti
for the rest , however , as he himself has said , the subject of tobacco as dealt with in this specific proposal for a council regulation is a purely technical matter concerning the 2002 , 2003 and 2004 crops . altronde
it is disconcerting , therefore , that the della vedova report begins by making a sort of semi-sincere confession that tax policy must remain within the exclusive competence of the member states whilst the rest of the text goes on to advise how the union can go about acquiring the same prerogative . resto
today , we still do not have any news regarding mrs bétancour 's situation which could put our minds at rest . betancourt
mr president , after the barcelona summit , two events have taken place whose severity has shaken not just italy but the rest of europe too . scosso
all the rest is liable to be just gossip , but it creates a feeling of real uncertainty amongst the public and also , i must say , a certain mistrust of the institutions . resto
if the structural funds are taken out of the calculation , there was no problem with the rest of the budget . altri
the final responsibility for failure always rests with the european commission , but the national governments spend most of the money . spetta
the court of auditors seems still reluctant to name member states found wanting , and i warn the court again that we will not rest until this request is complied with . pace
whilst we gave our support to the rest of the reports , i would like to make a particular reference to a report on which our group , the group of the europe people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , abstained - the morgan report . in
according to my information , which should not be declassified at the moment , we can rest assured that ammunition containing depleted uranium has not been used in afghanistan and this has also been indicated by the units with nbc detection equipment within afghanistan itself , within the isaf . nbq
racism is on the increase and is attacking the rest of the world , europe and the united states , leading to dangerous misunderstandings and differences of opinion between these two continents , between europe and the united states . resto
lastly , as for me , javier solana , rest assured that i will never cease working for peace in the middle east , as i have done up until now .  
amendment no 82 attempts to address the concern of cable manufacturers by making clear that financial responsibility for weee rests with the producer of the finished equipment and not with individual component manufacturers . raee
as far as the rest of the text is concerned , however , i would say that we still have a great deal of work to do . NULL
certain population groups obviously do not have special genes which make them behave differently to the rest of us . comportino
now we believe that , in order to bring this matter to a satisfactory conclusion , we must , in accordance with the rules of procedure , refer this report back to committee , or at least the part of the report that concerns the council , and vote on the rest of the report . restante
the load cannot be left to rest on one pillar alone . gravare
that , rather than the export of asbestos to the rest of the world , is where our future lies . altri
he can therefore rest assured that during the spanish presidency there will never be an attempt to upset this balance , nor will the council adopt any measure affecting primary legislation , because that is solely the competence of the intergovernmental conference . essere
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the eu produces 20 million hectolitres of alcohol annually , of which 13 million hectolitres are of agricultural origin and the rest of the union 's production is what is known as synthetic alcohol . resto
for the rest , the commission is of the opinion that all other provisions proposed are necessary to establish a set of common rules for the alcohol sector , including the provisions on the application of the rules on state aid . resto
all the rest have been signed and many are in force . altri
the palestinians , both muslims and christians , dream and wish to have their country as well and they will not rest until they have a secure and viable state based on a just and fair settlement . pace
the european union is also responsible , as a result of its policy , for the starvation and misery in the rest of the world . resto
i would hope that with the good cooperation of all three institutions this issue can be put to rest in the not too distant future , to make the council happy , to make ourselves happy and to make sure that the commission can get on with doing the job that it wants to do . sciogliere
another very common phenomenon is that older people are now increasingly living with the rest of their family , people these same women have to care for , disabled people , perhaps , which means that housewives , these same women , have an increased workload . padrona
well then , i am not , of course , defending mr le pen , who i expect is quite capable of defending himself ; i am not , of course , saying that i support or do not support his political ideals - if there is anyone in this parliament who can be counted on to vote differently from the rest of the house it is precisely the radical members - but that this is a question of upholding parliament 's dignity . condividerne
we feel that tourism should aim to satisfy the needs of the workers and the working classes in general for rest and recreation , which are vital if they are to maintain their strength . riposo
there are no significant amendments to the rest of the programme . resto
if we ignore young people 's interests , our european home will rest on unsteady foundations , for the young of today are tomorrow 's future ! malsicure
it is true that continuing unemployment and the social problems which come with it , often poor standards of education and teaching and insecurity about the future disappoint and alienate youth from the rest of society . allontanarli
rest assured , mr alyssandrakis , the correction you request will be made . alyssandrakis
we have a backlog of payments and other backlogs - what are termed reste à liquider or total outstanding commitments - which only increase . pendenze
however , we must not rest on our laurels but ensure that tourism remains dynamic and that this growth does not stagnate . riposare
this fundamental problem of the movement and transit of persons stems from the transit between the enclave and the rest of the territory of the russian federation between the time when the candidate countries join the union and the time when they fully apply the schengen legislation . resto
it appears that the rest of the international community has turned its attention entirely away from central america . centroamerica
the union has only reached free trade agreements with one latin american country , mexico , and now it is going to sign one with another , chile , but with the rest of world we have no free trade agreements . resto
it is too easy to use a scapegoat all the time to attempt to conceal our differences , which remain so very obvious to the rest of the world . girando
that is what really concerns us , because in spain as in italy , which has common borders with the rest of the european union , we are receiving more illegal immigrants across our borders with our fellow member states than through crossings from the south by sea . resto
we already know from experience with economic policy coordination that competence for coordination needs to rest with the union if we are to avoid previous shortcomings . inadeguatezze
mr president , on amendment no 6 , i should like to draw the attention of the house - and particularly of all those who support the general philosophy of the report and intend a priori to vote in favour of it at the end - to the fact that this amendment stands in total contradiction to the rest of the report . resto
the country has now been divided and its capital is in danger of being cut off from the rest of the country , with all that implies for the people . asfissia
needless to say , this is a very important matter that has to be considered in the light of the significance that india represents , not only in asia , but also in the rest of the world . tutto
once that agenda was adopted , the question of changing the agenda rests at my discretion . modificarlo
indeed , you should rest assured that many in this house support you in this move even if some would perhaps suggest quite the opposite . star
i will mention the following : the alis programme for the development of the information society , a four-year programme which will receive eur 85 million , of which the commission will provide 63.5 million and the latin american countries will provide the rest , until that figure is reached . resto
with that small reservation , i can support the text and my group will be voting in favour of the rest of it . restante
the basis for this is the latest extensions to have been made : for example , the iberian peninsula - in its road link with france through the pyrenees , or the integration of the scandinavian countries , in their road links with the rest of the continent , or austria . resto
the responsibility for following western safety regulations rests with the member states , and responsibility for monitoring rests with that most viable of organisations , the western european nuclear regulatory association . wenra
if this is conceded , it will be a step forwards ; if it is not , none of the rest - not even more effectiveness or better organisation - will make any difference to the european union 's decision-making process . resto
the responsibility for securing a successful outcome to the second referendum rests with ireland 's pro-european parties and social partners . incombe
however , the prime responsibility rests with the irish government . incombe
therefore , you can rest assured , since , with the efforts made by the council and the tremendous support of the commission , the spanish presidency has been able to fulfil the mandate of the european council and also of this parliament . stare
meanwhile , the council would invite the commission to present concrete measures including , where relevant , additional financial assistance aimed at strengthening the pre-accession strategy for turkey in line with the rest of the candidate countries . altri
this lack of clarity pains me , as does the fact that nothing has been said about the accession prospects of the rest of the balkans in the more distant future . altri
i would say that the special regime for the canary islands compared with the rest of the community territory is less special now than at any time in the whole history of our country and the european community . resto
at the moment , i believe the objective for the spanish government in making the proposals and for the commission is to liberalise the internal market and to facilitate the integration of this region - so distant and facing so many difficulties - into the rest of the internal market . altre
the rest of the recital would remain as it was drawn up in the common position . resto
there is now a plethora of measures by means of which local authorities and regions protect the environment and their sunday rest , and try to level out dangerous peaks in traffic . quiete
for the rest , i believe that he has struck the right balance between the different conflicting interests . resto
furthermore , we must take advantage of these restrictions on heavy goods traffic to ensure that drivers enjoy a minimum period of uninterrupted rest . riposo
we cannot , however , rest on these laurels . riposarci
the rest of the expenditure is due to be co-financed through either local , regional or national budgets . resto
everything we have said today about immigration , our security and our relations with the rest of the world is dependent upon a more effective , larger-scale mediterranean policy . mondo
the one thing that is clear is that this item of legislation will certainly not lay to rest the issue of whether enzymes and animal products have to be labelled . enzimi
for the rest , i am most obliged to you for raising this question here , because the fact of the matter is that eurosceptics in the czech republic keep spreading these false reports in the international press and there is absolutely no foundation for them . NULL
for the rest of the issues raised in this so-called " package meeting " , we expect the replies before the end of this year . altre
is the commission aware of the fact that the fleets which caught ' pescaíto frito ' until a few years ago were the only fleets which respected the biological rest periods , and are now the only fleets lying in the breakers ' yards ? fermi
if so , why this insistence on turning the same screw ever tighter with its common fisheries policy ( cfp ) , which by means of commercial agreements of whatever kind , favours and encourages these third states which do not respect biological rest periods nor stocks , and which moreover allow enormous commercial industrial fleets , some of them belonging to european shipowners , to catch the ' pescaíto frito ' which we eat ? fermi
we are worried about the fishing-grounds - we know they are depleted - but , as you are well aware , we are leaving the sea in the hands of industrial fleets , who are the ones that do not respect biological rest periods , and whose nets we cannot monitor , as we do with small-scale fishermen . biologico
otherwise i , like the rest of my group , will have to vote against the report . NULL
the rest of the amendment remains as before . resto
let us not , however , rest on our laurels or be content with the successes of the past . riposare
it is not easy to be a liberal when greed and prejudice fill the air , but rest assured , president-in-office , that liberal democrats in this house will maintain our unfailing support for enlargement under the criteria laid down in copenhagen . impregnano
i agree with the rest of the measures highlighted in the resolution , in particular the considerations of the community budget and the edf , greater coordination between bilateral and multilateral donors , the importance of microcredits and of the creation of an alliance against hunger and poverty . altre
the division of labour mooted by some people - whereby the developed world supplies industry and high-tech and the rest of the world , i.e. the less developed countries , is responsible for global food production - has nothing to commend it , in my view . resto
in another section , the european parliament warns the commission of the problem caused by this referral process when the final decision rests with the political authorities and not with independent authorities . spetti
ordinary people can rest assured that the eu will continue to provide emergency humanitarian aid in order to prevent undue suffering and a total breakdown in civil society . essere
mr president , whereas , in the rest of central and eastern europe , considerable progress has been made when it comes to freedom of the press , matters have , as we have mentioned , taken a wrong turn in both russia and belarus . NULL
as the commissioner said earlier , these retrograde steps are in danger of having a harmful effect upon developments in the rest of the region . resto
here too , i propose a compromise solution : no material-specific targets but a distinction between easy and difficult materials , with a minimum of 25 % for plastic and wood and 60 % for the rest . resto
and all the rest of us are guilty to a greater or lesser extent . vittime
for the rest , i believe that a good compromise has been reached in the commission , and i should like to raise three points . resto
examples of these are disturbed night rest or psychological effects of noise nuisance , which may be financially compensated . riposo
as mr blokland already indicated , night rest , psychological effects and some of the environmental effects are difficult to verify , and there is room for improvement in this respect . riposo
as for the rest , i believe that the text , as it appears following the votes in the relevant committees , still contains the vital part of what the member states consider necessary for the protection of their consumers . resto
this is undoubtedly an example of what the european authorities can do in this area : they are setting standards for work , rest and time on board for crews and commercial flight personnel . riposo
it is crucial that we harmonise flight times , working hours and rest requirements for cabin staff , not only in view of future enlargement but also , and especially , because we feel that there is an urgent need to protect these workers in light of the expansion of low cost airlines in the european union . riposo
it could strike again anywhere in europe or the rest of the world at any given moment ; in other words , even as we deal with the emergency and repair the damage , we need to focus on prevention and on protecting the climate . resto
i will leave the rest to the rapporteurs . resto
i am taking as an example - most exceptionally - the domestic situation in italy , where decisions have been taken over the years which have had debatable consequences , although it is also true that italy is a country whose environmental conditions are very different from the rest of europe . resto
there was agreement about the inspectors now having to be given the opportunity of entering iraq and there was concern about the weapons of mass destruction that not only the united states but also unscom have reasons for suspecting are being produced and that may be a deadly danger to peace in the middle east and in the rest of the world . resto
the international anti-terror alliance then laid the spectre of the taliban to rest . tacere
it is very important for us to play a supportive role - perhaps not as important as the role others such as the united states , china and japan are playing - but nevertheless an important role in reconciliation in the korean peninsula and in encouraging north korea to join the rest of the human race . resto
that is a step forward - let us hope that this will characterise the rest of the presidency and also future presidencies . mesi
if we have to say to our school leavers : you have done well , you have your qualifications now and you can now learn for the rest of your lives , then this will hardly motivate them . resto
a great deal of progress has been made in this field , however , and rest assured , ladies and gentlemen , that the commission is working on this , to ensure that we achieve the recognition of qualifications and that , especially in the field of vocational training , we are able to open up new perspectives and use new common working methods . garantirvi
this is all well and good , but it does suggest that the existing universities are completely introspective and maintain no contact with the rest of the world , and this is simply no longer the case . resto
looking at another area , the burden of proof in all member states rests with the applicant for compensation , but there are great variations in the degree of proof , and another example is that , in certain member states , it is required that an offence shall have been reported to the police before any compensation can be paid out , whilst in others that is not the case . grava
there is category three , which is fit for human consumption , including catering waste , and category two , which is all the rest . sottoprodotti
it is an area that is important not only for ourselves here in europe but also for the rest of the world and , in particular , for our partners in the developing countries . resto
if it is the intention to implement the protocol , that is what we should do , and it is important , in my view , for the sake of scientific research in the eu , not to close off the eu unnecessarily in one way or another from the rest of the world or make the work unnecessarily more difficult than in the rest of the world . resto
that is the relationship the taxpayers of europe need to have with the recipients of this funding : in that way perhaps we will be able to see how much prince charles , the queen and the rest of the royal family receive in relation to subsidies granted under the common agricultural policy . resto
i can assure you and the rest of the house that the bureau as a whole is making an effort , now that the rules of procedure have changed , to ensure that debates in plenary are exactly as you said . resto
may i assure you and the rest of the house that your comments will be passed on to the bureau verbatim . garantisco
ships carry over 70 % of all trade between the community and the rest of the world . resto
three : full responsibility for the movement of banned genetically modified organisms should rest with the country of export ; it should not be shifted on to the country of import . essere
some of us are in doubt about how far this reform has gone , how the rest of it is going to be achieved and when it will be implemented . avanzano
mrs schroedter , rest assured that i am keeping a very close eye on ensuring that the structural funds are implemented as per the regulation and in accordance with european directives on the environment . stia
despite the fact that we criticise the result of the johannesburg summit , it is true - and in this i agree with the committee and the rest of my fellow members - that we need to follow up the minimum agreements to ensure that they are fulfilled . altri
then i believe we need to discuss the brok and titley reports - and i congratulate both rapporteurs on their work - and the rest of my group will talk about other subjects . altri
at present , this burden rests primarily on the shoulders of our counterparts in the national parliaments , but , the more this european policy develops , the more this parliament will also have to take upon itself this crucial task . ricade
it means , moreover , that it might be valuable if the united states were to give a guarantee that it would behave like the rest of us and bring prosecutions itself . dessero
why do we not use our own initiative and not have the european union hurting its own citizens while the rest of the world merely goes on its way destroying the environment ? resto
by all means let the research go ahead , let us look at the issue again in a few years , but please do not try and saddle the rest of europe with unenforceable limits . resto
thank you and good luck for the rest of your term of office . rimanente
if we were to take out these six days in the autumn , we would have time for committees , time for week-long surgeries and all the rest , instead of which we could use the time here really profitably . resto
but i find it difficult to believe that any acceptable alternative view should not rest principally on un mechanisms and procedures . basarsi
in reality , the united states covet iraqi oil resources , control of which would allow them to dictate price policies to the rest of the world . resto
mr president , we are on the verge of war , a war which could have devastating consequences not just for the people of iraq and for the middle east as a whole but for the rest of the world as well . resto
that is why we have also submitted a proposal for licences , for effort limitation and the collection of data , and this proposal , taken as a whole , rests on four central pillars . basata
auctioning would be a solution if the market were to function well , but if auctioning takes place only in europe , competitiveness with the rest of the world is distorted . resto
the proceedings today have shown that , even when it is not used , it serves a purpose in putting on pressure for amendments to be withdrawn , thereby saving the rest of us a lot of time later in plenary . indurre
one of the responsibilities of the european institutions is therefore to be aware of the complexity and diversity of the economies of the member states - applying the same criteria to large and small alike - just as we have the responsibility to keep track of developments here in europe and in the rest of the world . resto
it is our duty , because we have a duty to remember , because it is the very justification for our existence , because we are essentially a democratic body which defends human rights , to give everyone a chance and to stop the european union becoming a ' fortress europe ' which is closed to the rest of the world . resto
but there is one thing we need to be clear about : europe 's citizens can rest assured that we will protect their interests in this continent . fidarsi
the americans will , the un will and the israelis will - not to mention the rest of the international community . resto
we need to address it today , and it is important for agreements to be reached between france and germany at the brussels summit , naturally - it is not good for one country to isolate itself from the rest of the community - but also between all the current partners . isoli
i welcome the measures proposed by the commission to ease the direct transit of goods and people between kaliningrad and the rest of russia . resto
it is too early to rest on our laurels , but at the same time , the european union must remain reasonable . NULL
we have no right to play teacher to the rest of the world , as we sometimes do , unless we take our own rule of law seriously . resto
all the rest is interpretation . resto
mr president , mr president of the commission , the brussels council has once again shown a politically negative face : two member states decide for the rest , without taking account of everybody else 's contribution to the common project . tutti
however , as for the other candidate member states , it is too early for them to rest on their laurels . dormire
this could be the start of a radical reform which would improve the situation of the mountain regions and all the less-favoured regions , giving them the same opportunities for life and growth as the rest of the community . resto
i should remind the house that as the church of england is an established church , its rules and regulations form part of the canon of the law in england , although not in the rest of the united kingdom . resto
mr president , i do not know whether this can be done on monday or on thursday , due to the commission statement on climate change , but i would like to establish it clearly now , so that if the rest of the political groups agree , we can include it in our agenda . altri
the commission can rest assured that i have an entirely constructive approach towards the object of achieving a final result in relation to this . posso
in comparison to this , the adoption of the rest of the acquis communautaire does not seem such a big deal at all , at least as far as turkey is concerned . resto
how , lastly , can we control globalisation when the usa dominates the world in political and military terms and when large industrial and financial groups take care of the rest - often , moreover - under the control of the usa and large world stock exchanges ? restanti
as far as the rest is concerned , we can but approve of the legitimate objectives , such as the stated desire to study the impact of community legislation or codify existing legislation . resto
while making a success of enlargement is a key priority , we should not forget our parliamentary relations with the rest of the world . resto
as for the rest of amendment no 42 , it would remain as is ; the words ' in this context ' would be added , in other words , a simple link . resto
consensus was reached on a joint declaration regarding transit between kaliningrad and the rest of russia . resto
mr president , the european union / russian federation summit that took place on 11 november in brussels succeeded in producing an understanding , as you already know , on the issue of transit between kaliningrad and the rest of russia . resto
the prerogative as to whether to follow this suggestion or not rests with the council . spetta
let us see how it is working first , let us see that democratic guarantees are really maintained and , if they are , you may rest assured , commissioner and mr president-in-office of the council , that this parliament will be prepared to participate to the full . certi
incidentally , ireland has also failed to implement the part-time workers directive and is now seriously out of line with the rest of europe on these issues . resto
just as policies of this kind produced handsome rewards for businesses and consumers when my country , under a conservative government , rediscovered and pioneered these practices in the 1980s , they are now doing the same in the rest of the european union . resto
even though we in the eu cannot accept responsibility for all these forms of climate change , we must nonetheless regard ourselves as one of the parties which , together with the rest of the industrialised world , has contributed most to creating the climate change now under way . altri
we must do the rest through an open debate and joint work amongst us and , please , let us not increase divisions . resto
both ideas are starting points , hinges , upon which the construction of cfp reform rests . basarsi
they are fighting for the future of scottish fisheries and the final decision ultimately rests at their doors , not ours . spetta
furthermore , fishing possibilities for eu vessels have been decreased on sensitive stocks and technical measures including a two-month biological rest period have been agreed to give more protection to fish stocks and to minimise the risk of competition with the artisanal fleet . riposo
i would also highlight that the biological rest period is obligatory unlike the simple provisions of the previous agreement , and states that the aim of prohibiting deep-sea fishing is to foster the conservation of vulnerable species and promote the small fishing sector and defend the sustainability of fishing in senegal . riposo
with regard to demersal fishing , spain has received the lion 's share , with portugal , italy and greece sharing the rest . resto
the contempt with which our pleadings have met leads me to think that most of the rest of you must inhabit a different planet . imbattute
i think we still have problems for the entertainment and leisure industry but the rest of industry and the workers will find this directive very easy to live with . altri
we are amazed that those who complain that elected representatives are cut off from the rest of the population have not thought of using this idea , which would certainly be appreciated by the general public . spaccatura
the rest is mere detail . resto
this is particularly true of turkey , which represents a constant danger , and the rest of the middle east and north africa too . resto
the final issue on which the debate rested was whether a doctor would be responsible for the assessment of the eligibility of donors , whereas the council wanted a health professional and deemed that to be sufficient . riguardava
enlargement has finally put the second world war to rest . relegato
there is no question of a huge amount of money being transferred from the one part of europe to the other , so i would say , rest assured , there will be enough time to sort things out after 2006 . stia
on the other hand , the chinese government wants to make hong kong more like the rest of the country . resto
it is clear for all to see that the mountains are different from the rest of the territory : they are different environmentally , biologically and in terms of natural history and social conditions . resto
the liberalisation of sectors that are currently regulated will spell profits for some , but for the rest it will mean accidents , poor working conditions , redundancy and for the passengers , a lower standard of service . altri
in order to simplify these rules , we have had to reduce the degree of flexibility of the regulation in force , complex rules on compensation for reduced rest periods have been eliminated and the duration of daily rest has been increased by one hour to 12 hours . riposo
seven , the daily rest period has been increased from the proposed 11 hours to 12 hours , although some flexibility is possible as it can be divided into two portions , of nine plus three hours , in a limited number of cases . riposo
proper driver health and safety whereby , for example , drivers were thoroughly rested when they took the wheel , would promote road safety . volante
i wish therefore especially to draw attention to a proposal that is very important in the new regulation , namely that the member states ' supervisory authorities be able to take legal proceedings in cases of rest period infringements , even if the infringement has taken place in the territory of another member state . riposo
there are a number of aspects of the existing report that we social democrats , both in the committee on employment and social affairs and the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , would like to see strengthened , for example the minimum rest period per 24 hours and the maximum driving time . riposo
some think that they should be in , while others believe that the numerous accidents are not related to rest periods and driving times but are rather a question of speed . riposo
we do not call into question the 12-hour nightly rest period either , with the related flexibility of nine plus three hours . riposo
this also applies to the daily rest periods and the short breaks . riposo
rest periods , daily rest periods and weekend rest periods are issues of safety and it is not unknown for overtired drivers to be involved in accidents . riposo
in the committee we arrived at a consensus on a series of sensible rules for driving times and rest periods that are realistic and geared to the needs of both drivers and companies . riposo
i think it is sensible , if at all possible , for drivers to spend their weekly rest periods at home , where they live , with their families . riposo
it is also sensible , if they are nearly at a ferry and can spend their rest time there , for the driving times and rest times to allow them to reach that ferry . riposo
obviously it is not sensible to spend a rest time in a travelling vehicle , and we have therefore stated this in the text . riposo
our group is proposing that we reject the commission proposal and ask the commission to carry out a thorough study of the need to change current rest periods , taking digital tachographs into account . riposo
the basic idea behind them is that the provisions on rest periods in the current regulation are adequate provided that they are complied with and monitored effectively . riposo
assaults are one of the major problems encountered by drivers when they take rest breaks on european motorways . riposo
the simple new rules would mean that no one could be in any doubt as to when and for how long drivers were required to take rest breaks . riposo
i also support those amendments that clarify the existing ambiguities , like the separate rest periods . riposo
on the basis of mr markov 's proposals , and with his cooperation , the report has developed , leading to greater flexibility for the driver , because it is the driver who is aware of levels of tiredness at any given moment and it must be they who call the shots in terms of rests and the distribution of working time . riposo
finally , we have a joint amendment from a number of parties about reducing the shortened daily rest periods of not less than 10 and not more than 12 hours , for which i request your attention . riposi
imagine what this means in real life : tractors - and some are really very small - with tachographs , or the driver of a milk lorry , who goes from farm to farm and can no longer have his little chat ( rest period ) with farmer x because he has to respect a very particular sequence of driving times and rest periods , as if he were travelling from rotterdam to munich . riposo
firstly , the adoption of the sectoral directive on types of work , which lays down a method for weekly calculation , makes it necessary to adapt our regulation , above all the provisions relating to working and rest times . riposo
i propose that we decide to start to draw on our pensions and have a rest from work not when have grown old but at intervals throughout our working lives , as i have endeavoured to illustrate . riposarsi
a solution as inflexible as this one would in fact not permit those who have to drive at a great distance from their base to apportion their rest periods in such a way as to allow them to spend more time with their families and friends . riposo
changes to rest requirements and driving times will severely reduce the ability of schools and coach companies to offer trips abroad at an economically viable rate . riposo
. ( fr ) the aim here is to simplify the rules governing the organisation of driving times and rest periods within the union in order to increase road safety and improve working conditions for the people covered by the regulation . riposo
it is unacceptable to authorise the division of rest time . riposo
getting all lorries and courier services that drive within the eu , even those driven by self-employed drivers or those from outside the eu , to comply with the standard of not less than 12 hours ' rest a day and working not more than 9 hours a day and 90 hours over two weeks is therefore an important step in the right direction . riposo
the rest , which bypasses the member states more insidiously , has been retained . resto
and such a europe must rest on the foundations of the community europe . fondarsi
i would , however , say that the greeks are well acquainted with what we in the rest of europe understand by the word ' marathon ' . resto
it is , in my view , right for the united states and the rest of the western world to seek to destroy al-qaida and eliminate osama bin laden , but so far they have failed . resto
the francophone connection is only one of many which we have between the members of the european union and the rest of the middle east . resto
we need to say ' that is enough ' to the countries in which only a minority benefits from the resources while the rest of the population continues to live in poverty . resto
we should not forget that the issue at the heart of this crisis is how saddam hussein treats the rest of the world , not how the rest of the world treats saddam hussein . resto
i think the best thing is to let him listen to the rest of the debate and then give him the floor at the end to comment on the speeches he is able to hear now in the house . fargli
we will change you for the sake of freedom , democracy , the rule of law and thus peace , but not the communist , nationalist , clerical , fundamentalist or ' rest in peace ' kind ! eterna
mr president , the leaders of the usa and britain , unfortunately with the connivance of many - if not all - of the governments of the members of ? ? ? ? and the european union , are moving towards all-out attack on the iraqi people , with incalculable consequences both for them and the rest of the world . resto
business resources and entrepreneurship combined with the know-how , skills and legitimacy of the rest of civil society can provide lasting solutions to the problems of globalisation . resto
commissioner , i believe that , if we allow our entire negotiating strategy to rest on the principle of decoupling , we may find ourselves without any room for manoeuvre in terms of guaranteeing elements which are essential to european agriculture , such as the stability of markets , with the maintenance of stable and economically viable prices which allow producers to earn an income . fondarsi
that is an issue we have not yet come to grips with in ireland or , to some extent , in the rest of europe . resto
one of these countries , belarus , borders latvia , lithuania and poland and , until 1996 , had developed in a fairly similar way to the other former members of the ussr but , since that year , it has taken an authoritarian course which has restricted human rights and democracy and imposed abusive social controls which prevent the european union from establishing mechanisms for relations , association and cooperation such as the ones it has put in place with the rest of these countries . altri
the ecopoint system should therefore apply only , as was originally intended , to transit through the alps and not also to journeys in the rest of austria ; the alternative would be that the ecopoint system would constitute an arbitrary measure , and other member states would be able to claim the right to impose their own . resto
the problem of sustainability in the broad sense , environmental , naturally , with the grave consequences of the pollution created by transport , which cancel out the savings made in the rest of industry with a view to fulfilling the kyoto commitments , and with the impact , not only on nature generally , but on the health of the citizens who , according to certain reports , reaches levels practically as serious as transport accident levels . altri
we need to support the trans-european networks and leave the rest to the member states . resto
there are those who use the same arguments as we sometimes hear on aids , saying that we can forget about those people who are infected , but should protect and save the rest . altri
mr president , today europe must , through the commission , show the rest of the world that it is firm on commercial matters and make the industrial choice to be socially pro-active and restructure industry in a useful way . resto
for the rest , i agree with mr jarzembowski and others that this port directive on competition in ports is completely inadmissible if we do not have a simultaneous arrangement , a regulation , about competition between ports . resto
as far as the rest is concerned , there is a vast gulf between , on the one hand , the commission 's lyrical flights of oratory as regards the most competitive european economy , the knowledge-based society , new governance and , on the other , the dashed hopes of growth and employment despite the repeated promises of the single market and the euro . resto
for the rest , we shall have to devote attention to what europe can do in the field of combating terrorism - which is very topical at this time . resto
this is a very challenging undertaking technically speaking , as the budget will apply to 15 member states for the first four months and 25 member states for the rest of the year . resto
that split would then be followed by a third vote - it need not be a roll-call vote - which would take up our words which stand alone from the rest of it : ' ... expects the legislative procedure to be concluded by the end of june 2003 at the latest ' . resto
like the rest of the international community , we still regard the government of the republic of cyprus as the representative of the whole of cyprus , as its only legitimate representative under international law . NULL
if , tragically , the position of the united nations remains ambiguous - for example , if authority for an attack rested solely on resolution 1441 , but without explicit security council confirmation that iraq 's failure fully to comply constituted a casus belli - then it is still likely to be desirable that the un should provide the framework as soon as possible for humanitarian assistance that may be necessary thereafter , that it should oversee the emergence of the new iraqi polity , driven by the people of iraq themselves and that it should help to coordinate the basasse
if it is a question of changing the map of this part of the world , i can say immediately that this would have immeasurable consequences and would pave the way for the emergence of a new generation of terrorists and for a lasting gulf between the muslim world and the rest of the world . resto
i should like to remind you , and all the pundits agree here , that there are two conflicting strategies in america : there is one strategy for how america lives with the rest of the world and there is another strategy with a theocratic slant , with america trying to determine the course of history on the basis of a subjective evaluation of international interests . resto
it is right also not to allow the idea to persist that two or three countries speak for europe , define its policies and drive them forward , while the views of the rest , many of which attach great importance to the transatlantic alliance , are portrayed as some sort of aberration . altri
this model should be developed in order to safeguard social standards that are attractive to the rest of the world . resto
rest assured that i am at your disposal , time permitting , and i fully intend to keep you abreast of any procedures , decisions or developments in this area . sappiate
it is important to realise that the us screening process does not use data such as meal orders , but those data are in passenger name records and they are downloaded with the rest . resto
we shall certainly pursue our talks with the airlines with the view to their installing filters that separate us flights from the rest and possibly also filters that separate sensitive data from other data which the us side say they do not need or use . resto
the rest will follow as an inevitable consequence . resto
no doubt that says a lot about the situation in the rest of the world . resto
the amendments tabled are therefore to clarify matters ; all the rest of the report can go ahead . resto
mr president , i will speak for two minutes on behalf of the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities and the rest of the time i will speak about the report by mrs patrie and the report by mrs thyssen . resto
i hope , nevertheless , that this has enabled the rest of the members to return to their places , because i have a statement to make . altri
in an internal market such as our own , the decision as to where to base a business operation rests solely with the management of the enterprise in question . spetta
we are a group of meps who have written to nigeria 's embassies throughout the european union and in the rest of the world and asked them to attend to this case . resto
i can offer briefly one or two additional thoughts which i hope will provide some context for the rest of this debate and which , i am sure , mr president , you were entirely right to call with the agreement of the presidents of the groups . resto
furthermore , what are they offering the rest of the world ? mondo
the rest of the film shows the extent of the suffering awaiting the family . resto
primary responsibility for the present situation rests with the loathsome regime of saddam hussein , who , as past events have demonstrated many times over , brings the scourge of war in his train much as clouds presage storms . attira
the rest is simply a brazen lie kept alive by heads of government afraid of their own people . resto
of course we want peace , but not the ' rest in peace ' kind ! eterna
94.6 % of this money was set aside for spain , and the rest for portugal . resto
the practice of removing sharks ' fins and throwing the rest of the body into the sea , sometimes while the animal is still alive , is considered to be a threat to the survival of some species of shark and , furthermore , lays itself open to a charge of barbarity , which is entirely incompatible with the principles and declarations that have been upheld throughout the process of european integration . resto
throughout the rest of the world , over 50 million hectares of genetically-improved plants are being grown with fewer chemical inputs and pesticides , and there are no scientifically-proven contraindications . resto
clearly , since it is not yet possible to identify the causative agent , the people of the european union and the rest of the world are faced with major difficulties in terms of what action to take , not least in view of a number of major factors which are responsible for the spread of the virus . resto
i see the directives on basic skills - as they are now termed - and training as being all of a piece with driving and rest times , driver attestation and now vocational training . riposo
like the rest of the group of the party of european socialists , i would hope to avoid conciliation when it comes to this directive . resto
madam president , some months ago we discussed the markov report on driving times and rest times in the road haulage industry . riposo
in fact , it is by developing links with one another , on the one hand , and links with the rest of the world , on the other , that our universities will improve the quality of the service they provide . resto
in conclusion , i would like to express the wish that , in future , young students , university scholars and researchers from the european union and the rest of the world will find our continent a source of learning , training and mutual understanding . resto
mr president , i would firstly like to congratulate the commission , because i believe that this project - which we are now christening erasmus mundus , thanks to mrs de sarnez 's fortunate idea - is coherent with the rest of its policy , since it opens up the world to us , it recognises that there is a form of globalisation which we must confront through active and positive policies , and at the same time , it recognises the importance that postgraduate studies are taking on , and must take on , in europe , as well resto
this has given rise to particularly outrageous consequences in the case of kaliningrad , cut off from the rest of russia . resto
they might as well all be in the pay of the drug barons , because the effect of their determination to pursue the policies of prohibition will simply be to line the pockets of those same criminals , discarding more intelligent approaches which could reduce the real harm to individuals and to the rest of society . proibizionistiche
is the netherlands an example to the rest of europe ? resto
i also wonder in what way the netherlands is a model for the rest of europe . resto
as for the council , there is a risk that they will let the text go through because they will all say - as they do all too often : ' the essential points are safe for the time being and as for the rest we will see in two years ' time ' . poi
it covers iraq and the rest of the middle east . resto
the citizens perceive europe by means of their national authorities , for whom a success is something they have won from the rest of the europeans and for whom harm is anything that they perceive as negative . resto
although we have made some great progress , many questions remain unanswered , and i will mention some of them and will happily send them to you as well , for it is important that we do not rest on our laurels in the information and communication strategy at a time when so much is at stake concerning enlargement and the future of the eu and when we are also coming up to elections to the european parliament . adagiarsi
the european union as a whole has a healthier basis from an economic and financial point of view , in comparison with much of the rest of the world . resto
i can imagine that we would then be able to lay to rest the misgivings others have , and come to a common position on this . fugare
as for the rest of the calendar , we do not have any strong views and have not adopted any particular position on it . riguarda
good atlantic relations are of fundamental importance for europe , for america and also for the rest of the world . resto
in order to achieve such a guarantee , it is necessary to define specifically , in this directive , the legitimate and acceptable level of compensation , which in our opinion is the reimbursement of travelling costs and income lost during the period required for the journey , the donation , and any rest period which is necessary , plus refreshments and that sort of allowance , but nothing more . riposo
all the rest should follow on from that . resto
this esdp must be based on the principle of security , a security that is common to europe and the rest of the world , a sustainable security based on equality , justice and reciprocity , a security based on respect for human rights , democratic control and international law . resto
i also think it smart to set up a european intelligent energy agency , which has a chance of becoming what the usa 's environmental protection agency was in the early 1970s in the eyes of the rest of the world . resto
finally , we ask the commission to take the initiative to harmonise legislation on insurance against risks in all the union 's air terminals , so that we do not end up in a situation where only possible damage suffered during flights is covered , but also any damage during the rest of the time that users remain within the air transport service chain . subiti
roundup is approved and used extensively in the rest of the eu . resto
in denmark , we have banned a large proportion of the pesticides on the market in the rest of the eu . resto
structural reforms need to be first adopted by vote , desired and then implemented ; then come the bribes and all the rest of it . resto
however , we should not rest on our laurels . riposare
the draft resolution would also provide for immunity for those making these decisions , and the remaining money - the unspent balance from the oil-for-food programme - should also be put into this fund and administered like the rest of it . resto
the union is co-initiator of this roadmap and therefore cannot rest on its laurels in the fact of the daily attempts by sharon 's government to destroy this slim chance of peace , in the belief that the current host in the white house will always understand its reasons . restare
moreover , this request is also coming from outside the union , from the many parties who wish the european union to play its part in managing the affairs of a world whose future must no longer rest solely on the shoulders of the president of the united states of america . riposare
those involved in hands-on work see further ahead than the rest of us . altri
secondly , the problems with the application of the solution for the movement of people between kaliningrad and the rest of russia have been overcome . resto
mr president , allow me a few supplementary observations on issues which have been touched on during the debate because , for the rest , both my first intervention and the commission intervention gave a great many replies to a series of issues . resto
that responsibility rests with the member states . compete
i would also emphasise , incidentally , that the situation in the eurozone is much more serious than that in the rest of europe . resto
mr president , it seems that africa is neglected by the un and the rest of the world . resto
in the current context , increasing remuneration for members of the european parliament would run the risk of causing an unfavourable reaction , at a time when the legitimacy of differences in remuneration between the economic and political elite and the rest of the population is in question . resto
what is now proposed to us following the budgetary council in brussels on 24 and 25 october - where the community budget was cut - is that just 6 % of the modulation should go to rural development , leaving the rest to fund sectoral reforms in the first pillar . resto
mr president , i am rather concerned that i have been looking at a slightly different document from the rest of this parliament . resto
what we mean by a regional or minority language is , and i quote , a language ' traditionally used within a given territory of a state by nationals of that state who form a group numerically smaller than the rest of the state 's population , and different from the official language ( s ) of that state ' . resto
it is an issue of great importance not only for us europeans but also for the rest of the world , especially the developing countries . resto
the prestige tanker was carrying high-sulphur heavy oil from estonia to singapore , but a lot of the rest is used in shipping , causing pollution at sea which we prevented on land . resto
the whole issue rests on the question of access to the irish box - water within 50 miles of the irish coast . riguarda
the convention takes us down a different road to a europe where the nation state is no longer the foundation upon which the union rests . fonda
i personally do not dream of europe as a great power in world affairs , becoming policeman and teacher to the rest of the world . resto
unlike the rest of my group , i have decided to abstain from voting on this report . resto
in the second world war the us contribution was decisive in delivering germany and france from hitler 's yoke and the rest of europe from his aspirations to power . resto
for the rest , we are fighting to combat terrorism . altri
we do not like the wording , but because the rest of the report is constructive , we chose to vote in favour of it . resto
mr president , a few weeks ago we saw the publication of the long-awaited us roadmap to peace in the middle east , a document fully supported by the rest of the international community , including the quartet of the us , the eu , russia and the un . resto
what , however , should this strategy rest on ? basarsi
this should put some fears to rest . fugare
the rest is lost because of national or regional regulations . resto
the security strategy provides a fitting european response to the us doctrine , resting as it does on the european principles of multilateralism and prevention rather than pre-emption . prelazione
but artificially scaling down the european union by dividing it into a core europe and the rest undermines the european union 's cohesion and also public trust in the european institutions . resto
i hope that , at least as far as the rest is concerned , the intergovernmental conference will be able to be short and decisive . resto
if the labelling of these products results only in their being rejected , we will certainly not be able to catch up on the rest of the world . resto
what kind of signal are we sending to the rest of the world ? resto
we must demonstrate to the rest of the world , including the us , that it works . resto
therefore , the rest of the world will also eagerly anticipate parliament 's vote tomorrow on the compromise package . resto
generally speaking , the rate of utilisation in the first few months of this year does not necessarily set the trend for the rest of the year . resto
italy is tainted with a stain which could well spread to the rest of the new union : an extraordinary concentration of power , primarily economic and media power but also political power , which has placed you in a position , inter alia , where you are now above the law . contagiosa
we may not be able to stop the us from shooting itself in the foot , but we ought to be able to stop it shooting the rest of us in the foot . zappa
in seeking and prioritising its own interests , however , the west does not behave with justice and equity in its international relations , but rather it generates a new form of anti-democratic autarchy which will end up bringing it into conflict with the rest of the world and will lead to its unsustainable decline . resto
austria has no desire to set these rules in stone for the rest of recorded time . indeterminato
apart from the directive approved recently on the training of professional drivers of goods and passengers by road , a legislative proposal is also being prepared , specifically a directive aimed at improving the application of the social provisions on driving and rest periods , as well as working hours . riposo
this directive will lead to a considerable increase in the number of controls for verifying compliance with driving and rest periods . riposo
the main donor countries are holding a dialogue with the ugandan government in order to promote a policy in the north to facilitate the full integration of the northern districts into the rest of the country . resto
we believe that the difference in standard of living between the north and the rest of the country is one of the fundamental causes , as well as the consequence , of the persistent instability and insecurity . resto
in future , what we need is a more focused and concentrated approach on coordinated priorities for funding , cross-border projects or major items of community interest - the rest should be left to the member states . resto
the vast majority of our trade with the rest of the world is by sea . resto
what of course distinguishes denmark is that we fund our social security systems across the border via the general taxation system , while in the rest of the eu more use is made of earmarked social security contributions . resto
my colleague dr solana , the high representative , has been in teheran this week making the point we have been making month after month : we wish to see iran sign the additional protocol as a necessary , but not perhaps sufficient , condition for convincing the rest of the world that its civil nuclear programme and ambitions are what they are said to be . resto
iran wants to have a better relationship with us and the rest of the world . resto
mr president , on mrs lynne 's report , the european union can present a great model to the rest of the world , in particular with regard to how best we treat those who are most vulnerable within our society . resto
unless they respect the clauses of the association agreement , the israelis will have difficulty in convincing the rest of the world that they are acting in good faith in issues such as the peace process as a whole . resto
the result , ladies and gentlemen , is that we cannot rest on our laurels because , regrettably , the prestige accident was not prevented after what happened with the erika . riposare
mr president , madam vice-president of the commission , the work carried out by the rapporteur , mr sterckx , whom i should like to congratulate , and by all the rest of us in the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism has demonstrated that the problem we are examining , safety at sea , is a complex , difficult issue with numerous aspects . tutti
i would say that if the erika i and erika ii packages were fully implemented and all the measures this report proposes for the future applied over the next two years , we could rest secure in the knowledge that things had finally taken a turn for the better . compiutamente
for the rest , i enjoyed his expertise . candidato
secondly , you also had to deal with a sometimes very aggressive , but sometimes also very irrational lobby , yet you ultimately managed to establish an ongoing dialogue , even though you undoubtedly found this difficult at times , as the rest of us did occasionally as well . resto
would it not be good if they went and had a rest , if they retired ? riposo
this is why i will not be supporting amendment no 13 although i support the rest of mr jonckheer 's report . jonckheer
sovereignty only rests with a few member states that boast their own constitutional structure . fonda
the days of powerful blocs such as the european union and the usa sitting in smoke-filled rooms , carving up the spoils and throwing a few crumbs to the rest of the world , have long since gone . resto
i therefore call upon the house to support and adopt amendment no 11 but to vote against amendment no 13 , precisely in order to establish a definition of ' thinners ' which is consistent with the rest of the legislation . resto
we are chiefly preoccupied with our industry , the competitive position of european businesses , and our own public health , and we are not looking at the rest of the world . resto
it is something of an irony of fate that we are today discussing the report of the ombudsman , whose job it is to combat bad administration , when the rest of the house is full of rumours about maladministration and eurostat . resto
the rest remains unchanged . resto
in a democratic country such as israel , which is a sign to the rest of the world that democracy exists in the middle east , every such suicide attack carried out by a terrorist group will make israeli opinion less willing to compromise with the palestinian authority and less well disposed towards handing land over to the palestinians . resto
the water is better and cleaner in the netherlands and in the rest of europe . resto
the rest is an aesthetic issue , but not a health issue . resto
everything we do to demonstrate that we want and are able to live up to our commitments will also send a signal to the rest of the world – and in particular to a certain country which we want to ratify the kyoto protocol as well . resto
i am sure that it will contribute to greater convergence of our higher education systems and that it will have a major impact on how attractive they are to the rest of the world . tutto
accordingly , our universities and colleges , the entire higher education system , in fact , will remain a showcase to the rest of the world of which we have every reason to be proud . resto
it is extremely important that the hague convention on parental responsibility and the protection of children , which dates back to 1996 , is ratified by the rest of the member states as quickly as possible . resto
i come from one of those islands , the island of ireland that does not have a tunnel connecting the rest of europe , or indeed a land bridge . resto
this rail package actually enables safety regulations to be toughened , in particular by harmonising working times and rest periods for train drivers and other train staff performing safety tasks . riposo
now , the stakes are high . it is , in fact , a question not only of forging closer links between the european universities but also of boosting the competitiveness of higher education provision by making it more attractive to students and teachers in the rest of the world . resto
it should be noted that this programme goes beyond the standard erasmus scheme , since it covers europe and the rest of the world , as well as masters and postgraduate courses . resto
by adopting today a new instrument of exchange and cooperation in the field of higher education , we are sending out a positive signal to students and teachers in third countries in the rest of the world that we are outward-looking and welcoming . resto
the commission decided that the best means to give effect to the outcome of this process was to propose travel times that would coincide with the travel and rest rules applicable to drivers . riposo
i would hope that the commission will look again at what it is proposing and come forward with a maximum journey time , rather than this situation where animals can continue to travel long distances with periods of rest . riposo
for example , if you have a rigid nine hours or eight hours with rest periods thereafter , you may be within sight of the ultimate destination . riposo
in such cases , it is certainly better to allow an hour or two extra driving rather than a 12-hour rest period followed by a further one or two hours ' driving . riposo
it is absolutely clear that the market sector rests on the non-market and that europe lacks a non-market policy in areas like education , infrastructure and creativeness . basa
i will dedicate the rest of the time available to me to a few brief comments on the report by mrs mckenna since , although our group had requested a joint debate on these reports , this has not been the case . commentare
i agree with the rapporteur that it is right that the multi-annual guidance programmes be laid to rest . pluriennali
the age-old imbalance between mediterranean crop production and crop production in the rest of europe needed a different approach , whereas we are faced with the reform of mediterranean crop production after the failure of cancun and with a view to enlargement . mediterranee
the government lacks any democratic legitimacy ; power rests with the king and the army . mani
europe ’ s overfishing problems are being shifted on to the rest of the world in that increasing numbers of european fishermen are depleting fish stocks in the waters of other continents . resto
in the case of the , the spanish authorities sought out those responsible on the basis of the ' polluter pays ' principle , in other words the master of the ship , but not the rest of the crew . resto
as for the rest , we expect the national governments to shoulder their responsibilities : the responsibility to resolve without delay , as you said , minister , a small number of issues which have been debated at length ; the responsibility to build in the flexibility and safeguards which will allow the constitution to move with the times . NULL
i can see that it is a subject that brings great excitement to the rest of the parliamentarians and indeed the massive audience that we have here tonight . altri
mr brown also points to the rigidities , inflexibilities and lack of competitiveness of the rest of europe compared to the more flexible and open economy of britain , precisely because we have control of our own taxes and currency . resto
this coincidence alone speaks volumes and i hope that it will enlighten mr erdogan and that he will take turkey , as i am sure he wants to , off the road of illegality and tyranny which only harbours tragedy for turkey itself and the rest of the world . resto
finally , but equally importantly , we need to introduce a strategy to convince the rest of the population that the problems of people with disabilities relate not to a specific category , but to society as a whole , if we want to have a society with cohesion and superior living standards . resto
even though the eu is more populous , the usa spends usd 140 billion more every year on research ; the national institute of health , which deals solely with medicine as a life science , has usd 28 billion at its disposal – more than the whole of the rest of the world spends in this field . resto
i did , however , accept that breakdowns in our communication system – between olaf and the rest of the commission , and between the director-general of eurostat and his commissioner – had meant that the commission was unable to take all the necessary precautionary measures earlier . resto
the commission has a very ambitious work programme for 2004 with enlargement and the creation of stability and growth , not only in the eu but also in the rest of the world . resto
sort it out in your own group and leave the rest of us in peace , and let mr prodi be politically active in whatever way he wants , without constant moralistic attacks by you . altri
whatever the result of the vote , i should like to address the belgian dockers with the following request : do not in any event rest on your laurels , as not even the rejection of the text will mean that your problems are at an end . sedetevi
what people in my country and the rest of europe want is a referendum on the constitution . resto
this is part of the institutional balance – president of the commission , general council and european council – and we have accepted the idea of a president of the european council only if he has no influence over the rest of what the council does and over the lawmaking process . altre
the monopoly on making legislative proposals will rest with people who can no longer be elected . controllato
even if we get europeans back from guantanamo bay , we must speak up for the rest of the 650 detainees . altri
it appears to me that the commission is attempting progressively to break down the united kingdom and the rest of europe into bite-sized chunks , aided and abetted , in this case , by our own government . resto
we also have a responsibility for how the rest of the world imitates our practices . resto
unlike the chairman of the convention , the draft constitution is not immortal , so let it rest in peace . riposi
in conclusion , i want to make an appeal to get down to work involving all the countries , abandoning the idea that a few should move ahead and leave the rest behind , and looking towards a europe of values that does not want to give up its judaeo-christian roots . altri
it is also regrettable that these days , governments have to prove their worth at home by the extent to which they manage to prevent the rest of europe from doing something . resto
therefore , i urge colleagues to vote for the rest . resto
for too long the expenses issue has dogged the parliament , and we now have the opportunity to put this to rest . soluzione
after this house had adopted , after only one reading , mr markov ’ s directive on driving hours and rest periods , mr berlusconi and his government did not even think it necessary to put it on the council ’ s agenda . riposo
i am going to listen to the rest of the debate , but i hope that , thanks to the work of the rapporteur , mrs sommer , and the co-rapporteur , mr turmes , and thanks to the work of the council , we can adopt it at first reading – which i would insist is extremely important – in order the facilitate the use of toll systems on roads in the future . resto
therefore , if this compromise is not approved , the principles of free movement would dictate that all the lorries which travel within the rest of the european union would also be able to travel within austria . circolano
if the commission wanted to give our business away to the rest of the world , then it has done a jolly good job . resto
we still do not have a full understanding of the causes of ms and we should not rest until this problem is solved . indagare
for the rest , the intergovernmental conference in brussels confirmed yet again the assessments of the communist party of greece that the debate is far removed from grass-roots interests , given that no one contests either the introduction of neo-liberalism or the promotion of the εu to deputy policeman alongside the usa or the attack on democratic rights and freedoms . altro
we must demand strict safety guarantees for all aircraft using the union ’ s airports , step up controls and further harmonise joint technical regulations , including those concerned with flight and rest times . riposo
many of my honourable colleagues accept the idea of a balance but consider that the power to strike such a balance rests exclusively with the local , regional and national public authorities . definirlo
as for the rest , on agriculture , the world trade organisation is not , in my opinion , an appropriate forum in which to deal with everyone ’ s rights and obligations . resto
however , the responsibility for such surveillance – for cancer screening tests – rests with the member states . spettare
foreign and security policy , development policy , trade policy , agriculture policy and external policy in the justice and home affairs fields , are all relevant to europe 's impact on the rest of the world and the real positive contribution we can make there . resto
that is where the european union has been tremendous , very generous and is showing the way for the rest of the world . resto
this process is in the hands of our african partners , and the commission will make sure in the months ahead that it is reflected in our ' mid-term reviews ' under the cotonou agreement and with regard to the other country strategies relevant for the rest of africa . resto
this is important , because the rest of the world , the other continents , expect us to speak with a single voice , so that the europe of cultural diversity , the example that others must follow , does not become scattered and lost in cacophony . resto
we agree only to be the hostages of our future for the sake of our posterity , the generations that wish to live equally and together with their peers in europe and the rest of the world . resto
you may rest assured that i have heard that message and i share your view . assicurarvi
if you are sincere in what you are saying in advocating for the rest of europe a knowledge-based economy , perhaps you could start by ensuring that our irish universities and third-level institutions are adequately funded to allow access to the greatest possible number of young people . resto
for the rest , i would urge you to support the european commission to maintain the rules at the court , but also in the reform of the stability and growth pact in order to bring about more european growth despite the hard euro . resto
i am not acquainted with the situation in the rest of europe ; i know that in italy the sum paid by amateur artists to collecting societies for authors ’ rights amounts to a tax which is disproportionate and benefits major artists . resto
therefore , as the rapporteur states , attention and appropriate controls are required to prevent monopoly situations becoming , whether legally or de facto , as often happens – in italy certainly , and i believe in the rest of europe too – abuses and pointless taxes to the detriment of amateur artists . dilettanti
before france or other member states find themselves condemned before the strasbourg or luxembourg courts they need to remember that a european model of integration rests on respect for differences and freedom to choose , not on illiberal imposition of uniformity . basa
you succeeded in getting it through the high-level group and in laying to rest many misgivings at national level , and , although mr schmitt is right to criticise what has emerged from the conciliation procedure , we do all agree that the system has undergone fundamental change . schimitt
in any event , it is now obvious that the current process of reform of the commission has not sufficiently clarified the relative responsibilities of the directors-general and the commissioners and has given no guarantees of respect for the golden rule of democracy : that accountability and ultimate responsibility rest with political office-holders . oro
for the rest , some of the communication ’ s ideas and suggestions require further investigation before being translated into action . resto
in a slightly shock reversal of the normal roles within the ppe-de group , i found that the rest of my group were more cautious about the idea of further regulation than i was : usually i am the one in my group arguing for a more deregulatory approach . resto
this important directive was approved ten years ago in order to regulate certain factors which are essential to the health and safety of salaried workers , such as daily rest periods and holidays . riposo
as we have heard , the main objective of this directive , which is also both its political framework and its legal basis , is to protect workers from the harmful effects on their health and safety from working excessively long hours , inadequate rest or irregular working hours . riposo
the directive is in fact a framework of minimum health and safety requirements as regards daily and weekly rest , the maximum working week , annual paid leave and the length of night shifts . riposo
yet again , as i see it , the actual blame for this rests with the member states rather than with the commission . colpa
– if i may put mr titford ’ s mind at rest , the dutch government is not following the united kingdom ’ s example ; it is in fact dealing with another problem , one with which we are also concerning ourselves today . tranquillizzare
this is because the completion of the internal market must lead to an improvement in working conditions , because the community will support and complement the member states ’ actions in the fields of health and safety protection of workers , as laid down in article 137 of the ec treaty , and because all workers have the right to a restriction of maximum working time , to daily and weekly periods of rest , and an annual period of paid holiday , as well as to work in conditions which respect their health , their safety and their dignity riposo
the only limit would be the eleven hours of rest daily or the twenty-four hours of rest weekly , but the directive would be losing its purpose and only regulating the maximum four-monthly , six-monthly or annual working time , depending on the particular case . riposo
rest assured that we in the european parliament will do our utmost to support you , even when it comes to the increase in the budget that will undoubtedly be needed if we are actually to achieve the successes that we wish to see in the interests of security . siate
i say ' so-called ' progress , because it is primarily all about sealing off europe from the rest of the world to an ever greater extent . resto
while iraq was brought under control , the rest of the world changed into a kind of supermarket of private proliferation , a supermarket in which all countries and , possibly , even terrorists with nuclear ambitions , can seize their chances . resto
. the working time directive of 1993 protects employees against working weeks in excess of 48 hours , daily rest times of less than 11 hours and holidays shorter than 4 weeks . riposo
– madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , unlike iraq , the occupation of afghanistan rests on a solid legal basis . fonda
the rest of the country is effectively abandoned to feuding warlords who monopolise revenues and dispense arbitrary justice in their private prisons , making president karzai at times little more than the united states-backed mayor of kabul . resto
nevertheless , i would like this instrument to be more consistent with the rest of our policies , otherwise there is a risk that it will be a way to legitimise the other policies , which are essentially . resto
religion must not , of course , take over the political system , but nor can religious life be kept completely separate from the rest of society . resto
it is a fact that , with our joint efforts and within the framework of the future european constitution , we can slowly but surely bridge the gender gap in the union and act as a shining example to the rest of the world , to areas of the planet in which women are still fighting for their fundamental human rights . resto
the rest – including the eu citizens involved – are undoubtedly dangerous or a source of ongoing useful intelligence and should either be tried for war crimes , if appropriate , at standards compatible with international norms or held in humane conditions as illegal combatants for the duration of the war , with red cross and consular access , until mr osama bin laden is captured and formally surrenders his terrorist network and their declared war on the west . rimanenti
we cannot conceive of constructing a large house for 500 million citizens by forgetting the foundations on which our common home must rest . poggiare
my good friend and fellow member of the convention , mr voggenhuber , can rest assured that i well remember the day at the convention when we chinked glasses , listened to the ode to joy and all signed a very large postcard . star
we encourage newly acceding states to continue their efforts for the final two months until accession : now is not a time to rest on their oars . dormire
late , i have to say , but the responsibility for that rests with mr denktash . rauf
so much for the civilisation of those who present themselves as the champions of civilisation and want to give the rest of the world lessons in democracy . resto
as members of the eu they will , just like the rest of us , gain full freedom of movement to promote increased solidarity and strength throughout the whole union . tutti
we hope that the rest can be done by 1 may 2004 . resto
this report began in committee with an approach that was appropriate right to the end and with which i and the rest of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy were satisfied . tutta
i am proud of the work that the european union is doing in this regard because it is a model for the rest of the world – i have no point of disagreement with mr sacrédeus on that . resto
accordingly , for general aviation involving small aircraft , delineated areas have been introduced which are separate from the rest of the airport . resto
as far as the urge for liberalisation is concerned , i can put mr bolkestein 's mind at rest . tranquillizzare
everyone can therefore rest assured , because on paper , everything is regulated down to the last detail . dormire
should the rest of us wring our hands and leave it to them ? resto
if no such evidence exists , the fact that 7 200 offences have been alleged cannot be allowed to rest . illazioni
so let us be cautious before preaching to the rest of the world . resto
the commission proposes to replace the current rules by a simple scheme for all species involving a nine-hour maximum travelling time , to be followed by a minimum of twelve hours ' rest if the journey is to be continued . riposo
it is no accident that these times coincide with the travel and rest rules applicable to drivers . riposo
given the proposed time limits of nine hours in transit and twelve hours rest , with unlimited repeats of this cycle , and the very generous expansion of space allowance per animal , one can confidently conclude that transport in excess of nine hours would become unaffordable . riposo
thirdly , with regard to productive cattle and traditional systems for fattening animals , i suggest a transport limit of 30 hours , including eight hours rest , but no unloading at staging places . riposo
i would also argue in favour of a separate regulation for cattle for breeding and racehorses , with a strict rest and feed regime . riposo
fifthly , i would like to see rest periods and driving times in existing eu directives for the transport sector coupled to fresh legislation . riposo
the rest period on the vehicles , for example , is completely impractical . riposo
a rest period on a vehicle cannot be considered as a rest period for a number of reasons . riposo
it is going to be very difficult to look after the animals if the rest period is on the vehicle . riposo
also , in relation to the continued cycle , the idea of a period of rest on a journey that can continue indefinitely is completely unacceptable . risposo
as we put this legislation in place , one of the keys to this whole process is proper enforcement : to ensure that we have the right type of lorries and the proper rest periods . riposo
i disagree with the commission proposal on the idea of a 12-hour rest on a lorry , especially if it concerns sheep . riposo
having tried to apply the inapplicable rest centres , it is now making the current proposal which is just as extraordinary , in my view . NULL
i therefore think that the maximum hours proposed and the system of rest periods are too reductionist , and the reasoning adopted in support of shorter travelling times cannot be justified from a scientific point of view : the scientific committee itself did not set this limit when it drew up its report . sosta
a rest of 12 hours for animals in the vehicle blatantly violates the welfare and dignity of the animals being transported , but the restriction of nine hours ’ transportation also blatantly violates the principle of the internal market . riposo
we therefore believe that the coherent and correct solution or proposal will be to establish the obligation for two drivers , with a cycle of nine hours which would allow for a brief rest in order to be able to continue another cycle of nine hours in the transportation . pausa
staging posts allow animals to be unloaded , watered and rested , and also the essential cleaning and rebedding of trucks . abbeverarli
the committee 's report achieved a number of important objectives : a reduction in travelling times ; upgraded transport conditions , including provisions for rest periods , feeding and watering ; additional training for drivers and animal handlers ; improved enforcement of the rules ; stronger rules relating to journey planning and registration ; satellite monitoring of vehicle movement ; the ability of member states to ban export of animals for slaughter is included ; there is a preference for slaughter near to the farm and encouragement for mobile slaughterhouses . riposo
we recommend that an absolute maximum of eight hours be introduced for journeys and that it should not be possible to circumvent this time regulation with reference to rest time in the vehicles that are being used for transportation . riposo
evidence of this is that it was initially proposed that animals should be unloaded to rest in open spaces and subsequently it has been demonstrated that that is also prejudicial to their health and contributes to the spread of diseases . riposare
with these new devices , more comfortable and especially longer journeys may be possible , although there must still be rest periods , which should in turn be increased to up to two hours . sosta
then there is a debate on the problem of unloading and reloading the animals , an operation which does not always achieve its intended aim , which is to help the animals rest . riposo
they , too , however , must supply the quarterly data on transactions in the ‘ general government ’ and ‘ rest of the world ’ sectors . resto
compulsory unloading for rest causes the animals stress and can spread diseases , such as foot-and-mouth . soste
this is an opportunity to draw attention to the fact that export refunds have helped cause unfair criticism to be heaped onto the entire common agricultural policy , and that this rotten branch really should be cut off to save the rest . resto
that is where the matter should rest , and so i can only hope , commissioner wallström , that the council will firmly put a stop to your initiative . augurarmi
decisions on the rehabilitation itself should , however , rest with the member states . essere
when a member signs that register in the plenary , that does not constitute an obligation to spend the rest of the day sitting in plenary ; nor an obligation to spend the rest of the day sitting with one 's group , if one signs in a group ; nor in a committee ; and most certainly not an obligation to sit all day in the central registry , if one signed there . intera
according to the report of the intergovernmental panel on climate change , global emissions of greenhouse gases will need to be drastically cut over the rest of this century if this goal is to be achieved . corso
competence should rest with the member state , allowing new entrants to existing fisheries , leading to pressures to reallocate currently guaranteed quota shares . restare
one particular deficiency in the road transport sector is in social regulations , one good example being those on driving and rest times , in the training of drivers , and especially , again , in safety . riposo
it is important not to confuse the attitudes represented by turkish diplomats and certain intellectuals and politicians with those found in the rest of turkey ’ s very class-divided society . resto
industry accounts for enormous quantities of waste whose precise composition is known and which at source could be treated separately from the rest of the waste flow . resto
i am not blaming the drivers , who do a quite outstanding job of work , but responsibility for this must surely rest with some official or other , some manager in the administration , who took 17 cars out of service for this week . incolpando
if neither that , nor the re-examination of the criteria by mutual agreement , is possible , a comitology procedure is set in motion , in which the decision rests with the commission , so people travel to brussels from 25 national capitals in order to decide whether or not the matter can , under the directive or a regulation , be referred to private bodies . spetta
i believe that , as with oil , the responsibility rests in the first instance with the companies . spetti
accordingly , madam vice-president , we support the commission in its investigations into the implementation measures , in particular with regard to the question of the provision of emergency resting places and crisis response places . rifugio
this is a matter of life and death , not just the ordinary rest and driving times on the road . riposo
it is a specific response to the numerous requests parliament has been making , in the interests of greater monitoring and compliance with social legislation in the road transport sector , particularly in relation to rest , since tiredness can become a risk element at any given moment and , therefore , affect safety . riposo
the specific legislation set out in the report issued by parliament at first reading in january 2003 of the legislative proposal on driving and rest periods are a good example of the concern and position of this parliament on this subject . riposo
mr turmes is right ; in the white paper , the commission found that compliance with the regulations on working conditions and rest and driving times in goods transport on roads is only patchy . riposo
the scope of the control to be carried out in industrial areas has been substantially extended , for example to the weekly driving times , the total driving times during two successive weeks , the weekly rest times and offset times . riposo
in its proposal , the commission fails to allow for what parliament contributed in the first reading on the implementation of the rest and driving times for professional lorry drivers . riposo
the fact my fellow meps agreed to reduce the permitted excess of the weekly maximum working time from 20 % to 10 % makes it all the harder for me to understand that in respect of excesses of the maximum driving times , the rest times and cases in which the minimum rest time is not provided they did not follow the percentage reduction . riposo
the figures that are to be monitored are of course the driving and rest times . riposo
. the establishment of the single market and the consequent liberalisation of the road transport sector and of short-sea shipping in the union have led to stiffer competition and to a substantial increase in the number of cases in which companies attempt to gain a competitive advantage by failing to comply with community legislation on driving and rest periods , as can be deduced from the significant increase in infringements recorded . riposo
we therefore rejected the amendments seeking to remove from the scope of this directive control over the maximum weekly working time , night working hours , weekly rest periods and driving times between these rest periods and a two-weekly limitation of driving hours as proposed by the commission in annex 1 . riposo
we in the european parliament want to be involved ; we have no wish to accept the implication in the draft constitution that all power over money matters tends to rest with the council , and we shall play our active role here . affidare
i also have a personal interest in the question of the contribution made by rural development to a policy of compensatory regional planning , and this house can rest assured that we shall continue to focus on the necessary measures in their entirety and that , as i have said , we shall be working on specific proposals for a regulation that we can present to parliament during the month of july . stare
thirdly , the sparsely populated regions in the extreme north of sweden and finland lose their objective 1 status under the proposal , and this must be called into question , as their geographical disadvantages exist regardless of the situation in the rest of europe . resto
in this regard , we have already talked about other chapters , both the infrastructures for interconnecting the iberian peninsula with the rest of the continent via france , which are needed , and also the regulation we have adopted , the application of which i hope will facilitate trade . resto
you may rest assured that this will get my undivided attention , but between 7 a.m. and now it has not been possible to resolve some of the questions that you have put to me . NULL
the decision on the settlement plan , presented by secretary-general annan , now rests ultimately with the people of cyprus . spetta
as the people of cyprus exercise their democratic rights , they will be fully aware of the historic nature of this decision and of the opportunities at hand for cyprus , for its neighbours and , indeed , for the rest of europe . resto
we will see to the rest later . resto
the decision now rests with the people of cyprus and is for them alone , freely exercising their democratic rights . spetta
the rest relate to work with various representatives of civil society to improve the access of citizens more generally to the democratic process . resto
the principles are laid down , but the rest is down to our member states . resto
i have talked about completing enlargement , because we have the immense pleasure of having the ten new states and their representatives in this parliament , but this must not lead us to forget that we have to fulfil our commitments to bulgaria and rumania and that we have the moral duty to complete the work of establishing peace that we have carried out in the rest of the balkans and incorporate those states into our european family . resto
in fact , at the same time as welcoming ten new members states , eight of which the soviet union had kept shut off from the rest of the world , we have been obliged to vote on a motion of censure aimed at penalising the commission for one of the many troubled episodes that have occurred throughout its history . resto
how we succeed in working with kaliningrad will dictate how we succeed in working with the rest of the world . resto
the greek cypriots should tell us their ideas to ensure that enlargement is completed and the rest of the european union must assist and remind them that this business cannot remain unfinished . resto
however , very recent statements by the ukrainian head of state , mr leonid kuchma , that kiev is currently giving priority to membership of the wto and nato rather than to accession to the european union , should serve to put mr elles ' mind at rest . tranquillizzare
i can only hope that the rest of us will listen , learn and be receptive . ricettivi
by way of example , i would just like to mention the driving and rest periods for road traffic and working periods in the transport sector . riposonel
the eu ’ s new citizens , in common with those of the rest of the eu , want to live freely in a safe and secure world . resto
mr watson , you may rest assured that the presidency will ensure that the rights of all the groups are fully respected . assicurarle
mr gollnisch , please rest assured that i will do so . ( 1 ) assicurarle
finally , taoiseach , you deserve a rest after all your hard work . riposo
for the rest , the debate has been very one-sided with few voices raised against the constitution , and the feeling that europe is becoming a civil power , as mrs sbarbati put it , is widely shared in this parliament . resto
for the rest of the work that you have set , time is short . resto
this , however , is precisely the philosophy that lisbon refutes , which is why it emphasises the rest . altri
they see it as creating a europe that is inward-looking , that is bureaucratic , that is restrictive , whereas we should be creating a community that is innovative and outward-looking , that reaches out to the rest of the world , that is flexible and democratic . resto
rest assured that you will have my support for any measure that goes in this direction . garantisco
in this parliament , the left has a problem : it is characterised by ideological decay , a problem as acute among the greens as it is among the rest . altri
thank you very much , mr toussas , you may rest assured that when we hold a minute ’ s silence tomorrow we will be thinking of all the child victims of terrorism from anywhere in the world . toussas
the consolidation of the european economy will continue to rest on a healthy macroeconomic policy geared towards stability and based on sustainable public finances , particularly in view of our demographic forecasts . fondarsi
in terms of counter-terrorism that expertise does not rest within the eu as such . antiterrorismo
expertise rests in countries such as the united kingdom and spain . spetta
when time appears to be against the iraqi people who want to be able to prepare the route towards democracy and the dismantling of terrorist networks operating in the country , we have no doubt that the eu and its member states share this commitment to support the iraqi people in reconstructing a country that is secure , democratic , unified and prosperous , a country at peace within its borders , a country that wants to re-establish working relations with its neighbours and with the rest of the world . resto
rest assured that we in the presidency , and in the council , are very aware of our responsibilities and will make every effort to ensure that this whole procedure will have a successful outcome . fuor
– i should like to ask the president-in-office if he would allow me to extend the search for the positive profile of europe somewhat , beyond the europe of the twenty-five to the rest of the world . resto
an abortion is a catastrophe for the mother , who is often emotionally scarred for the rest of her life . tutta
resources have thus been diverted , once again , from important activities , such as the fight against international terrorism and organised crime , and observing vessels used in drug-trafficking that use portuguese waters as a point of entry into the rest of europe . resto
the same was done by ireland , and , if i am not mistaken , even poland , not because there was any legal doubt about this issue but so that there would be certainty and all would have their minds at rest . tutti
the rest of the world will follow what the eu-25 does at the conference of the parties . resto
the rest of the text would have to be deleted because the australians have removed it from their proposal , although that will not preclude others retabling it at the conference of the parties , if necessary . restante
the world must not forget about the rest of the country , which is suffering from serious oppression . resto
we can rest assured only when we will see the consequences of these issues . tireremo
i call on the president of the maldives to make sure that she , along with the rest of the detainees , is treated humanely and not subjected to torture . altri
for the rest , europe has changed considerably compared with the 1980s and 1990s , as have the various governments ’ attitudes and policies on europe , as well . resto
rest assured that we will take all the measures we can . assicuro
at the end of my speech i made an appeal of a moral nature , but the rest was full of concrete , specific measures , which , if put into practice , must lead to positive results . resto
as for the rest , i very much want to hear my dear fellow member , mr barón crespo , chairman of the committee on international trade , and , of course , my other fellow members , as well as the replies – which i trust will be detailed – that the commission and the council may possibly provide . NULL
we must now help the rest of them to make greater use of both cotonou and everything but arms . altri
within the capitalist method of production , professional sport is a special case , because it accepts athletes at such young ages that they are prohibited from participating in the rest of production , educationally at least . altre
we moderates think it is wrong to use public funds to subsidise advertisements for agricultural products , both within the eu and in the rest of the world . resto
i am sure that mr buttiglione will fully comply with the treaty and the charter and i can confirm that the rest of the commissioners-designate share my view . altri
we are asking that the other branches of our european government recognise what our treaties recognise and what the european constitution recognises : that power in europe rests in some measure with this chamber and its elected members . detengono
even if tomorrow this house kicks it out , what we will get is a new set of political appointees , and it will still continue to look like a rest home for failed domestic politicians .  
we need mutual respect between all the institutions of the european union , and an understanding that power does not rest within one institution alone and that we are interdependent on each other . interdipendenti
the success of the european project rests on tolerance of diversity and difference and , if necessary , agreeing to disagree . dipende
nevertheless , in the event that there is evidence of unacceptable practices , you may rest assured that i would have the means to act . essere
with the constitutional treaty , our countries are giving a clear signal that they are taking responsibility in respect of the rest of the world and will continue unabatedly in their efforts to fight poverty , inequality and injustice . resto
by that i mean solidarity between the peoples of europe , but also solidarity between europe and the rest of the world . resto
we renew our trust in mr barroso in the certainty that his choices and the appointments made by the governments will comply with the people ’ s call for a transparent commission that respects the principle of subsidiarity and is able to uphold everyone ’ s rights , within the context of the overall interests of society from a european viewpoint , but also in the interests of the rest of the world . resto
the terrorists that are given shelter in pakistan are a threat , not only to india , but also to the rest of the world , and thus also to the european union . resto
in the shadow of these elections , however , a referendum was held , aimed at amending the constitution and making it possible for mr lukashenko to remain in power in belarus for the rest of his life . resto
today , the basque citizens and the citizens of the rest of spain continue to be amazed , perplexed and , above all , indignant to see no action being taken against this banned group with all the democratic force of the rule of law . resto
responsibility for the arms trade currently rests with member states , but the commission is fully associated with its consideration under the common foreign and security policy . spetta
the historic recovery we are witnessing is , on the whole , extraordinarily beneficial to the rest of the world . resto
it also submitted a draft regulation on direct trade between the northern part of cyprus and the rest of the eu . resto
having a strong eu delegation – composed of representatives of all the european institutions at the cop – gives the union an important opportunity to encourage the rest of the world to take more action now in response to the threat of climate change . resto
there are those who claim that the kyoto protocol to the un framework convention on climate change is destined to fail as the rest of the world waits for those nations already taking part to fall short of their obligations and so provide the perfect cover for their decision not to participate in the first place . resto
for once we can show the rest of the world that sustainable development is possible ; that we can find cost-effective means and measures and that we are willing to cooperate with each other . resto
get over it and stop imposing your stupid obsessions on the rest of the european parliament ! resto
for the rest , i would draw your attention to the action plan to be compiled by the european commission . resto
item 6 of the resolution is not , as i understand it , a criticism of france , but of the other countries in europe and the rest of the world which have left france to deal with this matter alone , very conveniently beating a retreat and shirking their responsibilities . resto
i respect the peaceful objectives of the buddhist tradition of tibet and realise that the rest of the world has much to learn from them . resto
i am glad that members from poland and other countries in the east that already , thank god , belong to the european union , are being more far-sighted about policy on ukraine than the rest of the eu . resto
it does not in any way address the interests of the ukrainian people , particularly the population from the western part of the country , which is highly reliant on the rest of the country given that cross-border trade has been in a state of collapse since ukraine ’ s neighbours joined the eu . resto
the kok report has shown quite emphatically that we cannot afford to rest on our laurels , but need to invest . dormire
they also failed to reach an agreement on rest periods for animals transported for meat and they failed to reach any agreement on stocking densities – the number of animals that can be put in one unit . NULL
we urge commissioner kyprianou and his colleague commissioner michel to put shoulders to the wheel and to close the door on the epidemic faced by europe and the rest of the world . resto
i must say that it truly satisfies and heartens me to hear that the honourable members not only share my acute concern on the subject of hiv / aids , but also my firm conviction that we need to make a full and effective contribution towards relieving the terrible hardship which is causing this epidemic , both in the rest of the world and in the european union . resto
the conflict in columbia is therefore political , economic and social , and anyone putting forward arguments about terrorism and all the rest is seeking to conceal the political problem and give this barbaric regime an alibi . resto
children who are the subject of abusing images carry their feelings of pain , guilt and suffering for the rest of their lives . resto
it is disgraceful that their resting place has been treated in this way . riposano
both turkey and the stable development of this country are important today not only for poland , but also for europe and for the rest of the world . resto
i am certainly in a position to judge that , and i congratulate turkey on it , but it will take many years before europe can rest assured that a new turkey , a different turkey , is joining the european union . essere
the second commitment which we certainly must re-evaluate relates to having the courage to reject an easy conformism that ignores the european union ’ s responsibilities in the world ; we must , instead , make europe a point of reference and a model for those in the rest of the world who are fighting to defend human rights and freedom . resto
the lisbon strategy is a splendid idea , but it has to be remembered that if europe is to compete with the rest of the world , its economy must be soundly based on freedom . resto
we have to make the rest of the internal market work better for consumers and businesses . imprese
europe should export its values to the rest of the world , but it should also respect the men and women who enable it to exist . mondo
the rest is to remain unchanged , as these were merely clarifications . resto
the countless young romanians who have supported him over recent months and are jubilantly filling the squares and streets of bucharest and the rest of the country are , regardless of their political affiliations , pinning on him their hopes for change and for a different , new and better future . resto
everything possible has to be done , then , to ensure that every child in romania , as in europe and the rest of the world , has the right to a peaceful , happy childhood and the right to smile with hope for the future . resto
so far we have been lucky : membership of the european union has tended to make bad apples wholesome but perhaps we will reach the point where the bad apples infect the rest . resto
the council is closely monitoring compliance by all parties with the demands expressed by the eu and the rest of the international community and the commitments it has undertaken with the un . resto
if enough member states adopt stricter rules then the political pressure – the peer pressure – on the rest would be much more evident and effective . altri
first of all , there is still a great deal of criticism of the means of regulation of the transport of breeding stock and the rest periods stated for this . riposo
animals must be transported as quickly as possible , and introducing the minimum possible number of rest periods for the transit of breeding stock , too – which is undertaken in the main in very favourable conditions – would be a step forward . riposo
telling member states in plain language that this is normal rest time would also be a great help . riposo
it brings no improvement in the journey times for animal transport , none in the rest periods and none in the maximum stocking density , and that could endure for years to come . riposo
animals that are not to be slaughtered should only be transported for eight hours without rest , food and a change of air , and the accommodation must be in order . riposo
if we are to have these checks , we need an infrastructure , and this infrastructure also means resting points , for which we must make provision , and loading stations where vehicles must be obliged to dock when the provisions on the protection of animals in transit are breached . sosta
for the rest , i refer to the speech i made yesterday during the debate in the house . resto
there are 2 500 houses for widows along with seven hospitals , and many facilities have been built , but what has happened to the rest of the money , some usd 400 million ? altre
mr president , though this house , in self-congratulatory euphoria , will embrace this constitution , thankfully the ultimate decision rests with the member states . autocelebrativa
this constitution will give us more democracy , more rights and more potential for a prosperous society in europe , and indeed for solidarity with the rest of the world . resto
the honourable member may rest assured that the commission has involved all member states in the efforts to avoid trade disruption , in particular the new member states . stare
the rest of the directive deals with any other areas . resto
i am of the opinion that , whatever its status , kosovo ’ s future rests within the eu . trovi
the responsibility rests with us all , but please let us not have any hypocrisy . ipocrisie
you can rest assured that all commission departments are mobilised in their particular areas to investigate what can be done in this regard . assicuro
this obviously affects relations between the united states and the rest of the world , including the european union . resto
america should not exploit its military superiority to impose its political will on the rest of the world and to place itself above international law . resto
we have nonetheless chosen to abstain in the vote on the resolution as a whole because it is , in general , aimed at strengthening the eu as a global actor in relation to the united states and the rest of the world . resto
in their relations with china , the commission and council must not work from the assumption that this is a big country with a fast-growing economy , but that this is a country which refuses to release colonised peoples , puts economic growth above anything else and for the rest also violates human rights . antepone
we are dealing with the oral amendment by the ppe-de group and then the amendment by the uen group – which mr schulz seems to be amending again – but not the rest of the revised amendment by the uen group , to which i think mr cohn-bendit is referring . resto
the root cause of this was the german-soviet pact of august 1939 , and responsibility for starting the second world war rests not only with germany , but also with russia , as the heir to the soviet union . grava
our understanding of fundamental freedoms and human rights , our rejection of the death penalty , of child labour and of discrimination of any kind , our concept of what it means to be human ; all these things know no borders , whether these be borders of countries or of continents , and it is in this sense that we also bear responsibility for what happens in the rest of the world . resto
the commission ’ s proposals are very welcome and i am pleased to hear that mrs kroes ’ words do no more than underline what we have written in our report , namely that we aim to reduce state aid on the one hand , and do away with unnecessary red tape , on the other , and that we are focusing on those things that really distort the internal market , which are , after all , detrimental to our economy and also , therefore , to the foundation on which public services rest . complesso
beginning with the key elements , it strikes me that there is potential conflict in the council seeking to authorise the member states to do what , in france ’ s case , they have already done , particularly in an area in which there is no clear guidance as to whether this power rests with the community or forms part of the exceptions enshrined in the treaty . rientri
if all member states are entitled to ratify the convention simultaneously , this will confirm ‘ in the eyes of the rest of the world the importance the community attaches to the convention ’ . resto
for the rest , i would concur with what the commissioner said in this respect , and we also greatly appreciate the commission ’ s commitment to those elections . resto
all of these rest largely on the progress of knowledge . fondano
the historically unparalleled demonstration of solidarity and generosity with which the rest of the world responded constituted a ray of hope in the middle of this tragedy . mondo
the rest of the world responded to the tsunami disaster by making extremely generous donations , whether on an individual , governmental or institutional basis . mondo
the recent chain of events is extremely worrying and reminiscent of the nepal of the rana oligarchs , a nepal whose human rights record the world had hoped was finally going to be laid to rest . tutto
whilst the primary responsibility for resolving the conflict in nepal rests with the local actors , we must not abandon them now . spetta
finally , our only intention with the rest of the amendments is for this parliament to reflect the concern at the problems faced by young people in terms of accessing the labour market , as well as the need to remove the fiscal and administrative barriers faced by european entrepreneurs . altri
for the rest , we are celebrating women 's day today . peraltro
so perhaps we are lucky to have mr mandelson as the trade commissioner ; after all , he is rather more competent than the rest of the shower in the european commission . branco
they must be given the same opportunity as the rest of us have been given . abbiamo
the lack of interconnection between the baltic states and the rest of the european union is a cause for concern . resto
therefore , an urgent task is to integrate the electricity network into the rest of europe . resto
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it will be impossible to achieve the objectives laid down by the lisbon strategy unless the european union radically changes the way it addresses the economic and social problems that characterise contemporary society in europe and the rest of the world . resto
the success of lisbon rests with you , mr barroso . mani
at a time when we are complaining , feeling we are experiencing a period of decline , the rest of the world is concerned about the us deficits , the trade deficit and budget deficit . resto
the idea of ‘ growth first – we can deal with the rest afterwards ’ is wrong and represents an unfortunate return to the debate that took place prior to the eu ’ s adoption of its sustainability strategy in gothenburg in 2001 . resto
i know that a heavy burden rests upon your shoulders – not , perhaps , broad ones in terms of your country – but i do hope you will be able to sort this out . larghe
it brings the future and the rest of the world into the frame as well . resto
i look forward to the rest of the debate . proseguimento
i support the broad thrust of this report and would add my words of congratulation to the rapporteur , with the rest of the house . altri
after consulting the rest of my group , i have withdrawn an amendment on this matter in view of the confusion it could have caused , in connection with the council . essermi
i shall now leave the rest of my speaking time to mr fruteau , who has worked very hard on this dossier . lascio
it would be a wrong signal to roll back our privileges to the ldcs , particularly in a year where we are trying to convince the rest of the developed world to follow our example and increase market access to developing countries . resto
we voted against it because we think it is bad for the european food industry : half a million european jobs depend on industries that use sugar and they will be facing higher sugar prices than the rest of their competitors throughout the world . altri
along with the rest of estonia , i am very familiar with the history of tibet , and with the events of 1959 in particular . estoni
the responsibility for defending the belarussian nation and its right to genuine independence , rather than a semblance of independence controlled by mr lukaschenko and his cronies , rests on our shoulders . sodali
mr president , the first ever nation-wide electoral process in the history of saudi arabia is under way , with the local elections in riyadh completed last month and continuing in the rest of the country until april . resto
the greek state and the competent construction agency , the thessaloniki county council , however , suddenly suspended completion of the centre for no apparent reason and refused to pay the rest of the money budgeted for it . resto
although all the legal procedures provided for were complied with on the part of the agencies involved , the greek state , as one of the implementing agencies , is jeopardising overall progress in the project and is depriving disabled athletes and the rest of the town from accessing , participating in and contributing to the cultural and sporting product being manufactured . resto
for the rest , it is important that not only governments , but also the lawyers and organisations involved , should be asked to assess compliance and for their assessments to be subsequently published , because only transparency will truly promote trust . NULL
here we are with what i will call , for the sake of simplicity – for the official nomenclature is very confusing – the rest and driving times regulation and the control directive . riposo
the way the committee voted did , however , show beyond any doubt that there is nevertheless a broad consensus among this house ’ s transport policy-makers as regards the rest and driving times regulation , which was adopted by two thirds of the votes , while the control directive received almost four fifths . riposo
let me start with the regulation on rest and driving times . riposo
where rest periods are concerned , the majority in this house is of one mind ; we want 12 hours . riposo
we do , though , very much want a degree of flexibility in the way these rest periods are observed , staggered and apportioned – i might add that that is what the drivers themselves say , and if you talk to their union , you will get that confirmed . periodi
having failed to get its regulation on the digital tachograph finished in time , the council had originally incorporated these leftovers – as i like to call them – into the regulation on rest and driving times . riposo
in this context , i should like to remind you of the three main aims of the commission when it formulated its proposal on driving times and rest periods for professional drivers . riposo
one obvious example is the amendment designed to permit a division of the daily rest period into four distinct parts . riposo
regardless of the dubious benefits of such an arrangement in terms of road safety , it would encourage inspectors to focus only on the main daily rest period and ignore the others . riposo
among other things , we were aiming at flexibility , and what has been proposed today by way of daily rest periods and ways of regulating them , are , i think , capable of being more readily monitored than what the council proposed . riposo
we are agreed , then , that we need rest periods totalling 12 hours a day , of which 9 are to be taken in one go . riposo
mr president , we in the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe attach a lot of importance to obtaining more effective control and enforcement of the rules on driving time and rest periods . riposo
we do not , however , think that there is any point in changing the provisions as such if this leads not to better rules but only to rules that are complex in a new way , for the regulation of driving time and rest periods is complicated , and must perhaps in the nature of things be so . riposo
these include applying the rules on driving time and rest periods to vehicles under 3.5 tonnes . riposo
with regard to long-distance drivers , we also think it right and important for the weekly rest period to be organised more flexibly than the council has proposed . riposo
this applies to the placing of reduced weekly rest periods and the compensatory rest periods . riposo
the alde group would like us to arrive at a situation in which an uninterrupted period of rest of 11 hours is obtained , but we do not , however , think that the council is right in thinking that the interrupted rest period needs only to be three plus nine hours . riposo
unfortunately , the draft contains proposals which further adversely affect opportunities for these road hauliers , such as the extension of the compulsory daily rest period or even the cumulation of such periods ; also , the opportunity for drivers to take reduced weekly rest periods outside the depot is being withdrawn and there is a proposal prohibiting the payment of a bonus to hauliers for distance covered even if this does not pose a threat to traffic safety . riposo
as for the rest of his rantings , they were as incomprehensible to me as they were to everybody else , and i notice that he has not bothered to stay for the rest of the debate . resto
proposals for rest hours will mean increased cost to the consumer and industry alike , reduced services and , in some cases , no service at all . riposo
that does mean , though , that i am dissatisfied with the position adopted by the committee on transport and tourism in respect of the regulation on driving times and rest periods . riposo
road safety requires that driving times and rest periods be enforced more effectively , but a good number of proposed changes go well beyond that and cannot be implemented . riposo
if we were to succeed in using european legislation to ensure that practices relating to driving and rest periods , which are often nothing short of scandalous , are conducted in a more orderly fashion , this would inevitably mean that the costs of employing people to work on the roads and on the railways would become more comparable , and that would be quite something . livellarsi
it may well be the case that luxembourg has imposed mandatory rest periods for ministers , yet i am more inclined to think that the problem lies elsewhere . riposo
the obligation to take a further rest period after six consecutive driving periods means that long-distance drivers often cannot return to their places of origin and that they therefore have to take their weekly rests during the journey . NULL
this is truly worthy of condemnation since the rest conditions often far from match those we might consider necessary for maintaining a reasonable quality of life : remaining confined and isolated in the rest area of a motorway , without accommodation or appropriate sanitary conditions , in a faraway country and , furthermore , with no possibility of leaving the vehicle out of fear of robbery . riposo
this situation is all the more horrendous given that , in theory , it is claimed that these measures are intended to guarantee adequate rest conditions . riposo
fourthly , the level of detail in the regulations , in particular with regard to work and rest periods and how they are to be divided up and separated , is a terrifying vision of bureaucracy that leaves almost no room for manoeuvre . riposo
the council insisted on confirming this date in the legal text on driving time and rest periods . riposo
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , no one in this chamber will disagree with me when i say that the protection of cultural diversity and artistic expression , not only in the eu but also in the rest of the world , deserves our undivided attention . resto
it is my heartfelt wish that the blessing of the lord may rest upon that country ’ s leaders and its inhabitants for the new year . benedica
what kind of anger is being passed on to new generations of sahrawis in the tindouf refugee camps involved in the resistance in occupied sahara , if they are not taken from the arms of fundamentalist radicals , if the eu , the united states , the arab world and the rest of the international community denies them an outlet for resolving their conflict , thereby condemning them to impotent despair in the face of injustice , violence and destitution ? resto
rest assured , though , the dutch labour part is as green as ever . assicurare
in addition to these priority projects , we will have to cofinance the rest of the network , in particular such technology projects as the european rail traffic management system ( ertms ) or the sesame air traffic control initiative . resto
lastly , as regards working time and rest time , there is no reason for parliament not to abide by the rulings made by the court of justice . riposo
for us the issue of on-call time as working time is also important , whether you are working in a burger bar or a hospital , and the compensatory rest element is also crucial , given that stress is one of the biggest causes of time off work and that is linked to working time . riposo
similarly , the court of justice of the european communities has imposed a rest period immediately after on-call time . riposo
i understand that the central objective of the eu is for each member state to bring to the table its experience and skills , its best practice and ideas , share with the rest and strengthen all . altri
thirdly , as for subsidiarity , at the moment , we are leaving it up to the member states to decide whether stand-by or rest time during on-call duty must be paid and , if so , how much , and whether allowance is made for them , and , if so , to what extent . riposo
generously , periods of compensatory rest at the end of 72 hours ’ work are guaranteed . riposo
it would be unacceptable to us , commissioner , if stand-by and rest times were to be excluded from working time , for that is the time during which the workers are at their employers ’ disposal , and what is more , exclusion of those hours would have major implications not only for the safety and health of workers , but also for patients in hospitals and the elderly in rest homes . riposo
in my view , the solution presented in the cercas report is an excellent one , treating periods of on-call duty as working time , in accordance with the court judgments , while proposing that we allow the stand-by and rest times to be calculated differently by collective agreement . riposo
this was an acknowledgement of the fact that the health and safety of workers must be protected , and that they must be given time to rest and the chance to raise a family , or in other words to produce more workers . riposare
the inclusion of inactive on-call time in the daily rest period of 11 hours and the weekly rest period of 24 hours will not be permitted . riposo
in particular , i should like to draw the house ’ s attention to amendments 16 and 18 , on compensatory rest , and amendment 19 , on the reference period . riposo
mr president , this parliament , like the rest of the world , has followed very closely the dramatic events in your country over the last quarter of a century . NULL
the rest has to be part of , i hope , an informed debate in each and every member state , where the ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ sides will be fully represented . NULL
we are supposed to liberalise our markets in fruit and vegetables , sugar and milk and everything else under the sun , and open them up to the rest of the world . resto
about a month ago , we also had a meeting with jeffrey sachs in the committee on development , and he asked why , given that the flow of money by way of aid from the eu is hugely greater than that from the rest of the world , the eu does not take more concerted action . resto
kyrgyzstan also serves as a transit point to south-west asian narcotic markets and narcotics bound for russia and the rest of europe . resto
and today , with three quarters of your mandate complete , the luxembourg presidency has already been a great success , and i am sure this will become even more the case over the rest of your presidency . rimanente
your words have also served to encourage the work of all the days celebrated by this institution , and it only remains for me to wish you and your wife a happy stay in strasbourg during the rest of your visit with us . rimarrete
unfortunately , the amendment to preserve the opt-out clause was defeated and thus the rest of europe is lining up to foist upon us a working time directive which is largely unsupported within the united kingdom . resto
according to the vvd delegation , the fact that europe prescribes that the total on-call duty , including stand-by and rest times , should be considered working time , is an example of interference from brussels which will only lose europe even more support , at the very time when it needs even more of it . riposo
the only help we received from the rest of the world in this process came by way of the arms race , which was won over time by the usa , and , in particular , through the success of reagan ’ s ‘ star wars ’ programme , which weakened the soviet union . NULL
maybe europe will not be able to fully put the past to rest unless a kind of nuremberg trial of communism is held , not in an attempt to open up old wounds but with the intention never to forget , with the future of our children and grandchildren in mind . spalle
what is more , the rest of europe initially sat back and did nothing while this was going on . resto
i believe that china ’ s astonishing economic growth will be good , not only for china but also for europe and for the rest of the world . resto
if we can work together to ensure that a rules-based economic system is respected and strengthened in the dda , then the rapid economic growth in china will benefit the eu and the rest of the world . resto
i therefore hope that , on behalf both of future generations of spaniards and of people in the rest of the world , the spanish government will now place itself in the forefront of combating climate change on our earth . resto
it is for this reason that only half of the mari people currently lives in the republic of mari el , with the rest scattered around russia and forced to integrate with the russian population . resto
no one wants to see europe assuming the role of big brother to the rest of the world , or for it to be overeager to see motes in the eyes of its neighbours ; what we want is for it to take a critical look at itself , and to carry out continual and critical assessments of the human rights situation within its own borders . resto
the eu should set an example to the rest of the world in the way it disburses funds , and , most importantly of all , it should meet all the standards for counteracting corruption . NULL
i do not intend to dwell on the details of individual issues , but i am willing to take your questions , and look forward with interest to the rest of the debate . resto
europe needs to play a role in the rest of the world . resto
certainly if liberalisation is on the increase , and we prescribe entirely different conditions for the rest of the world , it is unfair to expect european farmers to compete freely . resto
a huge responsibility rests on the larger beasts in the european jungle for the economic and social ills plaguing the union . giungla
the only remaining hope for nature conservation now rests with the life + fund . risiede
there is absolutely no point in paying lip service to democratisation in the rest of the world if , in practice , we do exactly the opposite by accommodating the wishes of a chinese regime that is still as dictatorial as in the days when it crushed the protests on tiananmen square . resto
the world ’ s leading exporter and the biggest market for the rest of the world , the european union is an economic giant that is still highly competitive . resto
as we now decide a suitable timetable and limit values for pah emissions passing into the rest of the environment , we have a challenging task before us . propagano
. – ladies and gentlemen , whenever i hear the name of the caucasian republic of azerbaijan , i think of enormous oil wealth and a presidential regime that is tough in comparison with the democracies in the rest of europe ; i also think of problems with neighbouring countries , in particular the conflict in nagorny karabakh . resto
there is perhaps more need than ever to take a few weeks ’ rest , to pause for reflection and to reflect upon how we are to move on . riposo
i congratulate the luxembourg presidency on having been , for almost six months , a good presidency , i could say a full presidency , without a moment ’ s rest , a committed presidency , a political presidency and an effective presidency . riposo
europe has every chance of setting an example to the rest of the world in this field , particularly since the information society plays a leading role in the lisbon strategy , the main objectives of which are growth and employment . resto
the pact is being quietly laid to rest , well away from the public eye . riposo
so we feel that we are perhaps rather more in touch with public opinion than all the rest of the groups in this parliament . altri
when you lecture the rest of europe about the merits of modernisation , competition and flexibility , yet leave out any reference at all to sustainability : it completely undermines any claims you make to be committed to sustainable development . NULL
i feel that issues of internet governance and mechanisms for financing the new technologies should be at the forefront of political debate in europe and the rest of the world . resto
but it points out where responsibility rests and it will be for member states to spell that out in detail so there is no uncertainty . si
we must remember that the primary responsibility for that at present rests with the member states . ricade
we simply cannot afford to allow africa to continue to drift away from the rest of the world . resto
it took a relatively short time after the war for our relations with the rest of the world to be restored , and that was because we admitted our responsibility for the heinous crimes committed in germany ’ s name . resto
the young people in the region have gained the right not to be left high and dry by us , but it is their politicians , their parents and grandparents upon whom the obligation rests of preparing for the day when they will be able to name the events at srebrenica as the crimes they were and to reach out the hand of reconciliation . spianare
the story of srebrenica has had an enormous impact in europe and the rest of the world , but particularly in my country , the netherlands , for it was dutch wearers of the un ’ s blue helmets who , at that time , appeared incapable of offering citizens , inhabitants and refugees the protection they needed . resto
let there be no doubt , though , that the responsibility for the future rests , in the first place , on the countries of the balkans themselves . mani
the public in the eu and in the rest of the world will doubtless react in such a way that makes it quite clear what they think about such hypocrisy . resto
by enacting a bill that blatantly violates international law , the people ’ s republic of china has made it clear to the rest of the world that the peking regime is not becoming more moderate as had been hoped , even though the country has allowed market forces to operate in parts of its economy and the west has become more open to contacts with china . resto
the victims are not just innocent civilians , mainly farmers and their offspring , who , if they survive , are damaged both psychologically and physically , and marked for the rest of their lives . resto
i think this is the first time that the people on the council benches outnumber the rest of parliament put together . altri
i will therefore remind you of the maxim that states that a trade policy with the rest of the world should be based on two principles : fairness and reciprocity . resto
the european union has to forcefully say to the rest of the world that there can be no free market without fair competition , and that in order for competition to be fair , the common rules must be respected . resto
we share the belief that , in order to satisfy what the commission said in its statement , we should look into the possibility of creating a regional integration area , we should support the rural world in these regions and , to this end , we should pave the way for independent exports of processed products and imported products under the special supply arrangements to third countries , neighbouring countries of course , or to the rest of the community . resto
i therefore hope that this house will approve the report by the committee on agriculture and rural development by a large majority and that these measures will continue to function to our benefit and to the benefit of the rest of the european union ’ s territory . resto
– mr president , the recent tragic aeroplane crashes in europe and the rest of the world , for the victims of which you too have just expressed your condolences , make it more than imperative that we redefine the dividing line between the need to liberalise and prevent distortion of competition in the civil aviation sector in europe and the even more pressing and legitimate demand for maximum possible safety standards to be maintained . altre
some of the assistance is already on site , whereas the rest is still being considered by the united states or is in the process of being dispatched . altri
we believe that the quota system should be abolished in the longer term and that the eu should open up trade with the rest of the world . resto
you can rest assured that we , the presidency , will make every effort to provide the appropriate information about cfsp to the european parliament on time and in an appropriate form . stare
the reason why i refer to this issue is that the fight against terrorism in europe is not an isolated struggle , and that we are not cut off from the rest of the world in the war against terror . resto
these ideas often explicitly deal with the relationship of europe , or the west , with the rest of the world . resto
however , if the security services openly state that they are targeting young , ethnic-minority men , the rest of society may also begin to view those who fit this profile with suspicion . resto
the responsibility for informing our peoples about the effects of sun on their skin should rest firmly with the member states and devolved governments . rimanere
it follows that our own countries , far from being able to rest upon the laurels they won in the past , must go down roads that are new and innovative for europe . dormire
the minister can rest assured that this parliament is equally as pleased as he is that he is here again today . stare
i would like to thank the european parliament for the attention it has given the commission ’ s services and you may rest assured that i will take all the necessary steps to ensure a more effective monitoring of all activities relating to tourism .  
be that as it may , you may rest assured that we shall apply every possible attention and determination to trying to put in place an arsenal of support instruments aimed at developing countries that want to invest in tourism . assicurarvi
rest assured that the commission will remain extremely vigilant , and i hope that , from now on , when we become aware of a problem and an appeal is made , we will find operator and partner organisations to enable us to work more swiftly . NULL
i believe we can say today , however , that the european parliament has gained in maturity , legitimacy , credibility and public visibility , and also that our cooperation with the commission rests upon solid foundations . regge
for them today comes too late , but for the rest of us it is hopefully a beginning . tutti
as a result , the part of europe cut off from the rest of europe by communism was able to regain its rightful place in the mainstream of our continent ’ s political history . resto
a minimum policy is all it should be , though , for the ultimate powers of decision on the recognition and admission of political refugees should still rest with the member states . rimanere
therefore , there is still some time to go , which is why i am saying that it is too early to judge today which – if any – funds would probably not be taken up , especially since it is always possible that there may be an excellent project that will consume the rest of the 2003 allocations before the end of this year . resto
the first thing i have been asked to do is to thank all those in this house who , over a period of many years , have campaigned for human rights and democracy in turkey , and that at a time when turkey , like the rest of the world , was waging the cold war , and when some of those talking about human rights today saw everything in turkey except the problems with human rights . resto
that is where matters rest at the moment – no further than that . fermi
the workers need to draw the necessary political conclusions , given that the statistic quoted in the relevant reports is this : that 60 % of chinese exports to the rest of the world come from foreign investments in china . resto
therefore the commission 's lisbon strategy , the strategy of growth , jobs and competitiveness set out last february , rests on three pillars : opening markets to drive productivity and innovation ; investing in education and research to enable us to compete ; and reforming labour markets and welfare states to get people into jobs , improve employability and skills and extend opportunities to those whom economic developments are leaving behind . poggia
i propose that , while the rest of the debate takes place this afternoon , the actual vote be postponed until the brussels part-session in two weeks ' time . resto
for its part , the commission is continuing to monitor respect for the rights of the various ethnic communities in vojvodina , as well as in the rest of serbia and montenegro . altre
vojvodina has benefited as much as the rest of serbia from eu assistance . altre
the polish fishing sector is of the opinion that the rest of europe believes driftnets represent a serious threat to marine mammals , particularly porpoises , if these nets are used for salmon fishing . resto
i have already thanked the members responsible , the rest of the committee on fisheries and the european commission ’ s experts . rimanenti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i ought really , according to the german working time directive , to have been on a rest break for the past six hours and 26 minutes , but the debate is nevertheless a very interesting one . pausa
i believe we need central supplies under the solidarity fund which he and the ecdc can then direct swiftly to where they are needed , so that we can smother the outbreak and prevent it hitting the rest of us even more seriously . cepcm
i want to ask the commissioner the same question i asked him last time we debated this issue , and that concerns the rest of the world . resto
the ombudsman should rest assured that in time he will be bombarded with our complaints . stare
although the initiative for the cooperation council meeting rests with the member states , the commission takes the view that the meeting could be maintained in order not to sever our political dialogue with uzbekistan altogether . NULL
finally , capital punishment in china has to go , just as it has to go in the usa and the rest of the world . resto
the second answer to the challenges of globalisation is that the eu must increase and promote the use of the social dialogue in both the eu and the rest of the world . resto
in the rest of the world , the social dialogue will mean that labour market conditions are improved , for the eu also has an obligation to bring about social progress throughout the world . resto
when the central and eastern european states acceded to the european union , west germany ’ s former suppliers – the producers of dollar bananas – thought they could now supply the rest of the eu . resto
in 1993 , the union decided to establish its own import regime and a common organisation of the market for bananas that is completely different to the common organisation of the market that governs the rest of the fruit and vegetable sector . resto
let us not forget , either , solidarity between men and women , solidarity between the most prosperous member states and the less prosperous ones and solidarity between the european union and the rest of the world , in particular with regard to developing countries . resto
the decision as to whether to contribute monies to the funds we need to implement these important measures rests with them . sta
more recently , while stocks have declined , demand from primarily the far east , the baltic states and the rest of europe have removed elvers from the local menu as they have been exported to eel farms . resto
the criteria for opting out have certainly been retouched , but the final ruling on applications for authorisation not to participate in data sharing rests with the chemicals agency . ritoccati
simply compare this three-day voting period with that country ’ s experience under the 35 years of the ba 'athist regime , with no elections whatsoever for the first 12 years and mock elections for the rest . baathista
today ’ s debate here in strasbourg will allow us to take stock of the current situation and offer us a further opportunity to demonstrate to the rest of the world that the eu takes this problem very seriously and is committed to delivering results . resto
we cannot just march into montreal and dictate to the rest of the world how they should conduct themselves and go about their business , not least when we are talking to some of the poorest and most vulnerable countries in the world whose priority , quite rightly , is development and feeding their populations . resto
mr andersson , your comment shall now appear in the minutes and in the voting list , and you may therefore rest assured that the matter is clear .  
in any event , if you remain unconvinced , when the sitting is over the deputy secretary general and the members who assist me in the bureau will explain it to you in private to put your mind at rest . vicesegretario
i believe that i have been in politics longer than you , so rest assured that you will not trap me by dragging me into a heretical debate , because this is indeed a heretical debate . garantisco
the eu has already contributed substantially , but we must do more , much more , and so should the rest of the international community . resto
the results achieved in hong kong will in the end have a local effect and will directly affect the daily lives of the citizens , both in the union and in the rest of the world . resto
as always , the rest of the world , the world that is suffering , is waiting for us to act . resto
when even the oppressed continue with the oppression , the rest of the world has to intervene in the issue of human rights . resto
only 100 of the 2 000 people arrested were foreigners , while most of the rest were immigrants with french passports . rimanenti
we have had magnificent support from members of parliament , and i hope members have enjoyed seeing just how good scotland is and what great produce we have to offer the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , it is essential that we apply the same standards in europe in terms of cofinancing under the motto ‘ what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander ’ . resto
the industry is not , at this point , in a position to supply the quantities required by the member states and by the rest of the world . resto
i feel that the commission will make use of that precedent , and mr frattini can rest assured that parliament , for its part , will also make use of it . star
mr salafranca , you may rest assured that the presidency and all the bodies of parliament have done everything they can to put pressure on the cuban authorities and ensure that this permission is granted . assicuro
i cannot guarantee any result , but i would like you to rest assured that the presidency has made every possible effort to ensure that the winners of the sakharov prize can come here to receive it . assicurarvi
i am confident that the rest of the codecision process will allow a further fine-tuning of the right mix of policy measures , which are needed to protect our environment from battery pollution in the most eco-efficient way . NULL
i wish to state clearly that we are facing an exceptional situation in spain and in the rest of europe , which , we should remember , has led to formal protests by seventeen european union ambassadors . resto
we are setting an example to the rest of the world , because serious and effective measures need to be taken , with climate change threatening us all . resto
one aspect of last week ’ s proposals which concerns the commission is the creation of parallel rules : one set for the europe of 15 , one set for the rest . altri
but in the next financial perspectives , we have to accommodate bulgaria and romania in all the institutions : in the commission , in parliament , in all the rest . altre
as the consensus on development shows , however , this is not the time for us to rest on our laurels : we must not only spend the money but also spend that money well . riposare
last weekend the london published mr blair ’ s next speech in brussels , which included the words : ‘ here you breathe the sweet smell of belgium ’ s unique brand of corruption , which it has generously bestowed on the rest of europe ’ . resto
we must speak out , write and insist ; we must not take a moment ’ s rest in order to keep europe on the agenda . scriviamo
the fact is that what is at stake here is nothing more or less than the defence of the most fundamental values upon which the european union rests . fondata
if the government of a member state gave active assistance to , or even merely abetted , the usa ’ s abduction of people , as part of the so-called war on terror , in order that they might be tortured in secret locations , then that government has abandoned the fundamental consensus on which the european union rests and on which membership of it depends , and that is what must be examined in minute detail . basa
the system , blocked due to this parliament ’ s budgetary debate , did the rest and dealt the final blow . resto
i would also request that , where the text simply refers to ‘ the summit ’ , we add ‘ the wsis ’ in brackets , to be consistent with the rest of the resolution and in order to avoid confusion if isolated paragraphs of the text are quoted . resto
the scandalous behaviour in this sense is not only that of the us government , but the blame must also rest with the eu officials and the eu governments in the know . biasimo
people laboured under the illusion that , for hong kong , this would mean that , unlike in the rest of china , a parliamentary democracy on the basis of universal suffrage and a multi-party system could exist . resto
it was thought that it could thus be a trial area for future developments in the rest of china . resto
we have much to do on this , colleagues , so i would , in closing – as i believe the last mep speaker of 2005 – wish you all a restful holiday , a happy hogmanay as we call new year in scotland , and i look forward to seeing you in 2006 when we will be able to redouble our efforts on this dreadful situation . serena
mr president , homophobia is not only a big problem in some member states , but also in the rest of europe too . intera
however , we cannot rest on our laurels . dormire
we have to get european ports to compete properly with the rest of the world . resto
the fact that people are calling for white papers or even green papers is evidence of a desire in this house for five years ’ rest from being europe ’ s legislator . pausa
thirdly and lastly , the commission should also consult and inform all parties involved in the aviation industry and the european parliament during the negotiations about the many fresh aviation agreements which will be concluded between europe and the rest of the world in the next few years . resto
the report tabled by mr el khadraoui provides us with a basis for a common eu aviation policy towards the rest of the world . resto
in this regard , i would like the commissioner to tell us about the current situation of the conversion of the jar ops to eu ops , that is to say , all the rules on flying times and rest times following the agreement reached in the council , which we also believe to be important within the framework of the negotiation of the union ’ s foreign policy in the aviation field . riposo
it is dangerous because it will result in the eu becoming dependent on sugar supplies from the rest of the world , which will be to the detriment of our continent ’ s food security . resto
commissioner , in its 2004 report , the european environment agency stated that the temperature in europe had increased by one degree above the average for the rest of the world . resto
the honourable member may rest assured that this forms only part of our overall deliberative process and does not in any way commit the commission to making a proposal one way or the other . deliberativo
sustainable development concerns all union policies , including , in particular , cooperation with the rest of the world . resto
what contribution will the presidency make to support the committee of inquiry of the european parliament and the council of europe and to spell out to the united states and the rest of the world that europe is not a place where any imperial power can feel free to do as it likes . resto
a common environmental policy is needed within the union , just as it is also needed by the union in relation to the rest of the world , because it is one of the duties and objectives that we set ourselves during the convention ’ s work on the treaty . resto
you can rest assured that the commission and myself will not support any proposal for enhanced cooperation outside the european union institutional framework . assicuro
all of this , of course , under the guise of considerable measures to put the mind of public opinion at rest . rassicurare
rest assured , the council will raise those concerns and we will be monitoring the position of non-governmental organisations in russia very closely . state
this new type of question time aims to deal first with current topics of general interest and then to spend the rest of the time discussing a particular specialist field , in other words to raise questions to be answered in person by the president-in-office responsible for that field . rimanente
i was sorry to see paragraph 43 of the report , which rather churlishly lumps these countries in with the rest of our neighbours and / or puts them on a par with andorra and the vatican state . resto
even if sharon has gone , a large new party has been born representing a section of the israeli right that is willing to move towards peace because its mind has been put at rest . rassicurata
and these very members did not come to parliament to rest , but are working very responsibly and effectively , since they know how to work with a feeling for the needs of the individual , and they also have a feeling for the community . riposarsi
at the cost of a few million euros , probably amounting to only a small fraction of one percentage point of our budget , we could have prevented one million children from living in total darkness for the rest of their lives . resto
several of the refugees died and the fate of the rest of the group , which included women and children , is unfortunately unknown . deceduti
i hope that this will not set a trend for the rest of the year and hope that , each month , we will see new elements constantly being added to the foreign agenda . resto
mr president , i could almost feel my good friend mr solana ’ s pain when you outlined what happened in the first month of this year , imagining that if the rest of the year is going to be like the first month , then it is not going to be easy ! resto
the country makes great claims for itself and has , for years , served as an example to the rest of latin america in the areas of education , health care and other public services , as well as the protection of the most vulnerable sections of the population . resto
in terms of democracy and human rights , it was certainly not worse off than the rest of latin america used to be . resto
may they rest in peace . riposino
one basic condition for enabling postal services to be used in the future by people living in sparsely populated regions is that services be priced at a level comparable with that applicable in the rest of the country . resto
its presentation of the dossier we are debating today – on driving times and drivers ’ rest periods and the associated directive on the monitoring of compliance with the conditions imposed by the first directive – did , of course , offer a good opportunity to turn good intentions into practical policies . riposo
fourthly , the regular daily rest period is equivalent to eleven hours , either consecutively or divided into two periods of three and nine hours respectively . riposo
this is in response to the desire for more flexibility expressed by the drivers , who will be able to use the rest periods in very different ways in the different climate conditions that prevail in winter and summer respectively . riposo
the fifth point is that the regulated rest time in a given week is fixed at a minimum of 45 hours , and the sixth that the report introduces the digital tachograph , thereby making possible extended and improved monitoring of compliance with the regulations . riposo
the second is that there are only two references to the working time directive , yet compliance with its provisions is not monitored at the same time as compliance with the rules on driving times and rest periods . riposo
secondly , i would ask them to help coordinate the various bodies that monitor driving times , rest times and working times , and , thirdly , to organise , together with the member states and the social partners , seminars on this new legislation in order to get it implemented as soon as possible . riposo
we regard driving times and drivers ’ rest periods as a safety issue , and anything that highlights or improves safety as a step in the right direction , and it is for that reason that i would like to thank the rapporteur , the members of the committee on transport and tourism , and also the commission , for i do believe that all of them – different though their expectations may have been – were working together with one end in mind . NULL
we had , of course , expected rather more of that , but we have to bear in mind what is possible , and if we have got so far as to get , tomorrow , 42 countries – 25 eu member states plus the other european states – to accept such things through the aetr agreement , then we have sent a clear message to the outside world where safety is concerned , for safety is what driving times and rest periods are all about , and that means the safety not just of drivers , but of all riposo
it was a curious experience to discover that , even though we were talking about driving times and rest periods in road transport , nobody had ever defined what is meant by ‘ driving time ’ . riposo
we also , though , did more important things than that , in that we made it quite plain that the whole time spent either driving or resting must be capable of being monitored . riposo
i am much obliged to the commissioner for , as i see it , sending a clear signal that our primary concern , where driving times and rest periods are concerned , is with safety followed in second place by unfair competition . riposo
it is for that reason that compliance with the working time directive must be monitored as well as driving and rest times checked up on . riposo
driving and resting times , working time and monitoring belong together . riposo
mr president , commissioner , throughout the work on these two directives , the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe has been an adherent of more stringent monitoring of compliance with the rules on driving and resting times , and we welcome the digital tachograph , for there is a need for more uniform and consistent enforcement of the rules . riposo
we have , however , been more sceptical about significant changes to the rules themselves , where driving and resting times are concerned . riposo
i think that the farce now needs to come to an end , and i would therefore conclude by putting the following question to commissioner barrot : will you guarantee that when , in a year ’ s time , the new legislation on driving and resting times is brought into force , account will be taken of the problems involved in converting the digital tachographs from the present rules to the new ones ? riposo
serious consideration will also need to be given to the new problem of companies in some member states not compensating their staff for compulsory resting times or reimburse them for essential expenses incurred for accommodation . riposo
there are insufficient rest areas for drivers ; there are insufficient incentives for training . riposo
not enough consideration was given to the fact that what really mattered was not so much the rules on driving times and resting times as their enforcement and the different ways in which they were interpreted . riposo
thank god , the daily rest period remained restricted to 11 hours . riposo
i would particularly refer to the 11 hours of daily rest time and directive 2002 / 15 / ec that has been left out of the equation . riposo
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i wonder how familiar the people of thuringia are with the european regulation on driving times and rest periods . riposo
thus , a heavy goods vehicle could be kept moving non-stop by three underpaid drivers : the first drives , the second takes his rest break on the adjacent seat in the cab and the third takes his weekly rest break on the back seat , behind the driver . pausa
i regard the new system as being very much to be welcomed – after all , it is intended , in combination with information and communications systems , to be a simple fleet management tool and to be indispensable in enforcing professional drivers driving times and rest periods . riposo
mr president , while we regard the agreement on driving times and resting times that was concluded by the council and parliament last december as an acceptable one , it is not the most attractive solution . riposo
it contains a readily workable break regulation – 11 hours instead of 12 hours of rest – and allows drivers to decide for themselves where to sleep rather than having parliament deciding the matter for them . riposo
mr president , we have already today heard a great deal about the essential objectives of these two pieces of legislation , which we will shortly be voting on : more safety on europe ’ s main traffic arteries , observance of rules on working and rest periods – with the consequent improvement in protection for drivers and in their social rights – and fairer competition across the board . riposo
we did not perhaps completely resolve every issue , but the proposal we now have on driving and resting times is a good one . riposo
a clear limit on weekly driving times , the impossibility of bypassing rest breaks , a simplified daily rest period , regular weekly rest periods , a standard policy in relation to interpreting and applying the regulation , the extraterritoriality of penalties and greater accountability throughout the transport chain : these are the main breakthroughs in the regulation . pause
i am delighted that drivers are granted guaranteed rest periods , and i believe that checking their implementation is also important . NULL
it establishes that all new vehicles should be fitted with digital tachographs and it defines a ‘ regular daily rest period ’ as any uninterrupted period of rest of at least 11 hours , which alternatively may be taken in two periods . riposo
. meps from the portuguese communist party , in conjunction with representative organisations of motorway and urban transport workers , have long campaigned to improve the labour rights of professional drivers , in order to ensure that legal working hours and rest periods for drivers are adhered to , and that the sacred cow of competition , in its exploitative voracity , does not undermine those rights . riposo
as the unions have pointed out , although the regulation that has just been adopted may improve working conditions in some countries , it falls short of the collective working regulation in force in portugal concerning the organisation of working time , the determination of minimum daily and weekly rest periods , and the monitoring thereof . riposo
what is more , the ‘ new ’ concepts of reduced rest periods make the task of monitoring compliance with minimum rest periods more difficult and make it more likely that drivers ’ working days and weeks will be overloaded . riposo
we may at last have achieved standardised driving times and rest periods in the road transport sector , but the final version does not incorporate , among other features that are of importance to me , comprehensive references to the working time directive . riposo
we may at last have achieved standardised driving times and rest periods in the road transport sector , but the final version does not incorporate , among other important features , comprehensive references to the working time directive . riposo
for example , in my country , france , as in the rest of the eu , the tyranny of political correctness is becoming completely intolerable . resto
may i close by pointing out that for energy purposes it is prudent to use only wood waste that is unsuitable for recycling , while the rest can be processed into useful raw materials . resto
if the agreed changes are adopted , the trade unionists demonstrating in front of this building can rest easy . dormire
this directive ’ s objective is to make a strong european economy , not with a view to competing against each other , but with a view to competing against the rest of the world . resto
the aim is to strike a balance between consumer and employers ’ interests and to position our economy well compared to the rest of the world . resto
i believe that mr whitehead would have been proud of mrs gebhardt and the rest of us . tutti
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i too am taking the floor to explain why i shall vote for this directive , together with the rest of my delegation . unitamente
mr president , perhaps you could explain to me and the rest of the house how your great vision of democratic inclusion and participation can be achieved by centralisation and exclusion ? resto
fifteen minutes ’ speaking time , therefore , for the institutions and the rest for parliament seems legitimate to me . resto
– mr president , the attempt by the czech government to ban the czech communist youth movement because it projects the perception of class struggle and of marxism and leninism is an insult and has provoked the indignation of thousands of democratic people in europe and the rest of the world . mondo
in this respect , the responsibility rests solely with the companies – they must produce and they must help their employees to anticipate by providing them with continuing training . esclusivamente
the rest of the amendment will remain unchanged . resto
all the rest is mere political correctness . resto
i therefore look forward to the rest of the debate , following which i will have a few other things to say in my concluding statement . prosieguo
will the council name and shame the member states that are blocking the framework decision on procedural rights , which would set to rest any concerns about violations of fundamental rights in this measure ? dissiperebbe
it is now no longer part of that treaty , partly because it feels exiled from the rest of the world . resto
the irony is that this so-called patriotism – thinly disguised economic nationalism – will bring as few benefits to the citizens of france , spain or poland as it does to the rest of europe , for it is fair competition that drives the global market , raises quality and lowers prices , and it is fair competition that protectionism undermines . resto
the opportunities for business to innovate and meet the demands of the higher standards that we expect in our environment will stand them in good stead vis-à-vis the rest of the world . resto
we do not want a directory of five big countries that rule the rest . altri
the eu perspective is the key to a sustainable settlement for kosovo and to democratic development in serbia and the rest of the region . resto
this means that we can by no means rest on our laurels – and , indeed , we are not doing – but rather must set ourselves the task of continuing work on all the fields that mrs madeira cited – health care , social dialogue , sustainability , gender issues , opportunities for education and many other issues . adagiarci
this was the case with the human rights council : agreement was reached simply on its creation , the rest remained in the air . resto
if we ask our farmers to respect animal welfare standards , environmental objectives , and suchlike , then it would be very unfair to expect those farmers to compete with the rest of the world , with farmers who do not need to adhere to those same standards . resto
that must be a priority for us , but it must not be a priority which destroys the rest of our health work . resto
the decision to phase out export subsidies is all well and good , but we must also look at the rest of the subsidy arrangements , including subsidies for rural districts . altri
we shall be on time and , in light of what mr kindermann has said , i would point out that for many of the species that are included in the agreement a biological rest period begins this month and next month , and they will not therefore be affected . riposo
finally , the quest for simplification must also lead to the implementation of legislation that is better drawn up , whereby parliament defines the principles and the rest is left to comitology . resto
firstly , the initiative rests with the commission , but behind every commissioner , there is , of course , the general management and the officials who are part of it . spetta
you can rest assured that bulgaria will be taking those measures into account in its legislation , as it is part of its deal to acquire full membership of the european union . stare
the definitive viewpoint on any notified law must understandably rest with the court of justice in luxembourg . notificata
in fact , we must develop a multi-faceted , honest and democratic europe that is open towards the rest of the world . resto
you may rest assured that the european parliament will continue to support human rights and democracy in your country . assicuro
the rest are loans , taking the figures up to 10 billion for research , 20 for the trans-european networks , 30 for small and medium-sized businesses – all in all , eur 60 billion . NULL
it is with you , mr schüssel , that responsibility rests for our having an objective debate , and you cannot simply retreat and shelter behind national independence .  
mr blair talks the talk ; he says he is leading the way and that the rest of europe is falling into line , but i think he deludes himself – and not for the first time . resto
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , grateful though i am for the words of encouragement that have been spoken at the mid-point of the austrian presidency , we are not resting on our laurels – in any case , there are none – but want to carry on working hard alongside you . adagiamo
its ideological arsenal rests on two pillars : on sanctifying capitalist barbarity , as the only way forward for the peoples , and on anti-communism , by reintroducing through the back door the ' memorandum ' equating fascism with communism . fonda
let us remember that , at a time when some of us are beginning to have doubts , the rest of the world is dreaming of europe . resto
however , the primary responsibility rests with the two parties and we – the international community – have to support them in following this path . incombe
we will not leave the people of belarus in the lurch and we will not rest until – as mrs plassnik said – spring arrives in that country . pace
we fully share the view expressed by many of you that students have to be helped , not least because they have been the platform , the basis and the bulk of those who have protested peacefully after the elections , but also because the cementing of democracy will rest very much on their shoulders . nerbo
that should demonstrate to the rest of the world that europe takes this issue seriously and will support a significant response to the crisis . resto
there is a huge moral question about how we reject the rest , but take the best . resto
i am especially grateful to the chairman of the committee on agriculture and rural development , joseph daul , as well as to the rest of the committee for their rapid contribution and opinion on the commission proposal . altri
now , in their hundreds of thousands , they are being tortured , killed and the rest have fled their homes , and yet we will make another resolution here . altri
if it does not show the way to democratisation for the rest of that region , its future will be condemned in advance . resto
the rest – as i think everyone understands – is not democratic ; it is blatant intervention in the internal affairs of a country . resto
i was particularly moved by what commissioner piebalgs said in his opening statement about the people who went in immediately after the accident to do the clean-up work , to try to put concrete into the sarcophagus , and to try to protect the rest of the population . resto
the rapporteur has said that for many years we have been stating our good intentions towards latin america , which is experiencing complex times both internally and in its relations with the rest of the world . resto
however , it is important not to forget the rest of the world . resto
the rest is just pretty words . resto
almost 100 million people are currently watching live – not here , but inside in front of the television where the rest of the world is – watching barcelona against milan ; the score is 0 : 0 , by the way . resto
english , spanish , portuguese and french , in that order , along with , to some extent , german and italian , are special vehicles of communication with the rest of the world and as such deserve preferential support and encouragement from the eu . resto
you said that we were going to move on to the second phase of plan d ; the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats is going to make a proposal to you : we are no longer calling it a discussion , because a discussion that lasts for too long can give the impression that we are having a rest and not doing much more ; let us call it an analysis , because i think that what follows an analysis is a proposal , which is what you are referring definiamola
all your posturing about the completion of the internal market will not help to defuse the prejudice against the new treaty , which is prompting people to spread rumours about this being a superstate , a neoliberal concept , about the unbridled centralisation and militarisation of the eu , and this ‘ plan d ’ is doing nothing to lay these prejudices to rest . tacere
– mr president , while i , in principle , welcome the compromise on which we have voted today , it must not be forgotten that primary responsibility for addressing the problem of obesity , especially among children , rests with the state . spetta
that is even more the case for the candidatures of other countries such as macedonia , the rest of the balkans , moldova and ukraine . resto
but what of the implications for the rest of us ? noialtri
if we say that 2007 will be the year , then that would take the pressure off , but if we say that 2008 will be the year , then that would equally take the pressure off , for then people will know that they can join in 2008 come what may and that they can rest on their laurels . dormire
today , mr president , the responsibility for the final outcome rests with the governments and political forces in these two countries . incombe
had she been here , i know i would not have managed to convince mrs roth-behrendt of my point that fishmeal is good as a ruminant food , but i hope that i have provided the rest of my colleagues with food for thought . resto
furthermore , with the establishment of the fund we are creating a completely false impression that it is possible to protect the eu from the rest of the world . resto
this means that expenditure will increase more than revenue , especially if account is taken of the fact that most of the new member states have a much lower per capita income than the rest . altri
you may rest assured , mr president , that this parliament will honour your invitation and will be up to the task of resolving the difficulties facing us , through its democratic strength . essere
if we really want to consider human rights , we will not do so in this house ; let us go to the rest rooms so you can see the women working there . bagni
it is important that we can continue to say the same in the future , to make this clear to the rest of the world , and to make it into an example to be followed . resto
i also welcome the concession by the commission – and i gather the council will also fall into line on this – to set up a dedicated instrument for human rights and democracy that will facilitate the eu ’ s priority support for building greater values of human rights , democracy and freedom in the rest of the world . resto
i rest my case . nulla
the european union should also exercise its influence directly on the united states , which is completely ignoring and infringing the kyoto protocol and continuing its destructive action , which affects both european citizens and the citizens of the rest of the world . resto
through this same hard work and willingness to interact peacefully with the rest of the world , it is becoming a significant economic player globally . resto
quibbling over the clause in the treaty will resolve little , and change rests , in any case , on the same unanimity which has led to inaction up to now . dipende
is it , mr verhofstadt , because you are so embarrassed and ashamed that your own country is falling to pieces , that you come along here to encourage the rest of us to self-destruct as well ? resto
i broadly support his twin-track approach , which amounts to continuing the ratification process while at the same time taking initiatives rather than resting on our laurels . dormire
as someone , i think it was my predecessor , jean-luc dehaene , said : i am not advocating enlargement now and not doing all the rest , i am advocating doing both at the same time . resto
finally , it is very easy to focus on guantanamo bay , which is a well-organised location with a limited number of prisoners , but people lacking any rights is , of course , also a common phenomenon in the rest of the world , because prisoners are increasingly being transported , also to other parts of europe – as someone mentioned a moment ago – and i hope that the governments are prepared to consider what their own part , albeit passive , has been in this . resto
this must be the best way to face up to and contribute to globalisation and to help bring about a strong global economy , not just for ourselves but for the rest of the world too . resto
it is not so much tariffs , anymore , that stand in the way of growth in this relationship ; it is non-tariff barriers , regulatory barriers , differences in standards and licensing and all the rest . via
in parallel there is a need to increase awareness among the rest of the world of the cultures and values of the union , in order to foster mutual understanding . resto
every state , both in the eu and in the rest of the world , has the right to own and shape its own development . resto
for all the rest , limiting our possibilities means depriving many people of the hope of a better future . resto
for the rest , since prevention is better than cure , it is important to provide adequate responses in the event of an outbreak . resto
the honourable member can rest assured that the commission is investigating this case very carefully – like all other cases , by the way – in order to assess the impact of this operation on the european energy sector , and in particular in belgium and in france , where those parties have a very important market position . essere
you can rest assured that the consumer plays a key role in competition policy , because in the final analysis , the consumer benefits a very great deal from our approach , which involves fair competition and a good positioning of groups within the market . stare
mr president , the success of this week ’ s summit rests , first and foremost , on delivering on one concept : democratisation . dipende
the time has come to apply the clause of article 42 and shift policies from the third to the first pillar , as proposed by the commission in its communication of 10 may , for our reputation – indeed our influence – rests on upholding values like democracy , liberty and respect for human rights . passerella
as for the third question – as to whether the council is to propose the european union ’ s 1998 code of conduct on weapons exports as a possible blueprint for the future arms trade treaty , i can tell you that the council ’ s publicised support for the arms trade treaty is not intended as an attempt by the european union to impose its own standards on the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , i am pleased about the attention that is being devoted to the importance of the full participation of those involved , namely the community , member states , industry and railway companies . resto
in the end what matters is that the cost of capital in the eu remains as low as possible overall for all eu economic actors , that european union financial markets are properly regulated by european regulators , that european union markets can grow strongly , that cross-border clearing and settlement costs are significantly reduced and that the european union , through its new regulatory regime , can influence and develop strongly its financial relations with the rest of the world , using its good emerging model of regulation as its passport . resto
i voted against it also because i do not think that in such a document there should be direct references to individual member states and their governments or that they should be exhorted to follow different approaches , since everything rests in the hands of the voters who elected these governments . esortarli
the rest of the population is forced to abide by a rationing system , the so-called public distribution system , that has been designed in such a way as to ensure that everyone remains immobile and obedient . resto
matti vanhanen and his team and erkki tuomioja and all the rest will do so just as we have , as will the germans thereafter . altri
spain , which should have been one of the founder nations of the european union , found itself against the will of its people separated from the rest of europe for half a century . resto
much of the rest of the region has also benefited . resto
that would be true , in particular , for island regions , which have neither road nor rail links with the rest of the eu , and even more so for the outermost regions , in which people depend exclusively on air transport in order to get about . resto
until very recently , there was controversy about sections o and q , which deal with the training of cabin crew and the working hours , in-flight hours and rest periods of pilots , and that is not surprising , since this is where the safety issues also touch upon the social benefits of the persons concerned . riposo
the commission , in agreement with parliament , feels it necessary to assess the consequences in terms of safety and fatigue of the provisions concerning flight and duty time limitations and rest periods . riposo
regulations on working time must be backed up medically and scientifically within easa by europe ’ s foremost experts in the field of working time , rest , sleep and fatigue . riposo
the amendment makes full provision for the flying times , working times and rest periods of the cockpit and cabin crew and limits their maximum time on duty in the air to 13 and 11 hours respectively . riposo
i can still remember how , at the beginning of this debate , which i experienced with mr simpson in a different capacity , we were presented with a text to harmonise the technical rules and administrative procedures for civil aviation , that is to say , to move on from the jar-ops to the eu-ops , and we were surprised to find that it was a text with a black hole in it : it lacked the sub-section q , relating to restrictions on flight time and activity and to rest requirements . riposo
finding a solution seemed difficult , but we have almost found one , thanks to the passionate and joint work of everybody and to the european parliament ’ s will to approve a complete text , with essential aspects for safety , aimed at people , pilots and cabin staff and with requirements on training , professional recognition and strict respect for flying and rest times , which must be regulated and harmonised in order to fully guarantee safety , without delay , in a sector which is growing exponentially and which is fully open and competitive . riposo
pilots from certain eu member states will have the pressure taken off them as a result of the new framework conditions established by eu-ops in respect of limits on working and rest time , and that in turn will improve passenger safety . riposo
it needs to be said very clearly , however , that , although the european union might be in something of a wait-and-see mood , the rest of the world around us is not going to come to a halt . resto
if we in europe are not ahead of the rest of the world in our ability to create new ideas and new innovations , we will lose . resto
and yet here you are today telling us that the medicine the rest of us need is that we must have more europe , we must have the constitution , we must press ahead . resto
- a reduction in the flight duty period – a maximum of 160 hours in a period of 28 consecutive days , distributed as evenly as possible throughout this period and a maximum of 40 hours in a seven-day period , with two rest days – so that the flight and cabin crew are able to guarantee safety . riposo
the new rules on flying times and rest periods is a milestone in terms of air safety and guarantees a marked enhancement of the safety not only of passengers but also of the crew . riposo
the temporary committee should now proceed with the rest of its 12-month mandate , during which it should make official visits to various countries , including poland . resto
we are dealing with a great jigsaw puzzle in which it is not sufficient for any state to say that no crime has taken place on their territory , if it turns out , for example , that the role played by that state in this overall plan was to give logistical support to the aircraft so that the people taking part in this great drama could rest beforehand or afterwards . riposare
the cia ’ s solutions are unsustainable , both in the short and the long term and for both the eu and the rest of the world . resto
as everyone knows , the european parliament is only consulted on taxation matters and the final decision rests with the council , which has to come to a unanimous conclusion . spetta
having said that , i am all for balancing the taxation structure of motoring in order to decrease emissions - carbon emissions and particles and nox and all the rest , but how that is done in each member state is up to each member state to decide and this is what we must be very careful about . particolato
i would also like to point out that , in galicia , the number of ‘ yes ’ votes in last year ’ s referendum on the european constitution was far higher than the average for the rest of spain . resto
the committee on development discussed this with the commissioner a week ago , and as far as i am concerned that lays the matter to rest . chiusa
this is the direction that the rest of the union must take , making decisive commitments in the conviction that to do nothing at this point would mean turning our backs on thousands of women who are expecting us to respond . resto
the fate of russia and that of the rest of europe have been interwoven for centuries . resto
sadly , it is in the new member states that there are the least jobs available and those that do exist are of a poor quality , the pay most often ranging between 200 and 500 euros per month , while the cost of living is almost on a par with the rest of europe . resto
it has turned into a comfortable resting place , however , for those who are unwilling to work . riposo
i am thinking here mainly of the family , which gives people the opportunity to rest and recharge their batteries . riposare
the best conclusion one could draw from the debate today is that here , as well as in the rest of the consultation process , there is broad support for the establishment of a new strategy on mental health . resto
after the status settlement , our objective is to ensure that kosovo becomes a reliable partner , progressing towards the eu together with the rest of the region . resto
given that , unfortunately , and this must be said unequivocally , unmik has failed to carry out its duties in many areas , a great many expectations in kosovo rest on a european administration . dipendono
this signing does not mean that the albanian government , which has presented the concluding of this agreement as an important victory , can rest on its laurels , and i hope that people in albania are aware of this . dormire
it is specifically by mobilising the very considerable resources of the european union , from the political and security to the technical , economic and financial , and by deploying them in close cooperation with the rest of the international community , that we may be able to put the peace process back on its feet . resto
against this backdrop , i fervently hope , along with mr posselt , and the rest of us , of course , that the border will cease to exist and that north korea will cease to exist in its current form , yet we cannot wait for that to happen before offering the highest expression of our solidarity with the refugees from north korea . tutti
on the political front , because the debate on public services overshadowed the rest of the european debate , it poisoned the debate on the constitutional treaty , and it was blighted by the initial proposal for a directive on services in the internal market , since that proposal included a vast range of social services and services of general economic interest within its scope . restanti
to best prepare for the partners conference , we need to make sure that partners are supporting the most important initiatives , that there is not undue overlap and duplication , and that together with both strong planning and rapid and effective implementation we can be assured that we will take advantage of this critical moment in liberia ’ s history to put the conflict to rest and speed the process of reconstruction and development . tacere
the european dimension in schools must not be neglected , especially in view of europe 's place in the world , the new challenges of economic growth that we face and the objectives of policies on cooperation with the rest of the world . resto
i believe that these two most european of countries , romania and bulgaria will soon become fully-fledged eu member states alongside the rest of us . altri
since 1971 seminaries are closed , and for a country that wants to be european , it is very important that it should be as easy to build a christian church in turkey as it is to build a turkish mosque in the rest of the european union . resto
our long-term aim is to have turkey join because we believe – and this is a genuine political project – in a europe that is multicultural , secular but multi-faith , peaceful and open to the rest of the world . resto
i will try to provide you with some specific answers , because i should like to put to rest certain fears that , in spite of everything , seem to me to be rather excessive . tacere
we must also ban from our debate any talk of an invasion : the label ' invasion ' is untrue and unfounded ; we all know that only 15 % of illegal immigrants come by sea from africa and that all the rest come by land or by air . resto
– mr president , commissioner , we had no need for a secret services committee in the united states to tell us that the war in iraq would increase rather than reduce the risk of terrorism in europe and the rest of the world . resto
i believe that the precise definition , formulation , organisation and funding of sgis should rest exclusively with the member states , reflecting the reality in the member states and respect for regional and local autonomy . rimanere
what is happening , as should also happen in connection with the growing economic expansion of china , is that europe is seeking a strategy for itself in relation to the rest of the world . resto
this is borne out by one of the report ’ s conclusions , which states that only highly qualified women benefit from trade liberalisation , and that the rest of the male and female population , which is generally not affluent , tends to be exploited and subjected to propaganda . restante
they are mostly boats from spain , which has a fleet as big as the rest of the eu put together . resto
the regulation allows sharks to be handled on board the vessel , with fins separated from bodies , provided that that is designed to achieve greater efficiency in the use of the entire shark , with the fins and the rest of the animal stored on board separately . resto
you can rest assured that i am always ready to act and to present all supporting evidence if new information becomes available indicating significant changes in the situation . a
however much more valuable shark fins are than the rest of the body , it is absolutely right that the whole of the body should be landed and used . resto
that will remain so for the rest of my mandate . resto
for the rest , i have the impression , on reading amendments nos 1 and 4 , which are concerned respectively with calling into question repression and the health aspect of drug dependence , that we are afraid both of words and the reality of the situation . resto
this is a task which places us under an obligation and demands that we , as parliamentarians , accept our responsibilities and do not simply let things rest . stanno
admittedly , huge difficulties are involved , but there are also benefits to be gained . it is a breath of fresh air which could , if used wisely , revitalize the rest of europe economically , socially , culturally and , of course , politically . boccata
i would like to remind you that the other day , saturday , in brussels , the pledging conference on bosnia was held and the states that took part committed 1 , 230 million dollars for the rest of 1996 . rimanente
if the situation is not rectified within three months the united states will ban the import into its territory of fish and fish products originating in italy ; given the existence of the single market , this could affect the rest of the european union as well . restanti
i hope you could pass on those remarks to the rest of your colleagues . trasmettere
my constituents , who are all consumers , and the rest of the british people have rejected the conservative government 's plans to privatize the post office . resto
perhaps he could put my mind at rest that socialists are not frightened of competition or the introduction of new technologies . tranquillizzarmi
the burden of proof in showing that the alternative is better should rest with those who claim that it should not be subject to equal conditions . propugnano
the tune is the same around the rest of europe even if the numbers are different . tutta
the reason i wanted it to be the subject of particular attention was in order to allow the european union to be involved in the accumulation of know-how and experiences under this programme , for the rest i submit it to the house for consideration . resto
following the liberalization of a large section of the telecommunications market in europe and the rest of the world , the commission now puts forward its proposal to deregulate parts of the legislation that currently governs possibilities for starting and operating a business in the field of mail services . resto
may i remind you that years ago the commission took the initiative of trying to harmonize flying time and rest time for pilots , but we came back empty-handed . resttime
the aim is to define , for the first time , the principles of a strategy for scientific and technical cooperation between the european union and the rest of the world . resto
the huge network of agreements , programmes and cooperative ventures will help to maximize efficiency in research and technological development and will certainly advance the search for satisfactory responses to the major challenges facing europe and the rest of the world .  
for the rest , i welcome the proposals concerning environmental adjustment put forward by the rapporteur . resto
although it is true that the technical features of vehicles and the layout of the routes may have a direct influence on the causes of accidents , it is no less true that one of the main causes of serious road accidents is deeply and genuinely associated with the extreme tiredness of professional drivers , caused by excessive weekly working hours and rest periods that have been cut to the minimum ( daily rest periods of 11 hours , which can even be cut back to 9 hours , three times a week - weekly rest periods of 45 hours riposo
so i would have preferred and hoped that mr parodi would comment in his report on questions like the working and driving hours of professional drivers , tougher checks , observance of working and driving conditions , the harmonization of penalties for breaches of rules relating to driving times and rest periods , and the prohibition of piecework . riposo
in other words , why should we give the rest of the world an advantage over europe at a time when unemployment is still our biggest problem ? resto
there are also proposals for reforming the employment systems , and although the main burden here again rests with the member states , the union can still act as a very useful lever . incombe
we propose the introduction of biological rest periods when species are particularly under threat . riposo
the budgetary competence for non-compulsory expenditure rests with parliament and it can take its own decision in that regard . obbligatorie
scientific studies show that less than 1 / 5 of the targeted species that are caught in the nets are actually used , while the rest of the catch is often thrown back dead . resto
for the rest , you know how seriously the commission takes the problem of unemployment , you are familiar with the white paper , you know about the initiatives which president santer and the commission have proposed . NULL
my group today wants to make it entirely clear that we utterly condemn the aggressive and offensive campaign waged by conservative politicians and some of the media in the united kingdom against our partners in the rest of europe . resto
when action was finally taken to ban the use of such foodstuffs in the domestic market , that same industry had absolutely no scruples of conscience about selling potentially infected foodstuffs to feed the herds in the rest of europe . resto
european leaders , especially the british government , can help to restore some balance in relations between britain and the rest of europe by agreeing on a framework for resolving the bse problem at the summit . resto
the bse crisis was a direct consequence of its own political ineptitude and there was no justification for punishing the rest of the european union for its own mistakes . resto
it is not visible in the rest of bosnia . resto
the consequences for the rest of europe first appeared as a subject for reflection by our pseudo-philosophers looking for moral imperatives , but mostly for cheap personal publicity , and not as a crucial issue for the whole of our continent . resto
for five years , the europeans , who love justice and freedom , watched sadly and in dismay something which the rest of the world saw as an illustration of the powerlessness of europe . resto
mr president , now that it has been decided to have the elections in bosnia held on schedule it is important to look at how the rest of the peace process is going . resto
that is what mr watson and his ilk are trying to impose upon the rest of us . tutti
therefore , i ask you to refer this matter to the committee on the rules of procedure , the verification of credentials and immunities , because what you are saying is that it is acceptable for members to come here and ask their own particular questions and then leave whilst the rest of us - who have an interest in a variety of subjects - are denied the right to ask a supplementary question which is of interest to the member who asked the question in the first place . tutti
rest assured that we shall remedy the shortcomings you have pointed out in your report , which we think in fact will be an easy mater . porremo
i very much regret that the opposition , which for the rest was made up almost entirely of communists , withdrew the electoral observers before the end of the elections . giornata
this house has often asserted that the rule of law rests on the presumption of innocence in the absence of the proof of guilt . imperio
we are pleading with the council and the commission to accept that this proposal be at least given a double legal basis , with recourse to article 128 as well , rather than having it rest solely on article 130 which would be much too restrictive a basis for the subject . 128
for the rest , the financial statement does not take account of potential revenue from the participation of non-member third parties . eventuali
the fishery sector of ceuta suffers from the same problems as the rest of the sector in the community , due to a lack of resources . resto
let the council realize that this is a minimum and if that amount is not produced , then as far as i am concerned the council need never again mention employment plans and all the rest of it . reperiti
the international community cannot rest until the facts of the massacre have been established and those guilty have received the punishment they deserve . sintanto
the rest will come later . resto
no nation has the right to prevent the rest of the world trading with whoever it wishes . altre
so the issue is in the hands of the house , and that is where i shall let it rest . affido
it is also crucial that a real analysis should be conducted of where exactly the insecurity lies as regards threats to security from the rest of the world . mondo
i think that did little to imprint the union 's identity on the minds of the rest of the world , an identity which is largely recognizable only to citizens of the eu . riconoscibile
traditionally , responsibility for decisions on custody has rested with national authorities . inerenti
please rest assured that the matter raised by the honourable member is very much in the minds of the council and is being raised at every opportunity . state
like the rest of my group , i voted against the whole of mr brinkhorst 's report because it follows the deviant line that part of parliament is seeking to impose and that we denounce : a deviant line whereby more and more compulsory expenditure is slipped into the category of non-compulsory expenditure and the distribution of powers laid down by the treaties is surreptitiously changed . linea
( sv ) we have nothing against constructive civil intergovernmental cooperation between eu member states where this is better able than other forms of foreign policy cooperation to foster peace , democracy and human rights in the rest of the world . nulla
clear and unanimous action by the eu in favour of peace , reconciliation , conflict management , cooperation and support for sustainable development is a positive thing for europe and the rest of the world . resto
the responsibility for issuing binding military security guarantees in respect of its member countries should rest with nato in the future too . essere
it should be our concern to cover the basic needs of children , to adopt all necessary initiatives at national , community and international level for the promotion of harmonised policies to safeguard the rights of children , and to make available resources sufficient for the promotion and support of those policies , so that the rights of children will become a reality both in europe and in the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , i-for 's operations are in my opinion a good example of the fact that , although we have not yet got common defence policy guidelines , because some of us are neutral countries - not non-aligned , but neutral - we have all worked together in the i-for troops , our neutral finland as well as the nato countries . resto
therefore , the price in ireland can often be very different from that in the rest of the european union . resto
ladies and gentlemen who accompany me on fridays , i hope that you will have double rest on the fridays over the vacation . riposo
in the area , for example , of development cooperation , we do not have any formal relationships with cuba , unlike the whole of the rest of the caribbean and central and south america , so there are very great problems . resto
we are all , ladies and gentlemen , guilty of indifference and laziness , because it took the tragedy of the dutroux case to bring this debate onto our parliament 's agenda , although we know that every year sees a great many children surrendered to the sex market , in europe and in the rest of the world . mondo
for the rest , this has also meant that we will be able to speed up the procedure for deciding on objective 2 programmes by also making it possible to continue current programmes in agreement with the member states . NULL
this means that , in applying the second community support framework , there are great hopes that portugal can once again begin to converge with the rest of europe and that social justice in the country and within the community can be increased . portogallo
economic barriers to trade which distort competition arise when goods from a country or region are discriminated against , for example by imposing a tariff targeted at another country or the rest of the world in general . resto
that is why we will be opposing amendment no 16 while supporting the rest . resto
for the rest i would draw your attention to the role of insurance companies . resto
perhaps the most important thing in this debate , mr president , is that we should review past years and that present member states and countries that have applied for membership and have agreements with us , such as turkey , meet the demands we impose and that we should show the rest of the world that we are serious in our insistence on respect for human rights . resto
should we give priority to the liberalization of the market , the promotion of industry , leaving the rest to come of its own accord ? or should we , on the contrary , take the view that the way to create order is through legislation , since the market left to its own devices will never bring about social order ? resto
the rest takes place by legislation . resto
i do not know what happens in the rest of the european union but the principle that the british parliament operates on is that no parliament can bind its successors . resto
before the animals are put into transport , nine out of ten of them have died , and most of the rest perish in transit . rimanenti
this is reinforced by the report of the stockholm conference which said that the primary task of combatting the commercial sexual exploitation of children rests with the state and families . risiede
but i am very grateful to the commissioner for the rest of his reply . resto
this report also lays to rest many myths concerning alcohol . sfata
this is action which has to be permanent : nobody should think that everything has been done and just rest on their laurels . conserte
first of all , a corrigendum has been distributed in all languages and this has to be seen as an integral part of and must therefore be voted on along with the rest of the text . resto
however , we must have close cooperation between all of these services , especially when dealing with common problems affecting europe and the rest of the world . mondo
the result of the storage of toxic mercury waste has been sludge ponds , one death and twenty workers who will suffer for the rest of their lives from the consequences of the health damage that occurred at work . tutta
i should be glad to know how the agenda for the rest of this morning looks . chiarimento
it should also be pointed out that , without this fund , the media ii programme , promoting training , development and distribution , and the television without frontiers directive , regulating tv-broadcasting , will never attain their main objective of reviving european production and making it competitive with the rest of the world . telediffusione
for our part , you may rest assured that our attitude will be the same as that displayed by parliament towards the commission . esser
quite apart from its historical and traditional importance , the establishment of the ecsc budget provides each year a unique opportunity of reviewing the situation in two sectors which are fundamental to europe 's industrial success , and in particular of comparing our economic activities with those of the rest of the world . resto
but , as for the allocation of the rest of the 300 million , that will be in the final analysis for the budgetary authority to decide at the end of second reading . restante
despite all that , however , it is clear - and here , i share the honourable member 's concern - that an encouraging past in safety-related matters is not in itself good reason for us to rest on our laurels and become complacent , though it certainly does indicate that the integrity of the packaging can be preserved under a variety of conditions that arise in accidents . riposare
that is a function of the rest of our water quality : if we get that right , then drinking water will also be correct . resto
and the levels of unemployment , insecure employment , poverty affecting women and the situation of older people , increasingly numerous , are going to spread poverty in europe , a privileged continent compared to the rest of the world but a continent with enormous problems . resto
it is true that major responsibility has to be assigned to the prodi government here , but the reconstruction of events in this report by mrs iivari is wrong because our 18 month wait was caused by the union taking refuge behind that document , and slovenia , as we know , intends to retain in force its legislation on property in a manner inconsistent with the rules that apply in the rest of the european union . resto
in conclusion , the proposal for a decision submitted by the commission is largely inspired by the orders relating to the constitution and operation of the committee on economic policy and rests on the same legal base , namely article 145 of the treaty . fonda
but as far as the rest is concerned we still have much to learn as the overall strategy is not yet clear to me . chiariti
for the rest , i have to say this : as far as i remember , you were not there on 8 october , mr president ! inoltre
for the rest we shall be voting for the reports . resto
i shall endeavour to devote the rest of my speaking time to the contradictions which i perceive in the debate and in the reports . illustrare
i am aware of the multiple problems facing that poor country - one of the world 's poorest - but nevertheless , i think we can expect from the government of bangladesh the same respect for human rights that we expect from the rest of the countries in the world . resto
we are not trying to prescribe to venezuela whether it may or may not use its natural resources , but if this sensitive region of amazonas is destroyed , the venezuelans and their future generations will be the first to have to pay for it , quite apart from the rest of mankind . resto
for the rest , the first compensation payment , which according to the commission was paid a month later , should have been paid by the end of may , which means before this house had delivered its opinion . compensativo
but we do have to look after the rest of the population , and that is why amendment no 12 should receive unequivocal support and has the backing of our group . altri
in spain , people are very sceptical when this type of economic or political measure is taken or there is talk of market responses , and many people are beginning to wonder ' who these markets are ' , as their opinions sometimes seem to make better or quicker responses than parliament or the rest of society . ironizza
we need to put this philosophy into effect down to the very last detail , and i would of course be pleased if mr van miert , mr bangemann and the rest of the commission were able to endorse this enlightened concept of a market economy . associassero
the rest we are unable to accept . restanti
there are no industrial concerns to back up and finance the work , and it is therefore necessary that the rest of us make provision so that the ngos can also carry out their work . finanzi
but i believe we have the privilege and benefit of having with us today emma bonino , whose voice has awakened consciences which had , perhaps , dozed off somewhat both in europe and in the rest of the world . resto
everyone knows it was impossible for the refugees to stay for ever in the border camps where , moreover , the perpetrators of the genocide were hiding and were never weeded out from the rest . altri
but fundamentally nothing will change unless there is a political dialogue , in the first place inside rwanda , between representatives of the regime and genuine representatives of the hutu community who are not responsible for the genocide and the rest of it . ce
madam president , for over a fortnight we and the rest of the world have been watching the progress of yet another terrible humanitarian tragedy , and once again the international community has displayed its inability to take any action to prevent it . svolge
however , this consensus of opinion which is sometimes the most difficult thing to achieve in politics does not mean , as it should , that the way is now clear for action , and it risks becoming a cause of frustration which merely illustrates , both to ourselves and to the rest of the world , the futility of our efforts . resto
pluck up your courage , at long last , to show the rest of the world that the european union is the greatest economic and commercial power on earth and that it is time for it to be a winner instead of a consenting loser ! resto
the rest is just empty words . resto
the provisions are pushed backwards and forwards across the table , and then any paragraphs that still look too liberal are taken out , and the rest is put together as a resolution entitled , ' minimum guarantees for asylum procedures ' . depennano
this does not , of course , mean that i deny the importance of conventional energy sources ; i could hardly do so when algerian gas is starting to reach spain , and from spain , portugal and the rest of europe , through so major a structure as the gas pipeline linking algeria across morocco with our continent and our union , but of course i give a greater welcome to the emphasis which this report has placed on permanent and renewable sources of energy and on energy saving . resto
the commission is always amplifying and accelerating the globalization process by signing free trade , association or other agreements with the rest of the world , without ever really studying the harmful consequences for whole sections of our industry . resto
that shows that throughout history people have not rested until they see justice being done . subconscio
mr president , madam commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if there is a cornerstone upon which the whole construction of the common fisheries policy rests it is undoubtedly the conservation of fishery resources . basa
in the discharge procedure - something which started in this chamber earlier this week when mr friedmann , on behalf of the court of auditors , presented both the court of auditors ' annual report and the statement of assurance - we saw quite clearly that when we look at the inefficient use of resources , the areas where management procedures have been seriously lacking , the court of auditors has identified that 90 % of the instances of inadequate information or improper audit trails rest not with the commission itself but with the member states of the european union impropria
mr president , the climatic conditions of the autonomous region of madeira give it comparative advantages over the rest of the community when it comes to the globalisation of the economy vis-àvis floriculture . floricoltura
we have to show our support for the filippi report which considerably improves the proposal for a regulation not only because it suggests a greater european union contribution as of 1997 , to support actions aimed at increasing the consumption of house plants and other community floriculture products but also because it will make it possible for a single member state to present and implement measures and activities aimed at developing this consumption and to receive help from the rest of the community . cofinanziamenti
i should like commissioner kinnock , whom i welcome here and hope he can respond , to tell me exactly what is going on , how you can try to improve your policy on the one hand while at the same time tightening up your policy for the rest of europe , by worsening the position of women , for that it what it boils down to . resto
some of the issues such as driving hours , rest periods and working time are issues on which there is relevant community legislation or on which proposals have been made . riposo
on driving and rest periods there are claims by drivers that some employers are not respecting the existing legislation . affermano
second , as a parliament we have been requesting for years new proposals on driving and resting hours including working time proposals . riposo
finally , it may well be that the commission rightly takes on the freedom of movement but it is clear that this is causing extreme damage to drivers and road hauliers from all over the community and that the control on the application of driving and resting hours is lagging far behind . riposo
in order to ensure that the necessary budgetary discipline continues after access to economic and monetary union , there must be a stability pact , and that pact must not be a phoney one to set the minds of europe 's citizens at rest , but one that must contain effective mechanisms . tranquillizzare
until that time , 10 european countries made the changeover at the end of september and the rest at the end of october . altri
when the common position was adopted by the council , the commission agreed that this point , which formed part of its initial proposal , should be separated out from the rest in order not to jeopardize the amendment as such . resto
i also believe that it should be possible to hold membership outside the eu , because europe reaches beyond the eu and this would be a way of demonstrating our openness and the invitation that we extend to the rest of europe . resto
today , there are officially 22 million unemployed people in europe , as a result of unrestrained free trade with the rest of the world and the forced march towards a monetary utopia . resto
the house may rest assured that the commission will take account of parliament 's proposals , so that together we can try to steer europe towards the year 2000 . siate
the fact is that unless we have a secure - albeit minimal - legal framework of the kind offered by the directive , which we hope will at any rate be transposed in italy with further improvements of the kind i briefly mentioned , we shall be able neither to get the recently established regulatory authority for the sector up and running properly nor to achieve effective and satisfactory privatization of enel , the national electricity board , although those measures , along with financial reorganization , are vital if we are to bring italy into step with the rest resto
prime responsibility for achieving this goal must rest with the member states but this is to be in conjunction with eu bodies , european organisations , companies and international organisations . affidata
my second point is that it is not right , and i am saying this to you , mr van miert , that europe should open itself up to the rest of the world , and particularly to the united states , without some reciprocity . resto
for the rest , the document we are discussing today is not a directive , and many interventions demonstrate not only ambiguity but also , and worse still , lack of understanding . NULL
responsibility now rests with the governments of the member states . sta
if it does not want to be a bitter disappointment to the rest of the world , europe must play every card it has in its hand - and it has many - in every part of the world where it has any influence . resto
all this goes on at the cost of the poor bathers ' health and the local population who spend the rest of the year looking after the places which fall outside the scope of the directive we have debated . restante
we pay millions of pounds for relaxation therapies and yet one of the best relaxation therapies of all is simply to take a day 's rest each week . riposo
let us have a rest , a good rest , at least once a week on a sunday . riposo
mr president , i contest the european court of justice decision to annul the second sentence of article 5 of the working time directive , which specifies sunday as a rest day . riposo
to remove sunday as a day of rest puts yet another obstacle in the way of successful family life . festivo
sunday as a weekly day of rest is a tradition to which the vast majority of the people of europe are attached , and it adds to the social and cultural aspects of our life for most of the people of the european union . NULL
take away sunday as the day of rest and we will lose much of the richness of community life as it has been experienced by europeans throughout the centuries . festivo
there is something special about sunday as the day of rest which is common to all occupations and all locations in the western world . riposo
at any rate , a working world without one complete day of rest is inhumane . riposo
the entitlement to a day of rest must be a legal entitlement and must be one that can be enforced . riposo
the freedom of coexistence of these calendars is just as important to safeguard as the right to a day of rest between working weeks . riposo
i come from a country where sunday is enshrined in the culture as a day of rest after the working week and there are other cultures and religions which also prefer sunday as the day of rest . that is why we feel the house can accept this resolution unanimously . riposo
we christian democrats specifically established the point , during the debate on the directive , that sunday should be enshrined as the general day of rest . riposo
the group of the european people 's party now calls upon the member states , when transposing the directive into national law , to recognize sunday as , in principle , a day of rest . riposo
the intention is not just to sanctify sunday as a matter of religious tradition - in a flexible working world , it is often the only cultural and social space where the family can meet for rest and recreation . riposo
to abandon the principle of sunday as a day of rest would be to destroy one of the foundations of european culture . riposo
to christians sunday is especially significant as the day of rest ordained by god , going back to the day of christ 's resurrection . riposo
a varyingly timed rest day is not an acceptable alternative . riposo
there will be a rest day , but it will be part of a pattern of variable working times within the family and society . riposo
for all these reasons i think we should keep sunday as the public day of rest . riposo
sunday rest is not just an essential , quantifiable factor in the lives of a high percentage of our population , but also an important element of our working and family lives . riposo
i would merely add one point , namely that sunday should be a day of rest not only for employees but also for the self-employed and their families . riposo
if the labour laws and shop opening hours can be aligned better in the matter of sunday as a rest day , employees and employers can all have sunday off and go back to work with renewed vigour on monday . riposare
if the union has any respect at all for the subsidiarity principle which is referred to in the treaty , it must leave decisions on working hours - including the determination of rest days - to national level . riposo
members will recall that the court annulled the provision that the minimum weekly rest period to which workers are entitled under the directive shall in principle include sunday . riposo
that is because the provision itself was essentially declaratory , so employees still have the right under the working time directive to a minimum uninterrupted rest period of 24 hours per seven-day period , in addition to the 11 hours daily rest . riposo
but just as the directive does not require member states to make special provision for sunday rest , it does not prevent them from doing so either . riposo
mr president , after sunday as a day of rest we come to the ongoing unrest in belarus . riposo
for the rest we must continue to foster democratization and we , the european parliament , urge the eu ambassadors in belarus to act unanimously in forging links with the opposition . canto
honourable members can rest assured : it wasn 't us that created the crisis because the crisis was already there . rassicurino
today 's debate has shown , predictably , that the urgent resolution on sunday as a day of rest hardly qualifies and our group will not be voting for this resolution . riposo
what this brings out , of course , is that even though primary responsibility rests , as mrs banotti said , with the member states , the union too has its sphere of legitimate concern in this field and must be active here . ricade
while the resolution acknowledges that primary responsibility rests with the member states it nevertheless proceeds to outline several practical ways where the community could , within its own sphere , pursue this rightsbased approach . ricade
if , as the rapporteur suggests , the maximum length of ships not subject to the cuts is increased from 7 to 12 metres , the burden of the cuts will rest unfairly heavily on the larger ships . gravare
so the regulation on the common organization of the banana market is not an arbitrary regulation but is aimed at achieving equilibrium between producers in the ultraperipheral regional and producers in the rest of the community . resto
less than one-third of ireland 's trade is with the probable founding countries of emu , while 70 % of it is with britain and the rest of the world . resto
you need have no doubts , everyone has said this so far , and i do not expect to hear anything different on the rest of my travels . resto
i believe that we can rest assured in this respect , and that this is the essential message we must send to consumers . stare
how are we to ensure that the responsibility for planning and the division of airspace rests with the authority ? spazio
having said that , the commissioner will not mind if i criticize the commission , specifically on its weakness regarding the biological rest period for cephalopods . interruzione
i cannot explain to my fisherman what happened to make the biological rest period suddenly increase from two to four months . interruzione
it is possible to give legitimate economic support for various environmental measures or for use in the fight against forest fires for example , but even here the main responsibility should rest with the member states . restare
if public transport is to function efficiently , responsibility must rest at local , regional or national level and the same authorities must be responsible for the allocation of financial support . affidata
closer cooperation is needed between azerbaijan , georgia and also armenia in extracting the oil resources of the caspian sea - greater than those of saudi arabia - for export to europe and the rest of the world but also for processing in situ . resto
if europe really wants to defend some of its history , some of its individuality , and not end up resembling the rest of the world - it is not that we are superior it is just that we are different - we really must defend our products , we must defend indications of origin and we must defend geographical indications . resto
the alternative would be for the policy to come to a stand-still , and sectors such as goods transport would not advance any further : bottlenecks and unfair competition regarding tax , energy consumption , pollution , driving hours and rest periods , etc . riposo
for the rest , we made this programme and these proposals as simple as we possibly could , but control and correct financial management are essential and i think it is in all our interests not to end up with difficulties here . NULL
for the rest , it is not just a question of making friendly gestures but also of the federal government and the federal länder in question publishing details of structural fund participation . resto
for the rest we intend to submit similar guidelines for the mid-term review of objective 1 areas . valutazione
for the rest i hope that the sem 2000 procedure concerning eligibility for assistance will bring some relief even in the short term . sem
for the rest , of course we also involve local and regional authorities , but unfortunately they are not always on the side for which you have fought here today either and there is some conflict among them too , which i hope we can resolve jointly by making them more aware of these issues . NULL
for the rest , the interreg 2c community initiative also places emphasis on the environment , the protection of resources and water management . 2c
all the rest is mere rhetoric and populism . resto
( applause ) the british government is to blame not just for the impact in britain but because , by its mismanagement of the crisis , far from containing bse in britain it allowed its contaminated animal foodstuffs and infected calves to continue to enter the market and food chains in the rest of europe . resto
it is this kind of cynical , opportunist behaviour which destroys confidence in britain and the rest of europe and demonstrates that the british government does not put health and consumer safety - let alone economic good sense - at the top of its agenda . resto
he is one of those who argues that sovereignty in a democracy rests in its parliament . poggia
i myself said to mr macsharry in this house , on 11 september 1990 , that there was a risk of a zoonosis , that the source of the infection would spread from the united kingdom to the rest of europe , and that there was a need to take preventive measures ! giunto
finally , to relieve some of the pressure on the beef and veal market and do something tangible to set consumers ' minds at rest , everything necessary should be done immediately to introduce compulsory labelling enabling everyone to identify the origin and quality of the beef or veal he is buying . tranquillizzare
the fact that one of your commissioners , president santer , has denounced hasty decisions cannot set the european consumer 's mind at rest . tranquillizzare
following the commission 's progress in releasing draft legislation on various issues concerning the internet , does the commission not feel it essential to support the industry itself by assisting in bringing together organizations representing internet service providers in the member states of the eu and throughout the rest of europe ? resto
so we accept the logic of extending the deadline , but we cannot accept the rest of the proposal . resto
if it will do that , then i am quite happy to recommend to parliament that we agree to the timetable change , but my committee is quite adamant that it will not agree to the rest . resto
where we are at variance , however , with mr bangemann is what you do legally with the rest . resto
one cannot say that about the rest of europe , and it is the lack of confidence that has created the problems . resto
curiously , this essential question , which the commission identifies perfectly with respect to relations between european countries , as i mentioned during this morning 's debate , is hushed up when it concerns relations with the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , you do not know what to do , and moreover you cannot do anything . resto
as regards liberal ideologies , they continue to rest on that which i will call the ' principle of charity ' : one relies on individual initiative to correct the inequalities of situation . poggiare
if twenty years later john dies , janet is taken care of for the rest of her life , no problem . tomba
at the same time , the new satellite systems , especially because of their geographical range , advance the process of economic and social cohesion in europe and , most of all , the cohesion between europe and the rest of the world , and thus the development of the global information society . mondo
some of my hopes here rest on the dutch presidency . confido
at last there is a wise african leader who realises that the disintegration of africa will mercilessly drag the rest of the continent down with it . resto
we must not allow it to be destroyed and we should , in fact , give no more support to the west bank until they are prepared to work together with the rest of mostar to build a peaceful community . resto
they have more skeletons in their cupboards than the rest of this parliament put together ! cotte
in exactly the same way , some member states say that we cannot continue our responsibilities in the rest of the world . resto
the measures proposed by the rapporteur , mr fassa , which take into consideration all of these aims , deserve my loudest applause , and i sincerely hope that they will meet with due response by the commissioner and the rest of the commission . applauso
i ask you , mrs cresson , to assume your responsibility in relation to this question for the european union , together with north america and japan and the rest of the world . resto
i want to use the rest of my time to talk specifically about the car industry , because this is europe 's biggest industry : it represents almost 2 % of the gross domestic product of europe , it employs directly about 2 million people , it contributes to the revenue of the european union over ecu 220 billion . NULL
without a political and social europe , the rest is but crocodile tears . resto
for the rest , all those people who are against efficiency will also go to the good restaurant . resto
for the rest , members were also invited to it and even those who did not take part can read up in this report how hard we are trying to come up with solutions , especially as regards schools and libraries , i.e. , generally accessible public culture . NULL
now we are told that it is a question of a multi-modal link between spain and portugal and the rest of europe and i am in fact asking this question in order to dispel the doubts once and for all . resto
i should like to emphasise the fact that this agreement is also innovative in other areas , in particular in that it very much respects the principle of conservation of fish resources , allowing for the possibility of declaring biological rest periods on the basis of scientific data calling for them . biologico
but this also means - and i would ask the commission to take particular notice of this - that the commission should begin its negotiations with non-member countries in good time , so as to leave enough time for the rest of the process to proceed properly . seguire
that is why within both these agreements we are tabling amendments that say that the fishing fleets , the vessels and the owners themselves who benefit from these agreements should pay the full cost of these agreements , and that they should no longer rest on the taxpayers of the eu - not because that is bad in itself but because through subsidy we have overcapitalization and continued depletion of stocks . affidamento
i hope the media will remember that and realize that it is not the european parliament which is hiding or dissembling about fraud ; we are exposing it and offering that analysis to the rest of the union . resto
i think we should pay particular attention to recommendation 29 which says that the commission should produce an annual report on co-operation with switzerland in the area of justice and all the rest of it .  
responsibility for compliance with the tariff list rests with 15 different customs services . affidata
for the rest , we will all continue to cooperate fully with the european parliament . peraltro
thank you both for your intervention and for your words of encouragement , but please rest assured that this presidency has great staying power . assicuro
yet again , as happens with the community budget , we come up against the form that matters should take : if we were to look at population policy-related expenditure contained in the lomé convention , in latin america , the mediterranean and asia , you may rest assured that ecu 300 million would be exceeded . stare
it is above all through increased cooperation between azerbaijan and georgia - and also armenia , if it so wishes - that the vast oil resources of the caspian sea can be exploited for exporting to the european union and the rest of the world , as well as for local processing . resto
like the rest of the european union 's institutions , this house has repeatedly demonstrated its support for dialogue and peace . altre
secondly , as has already been mentioned , we should urge people not to go on holiday to burma , and we should call on all holiday companies and tour operators to stop organizing trips to burma , because the hotels and all the rest of the infrastructure for the tourist industry are being built with the help of slave labour . assicurarvi
that does not mean that the women become the primary carers and the rest of the activities in those units is carried out by the men . resto
unless the countries of europe and the union radically change their immigration policy , there is a serious risk that none of these problems can be solved : not the problem of family policy , not the problem of the birth rate , not the problem of aging , not the problem of the vast gap in competitiveness which is opening between this continent and the rest of the world . resto
but of course the decision rests with the honourable members . spetta
mrs roth rightly said , and the debate and vote in committee also made this clear , that it is a luxury for the european union to draw up two different human rights reports : one on the situation in the union , and one on the situation in the rest of the world . concederci
should we not have a single report on the human rights situation in the european union and the rest of the world , to be debated and adopted by the house ? altri
not that the left-right confrontation appears to me to be systematically harmful , quite the contrary , but i am afraid that this opposition on such an important report might put the real division into the background , that which separates the vast majority of this hemicycle , which is conscious that the respect for human rights is one of the essential values of the european union , from a minority , which will not rest until it has discredited this concept . destra
i propose - and here i share the views of mr schulz - that we abandon the distinction between human rights in europe and human rights in the rest of the world . resto
you should have put the amendment to the vote first , then have taken a separate vote on the rest of the paragraph . resto
the answer to that problem , of course , lies not really within the european commission and still less in the european parliament , it rests with the authorities in the member states . spetta
having said that , and i think everyone agrees , we should not rest on our laurels because we are a long way off reaching the target for growth and for unemployment , which , as we know , is still dramatically high . dormire
for example , it has been said that we should not rest on our laurels ! dormire
the workers of my country are finding only thorns , and resting on thorns is not very easy . addormentarsi
for the countries which have opted out , the facility should be available only until they meet the criteria : beyond that point , our solidarity with them should extend as far as their solidarity with the rest . altri
then , of course , there are the rest periods , journey times and so on . sosta
the only restriction is that those vehicles do not have the right to free movement to operate in the rest of europe . resto
the dutch presidency is about to give us a new draft treaty and will - i hope - learn from this and have the resolve to include , in draft at least , something to prevent the european union taking the kind of approach and attitude which means that we able only to send observers . for the rest , we offload our responsibilities on to institutions which are definitely not meant for that or on to member states which are then prevailed upon , with great difficulty and although they do not have the necessary resources , to shoulder resto
the hong kong special administrative region , as provided for in the joint declaration and the basic law will , obviously , be unique but that very uniqueness makes it doubly important that people in hong kong , in the rest of china and in the international community give the hong kong sar a chance to work as intended . resto
if we are not to lose out in the future , we must show the rest of the world the way forward . resto
i believe we can learn that the idea of borders as limes and fronts , which we in europe have been exporting to the rest of the world since the imperialism of the augustan age and which is still coming back to haunt us , in the form of ethnic cleansing for example , is not a tenable concept . augusteo
madam president , this is a sad day for parliament , and responsibility rests primarily with the two major groups . lutto
it consequently deplores the fact that the authorities of the republic of sprska have suggested introducing a charge for crossing the border between this republic and the rest of bosnia in order to get to sarajevo , precisely to see the pope . sprska
the rest of us are exceptions to this norm . altre
the wto and a number of development agencies now recognize that regionalism can be a useful stepping-stone towards integration into the world economy provided the regions thus continue to maintain an open stance with respect to the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , i will inform my colleague mr fischler who is responsible for this sector , on the discussion today . NULL
ladies and gentlemen , 90 % of trade between the community and the rest of the world takes place by sea and the percentage is 35 % within the union . resto
so far that has certainly been the case and i do not intend the matter to rest there . fermi
finally on the point relating to external relations , clearly we only have negotiating mandates thus far with india and china but in all negotiations i can assure mr cornelissen and the rest of the house that the interests of the european dredging industry , which offers very competitive performance and excellent standards will certainly be taken fully into account , regardless of the current status of legislation in other parts of the world . resto
for the rest , that is something i have often complained about during visits not just to the uk but also to other member states - excluding , as a rule , the southern member states . NULL
for the rest , your requests coincide with the wishes various economic operators expressed again and again during my visit . resto
will he tell us whether there has been any dialogue with the other shipbuilders in the rest of the european union about this deal . resto
it should bring about a restructuring of farms , it should lead to processing and marketing organisations , it should lead to farmers ' groupings as well as a concentration of supply , teaching farmers to be less individualistic and helping them to market what they produce , making them really understand that they have to work together and in a community in order to win the fight against the rest of the world 's major industrial and trading powers , in a world which is undergoing globalization . globalizzando
if the directive is adopted quickly , it will be the first time ever in terms of legislation on air pollution from mobile sources that europe - at least for a while - is further advanced than the usa and the rest of the world . resto
( parliament rejected the rest of the paragraph ) since the rest of the paragraph has been rejected , i do not see how we can vote on the isolated words . resto
i had to make it clear to the public that , on the one hand , the council and not parliament has the final say ; on the other , i was also able to set minds at rest by stating that parliament certainly had no desire to deprive these professionals of their livelihoods . tranquillizzare
for the rest , i firmly intend to continue to adopt a balanced approach and to keep an open mind , while also trying to take into account services of general interest in any policy we develop . resto
for the rest , we have nothing to hide . resto
a certain number of countries , including france , are ahead of the rest : it is essential that they do not have lower standards imposed on them now than those they have already established , which have succeeded in gaining consumer confidence . portati
i find it literally amazing that the diplomats of our sophisticated , experienced and powerful nations , whose fathers and grandfathers ran the world , seem to have such trouble having any measurable impact on the rest of humanity . resto
the three american giants that control 75-80 % of the world banana market , and 70 % even in europe , despite community production , are trying to get their hands on the rest . plein
the banana affair has overflowed its economic context and become a political issue , and the european authorities must now demonstrate their capacity to trade with the rest of the world while protecting their own interests and refusing to be dictated to about their relations with allies , relations prompted by a rich common history which cannot be denied . resto
if it fails to do so , it will become - as sir leon brittan clearly admitted at yesterday 's meeting of the committee on external economic relations - nothing more than a tool of the usa and the economically powerful countries against the rest of the world . resto
because we have overrun to some extent , i have a serious problem with the rest of my schedule . successivi
for the rest , we should not imagine either that these energy sources can be introduced without any dispute . inoltre
mr president , today and the rest of this week the subject of the helms-burton act has been discussed in various contexts , in particular in the framework of questions to the council and the commission . intera
regulations on driving time and rest periods are important , because of the number of serious coach and lorry accidents caused by driver fatigue . riposo
mr president , we are far from the harmonised implementation of the driving and rest times prescribed in regulation 3820 / 85 . sosta
mr president , i too believe that the social provisions in question relate first and foremost to driving times and rest periods , and if we remember the two figures that were just cited , three million drivers and about 50 000 lives lost , we realise that this is not a minor report that could perhaps be briefly discussed on a friday morning but a report that needs to be considered by the committee on transport , the committee on social affairs and by all the meps and people who really are seriously concerned about safety on the roads riposo
you can rest assured that the commission is going to examine the resolutions approved by the european parliament with all due care . assicuro
one individual country should not be able to stop action and in so doing exert pressure on the rest of the union . intera
the danish social democrats believe that the eis should remain a matter for intergovernmental cooperation under the third pillar , with the final authority resting with the individual member states . sie
it is impossible , commissioner , to rest when you have to put up with an atrocious nightmare of noise . incubo
for the rest , i think we must assume that things can be dealt with at national or regional level . restanti
let us make our cities more beautiful , let us make rural areas better places to live , let us make room for the cohesion process , so necessary to unite the citizens in a great movement capable of integrating traditions , languages , affections and - why not ? - spreading our cultures to the rest of the world . resto
we see this as a kind of dogmatic slide on which rests a perfectly erroneous assertion according to which growth and employment cannot only come from monetary and budgetary stability . poggia
if the solutions adopted to tax harmonization and the issue of stability are only half-hearted , then this monetary union will rest on very shaky foundations .  
i think that what is possible in the canary islands must be feasible in the rest of the european union also , although the existing justification for this special premium in the canary islands , namely that the climate is particularly difficult , is not of course so apparent here . resto
we must impose rules for crossfrontier transport , driving and rest periods and , last but not least , we must remember eastern europe . riposo
i am aware of the considerable effort put in by yourself and your colleagues into properly running dg xxiii , but we should like you to put in more effort and enthusiasm in order to convince the rest of the commission and the council of the importance of tourism and make the latter give up its reservations and give the philoxenia programme and all of its content the green light . collegio
could you tell us what the rest of the timetable is ? indicarci
the preamble talks about sustainability , but then the rest of the text becomes bogged down in the allpervading logic of growth which , as we know , is the very opposite of a responsible blend of ecology and economy . sottopostoci
it is also an artificial polemic because the single currency , since there is no optimum monetary zone in europe , can only work against employment and , alongside that great reality , all the rest is nothing but political hot-air or window-dressing . resto
the third part of my report represents , for the first time , this data on a geographic basis , spiralling out from countries in the rest of europe and nearby to every other region of the world . resto
the report shows where we are weak and let us hope that , especially in the rest of the week and in amsterdam , we will make a start on rectifying that . corso
after all we have a common foreign and security policy not because we want some sort of status symbol to prove to the rest of the world we have grown up as an organization , but because we believe that our economic and political strength can , through cfsp , produce benefits not only to eu citizens but to citizens of the broader europe and , indeed , of the world , and it is on providing those positive benefits that we have to be judged . resto
ways of spending the rest , some 1.3 million ecu , are currently being studied . saldo
what will the council do to ensure that all 15 european union countries will sign up to a global ban in ottawa , and what will it do to promote the idea not only in europe but throughout the rest of the world ? resto
unfortunately , the rest of the resolution heads in the opposite direction , with heavy interference in china 's internal and external policies . grossolana
the baltic states , for historical and geographical reasons , because of the occupation by the soviet union and the border with russia , form a region subject to potential conflict , which in its turn could have consequences for the rest of europe . intera
the expression ' sustainable development ' refers to one of the major challenges facing the european union and the rest of the world at this moment in time . resto
there is a lot more which could be said about the rest of the text , for example , russia , in its unilateral statement , asks for money . resto
it was because of the failure of the rest of the world to follow our lead . resto
students who have been on those programmes or schools that have been involved in exchanges have tremendous experiences that they will remember for the rest of their lives and they build the foundations for the europe that we want to see . resto
we have offered people something , and neither we nor the council of ministers can now afford to tell them that it is only available for the few , and the rest get nothing . altri
given the results of that system , should that system really be extended to the rest of our external relations ? complesso
the group of independents for a europe of nations can only approve the initiative described by mr burenstam linder , to step up cooperation links with the baltic states and the rest of the baltic world . moltiplicazione
europe should therefore set an example and send a strong signal for the rest of the world to follow sooner or later . altri
there are some very laudable things to be done there but if we do not have implementation - much as with the rest of european union legislation - and if there is no effective legislation , nothing happens and species and habitats continue to decline worldwide . resto
what is more , the rate for petrol in the border regions is to be increased less than in the rest of the country , the so-called ' zalm zone ' , and i can well imagine that there is still disagreement on this . resto
we already have far too much experience in the union of one country or a small number of countries forcing the rest to give economic interests priority over political considerations of human rights . prevalgono
i should like to ask you , commissioner , and the rest of the commission , to think about whether the mandate of this group of advisers could not perhaps be changed in such a way as to ensure that the group identifies and sets out for the rest of us the main ethical arguments . riflettiate
it is not a question that what is good for the united states is good for the rest of us . altri
for the rest , member states are also putting more emphasis on the need to build up rail , sea , combined transport and urban transport systems and to give precedence to environment-friendly projects over huge road-building projects . trasporto
for the rest , let me also point out once again that in most of the cases where the slow disbursement of funds in the regions was criticized , the resources were blocked in the member states ' capitals , which means that there is a need for substantial simplifications and for improved procedures in the member states too . NULL
secondly , the results in relation to a common foreign and security policy are nothing if not modest ; the denver summit showed what great challenges europe is facing in this regard , for the united states wants to establish its predatory system as a model for the rest of the world ! resto
so in addition to the 32 cases covered in the annual report , we would also be very interested to know what happened to the rest and why they were rejected . altre
a biological rest period is , for the first time , required by the senegalese authorities . riposo
there has been no shortage of pretexts for it : diversity of our territories and our productions , disparities between europe and the rest of the world , compliance with criteria . pretesti
i am sure this is going to have a resonance over the rest of europe . resto
it is time we widened the law to include , not just traditional criminal offences , but also infringements of rules on environmental protection and driving and resting times . riposo
the concern which prompted this amendment can therefore be laid at rest and i hope , as a consequence , that the amendment will be withdrawn . accantonata
and yet there are some chinks of light , and it is on these chinks of light that our hopes rest : the real desire for a proper development of turkish civil society as reflected in the initiatives of tüsiad ; the business world in turkey putting its muscle behind democratic development ; the trade unions and small business federations in turkey coming together for the first time ever in an effort to force democratic change in their own country . speranze
in practical terms , what we are going to do is to extend the shielded type of contract of the barcelona meda programme - note - to the rest of the dgs , so that , if an abuse should arise on the part of a technical assistance bureau , payments will immediately be stopped , the company will be sanctioned and the money recovered . altre
people 's basic needs include rest , and an opportunity to reflect and relax . quiete
ladies and gentlemen , please firstly allow me to thank all our many collaborators , our interpreters - they may now rest their voices - our ushers - they may now take a well-earned rest - and all our bureaux colleagues , who can now stand down . they have all helped parliament to function properly . riposo
you may rest assured that these concrete proposals will be made available just as punctually - at the end of the year , or the beginning of next year - as the firm proposals for the areas grain , milk and beef , so that these southern products can be discussed within the framework of more general discussion . NULL
madam president , you might find it an amusing issue , but let me tell you that there seems to be one set of rules for the chairmen of groups in this house and a different set of rules for the rest of this house . altri
greatly changing consumer preferences do the rest . resto
this initiative rests on the subsidiarity principle . basa
i hope that rather than change a word , we should delete the whole of preamble d because it is tendentious nonsense which holds this parliament up to ridicule with the rest of the world . resto
its troubled institutional history is marked by an absence of approval from the province of quebec of the current constitutional law of canada and by the impossibility of finding , at least up until now , an original formula to unite the sovereignty of francophone quebec with its association with the rest of the country . resto
indeed , we cannot conceive of a europe shut off from the rest of the world . ripiegarsi
and then they must be allowed out of the vehicle after eight hours , watered , fed , rested and then possibly put back in the vehicle . bere
it is also incredibly negligent of the commission not to set the standards and requirements which it said it would do with regard to means of transport and staging points or rest sites , which means that this directive is ineffectual in certain areas . riposo
the white paper strives to favour the progression in europe from a pensions system based on assessment to a mixed system with minimal guarantees for employees through assessment , the rest being ensured by pension funds . misto
new regulations on the vehicles used for transport and on rest periods for the animals involved are insufficient . riposo
the strength of our proposal rests precisely on the fact that we fully respect the jurisdiction of member states and that our proposals enable specific national situations to be taken into account . risiede
there are a lot of hopes resting on the forthcoming employment summit - perhaps too many . riposte
learn a lesson from this at the luxembourg council , and do not let it become another document like the rest . tanti
it should set at rest the minds of those who have thought that this institution is simply interested in spending money right up to the limits . tranquillizzare
i do not intend to enter into this argument ; i will rest content with referring to the reply which i gave earlier to the question from mrs dührkop . attenermi
nevertheless , i believe it to be important , particularly in the interests of greece , that the transport infrastructure - both rail as well as road -should be extended accordingly , since greece 's link with the rest of europe will , if i can put it this way , primarily be through the fyrom , and everything which helps improve this connection will benefit not only the fyrom but also the european union as a whole . resto
these agreements are important not only for rebuilding and opening up the two countries concerned , but also for helping our greek partners , whose transport and trade links with the rest of the community have been seriously affected , to put it positively , by the war in the former yugoslavia . resto
is she positively rejecting all the rest ? altri
the problem of the banana regime is extremely complex , since it affects not only small islands in the antilles , but also sizeable areas of the community , africa and the rest of the world . mondo
knowing that the programme is a good one ; that it has gained acceptance ; that young people want to use this programme to invest in european added value for the rest of their lives ; the council takes no cognisance of it . ausilio
firstly the three amendments by mr dupuis , which i consider a useful addition in that they refer more explicitly than the resolution itself to what is really responsible for this disaster : the communist regime in which the rulers and their families live in almost unbelievable luxury and the rest of the population in almost unbelievable poverty . mr ford did not mention the slow martyrdom of two hundred thousand political prisoners . lussi
last year there were 6 , 000 death sentences which is equivalent to the total for rest of the world . resto
in fact , two areas need to be distinguished as regards relocations , those taking place within the union and those taking place in the rest of the world . resto
his doctors have told him to rest . proibito
as the third millennium approaches , how can we allow such a situation to endure in a common area which claims to be an economic and social model for the rest of the world ? resto
the fishermen whom i represent in northern ireland as well as fishermen throughout the uk and the rest of europe have a right to expect a less prejudiced approach from a committee of this parliament . resto
i ask you , mr president , to tell parliament tomorrow morning what the reply should be to questions about shower cubicles , travel expenses , fraud , and the rest . docce
really , 15 ministers of agriculture should be present at these decisive debates , not just one who has to act as the whipping boy for the rest . altri
as for the rest , allow me to put a damper on the barrage of praise that the majority of my colleagues have lavished on you . resto
that is why everybody has so often said that the building of europe rests on three equally important pillars : the internal market , economic and monetary union , and economic and social cohesion . poggia
it is also absurd to push for a multilateral trading system under the aegis of the wto , on the one hand , while pursuing special bilateral paths , on the other , that exclude and disadvantage the rest of the world for the protection of your own economy . resto
i very much agree with mr swoboda in his statement that it is necessary for us to enlist the public in an understanding of why trade liberalization with the united states and working with the united states and the rest of the world is desirable . resto
in the light of this we desire a bit more commitment and an objective that salmonella shall also be eradicated in the rest of the union . resto
these masses of desperate people who are pawns in crime are passing through italy and invading the whole of europe , first the po valley and then the rest of europe . tutta
i depend on the union and member states working towards a strong , financial and political independent permanent tribunal , and if necessary contributing towards it , but as mrs van bladel says , not only from within the union , but also from the rest of the world . resto
only one committee in the slovakian parliament has proposed modifying the suggested increase in the threshold rate of vat to 23 % the rest of the parliament would appear to be intent on voting tomorrow on the 23 % . resto
in the end , i do not believe that it makes any difference to a country if we say " ok , we will pay you this much for fishing rights and give you the rest in development aid ' . resto
the council 's position that we do not need to worry about that until the union has more than twenty members , has led to a proposal for a division of the candidates into an elite group of five against the rest . rimanenti
ladies and gentlemen , members of the council and the commission , the challenges of the next few years are important for europe and , i would add , for the rest of the world . resto
today we have heard that all the applicant countries have the same opportunity , but we are still talking about a selected group and the rest . rimanenti
i also want to address myself to what mr swoboda described elegantly some hours ago as enlargement fever , the excitement of the debates about regattas and five plus-ones , buses , stadiums and the rest . resto
madam president , i certainly will be here for the rest of the debate tonight and will also listen very carefully to the other speakers .  
i said during the first reading that the integrity of the council rested on its ability to deliver the employment chapter . giocata
for the rest , i have concerns , because i believe that mr giansily has forgotten jean monnet 's essential virtue , which was his pragmatism . NULL
( prolonged applause ) as you will no doubt recall , the death of miguel angel blanco sent enormous shock waves not only through spain but through the rest of the european union . resto
the energy situation which prevails today both in the european union and in the rest of the world demands well supported and coordinated actions . mondo
maintaining a high level of road safety and the enforcement of driving times and rest periods has particular importance in international passenger transport which normally involves relatively long-distance driving . riposo
if that was to occur , the impediments to travel from the united kingdom to the rest of the european union in minibuses would disappear . resto
in view of this , will the commission state how many people have been killed or seriously injured in road accidents in sweden and the rest of the eu in recent years , indicate the social cost of such deaths in sweden and say whether it intends to take the necessary measures to reduce the number of people killed and seriously injured on member states ' roads ? altri
let me say quite clearly that it was a wrong scientific and political ideology from the start to define a part of a potentially infectious animal as doubtful in terms of health policy , so that the rest could still be sold . infetti
the painful history of my own country - of badly managed privatization - is a warning to the rest of the union from which we can learn a lesson . resto
a person who has become allergic to nickel keeps this allergy for the rest of their life . resto
for the rest , with regard to the employment summit , i am grateful to all those who have noted that the presidency has taken up all of parliament 's suggestions since , on re-reading parliament 's report on the employment summit , i can find no guideline which has not been taken up in the guidelines proposed by the presidency and taken up by the european council , apart from a few literary elements that we were unable to take up but which we have replaced with other similar elements . NULL
therefore , you can rest assured that we are going to study it in depth . approfondiremo
as for the rest , personally , i will say that i understand perfectly the fears which can arise from the problems we are now mentioning . resto
therefore , i ask the assembly to support the jové report and reject the rest of amendments so that the committee can start work on this proposal , presenting us with a more reasonable alternative than the one initially submitted for this parliament 's consideration . resto
i hope that we can let the matter rest there this evening . dirsi
the rest remains the same . resto
the danish social democrats have today voted , along with the rest of the group of the party of european socialists , in favour of the resolution on the luxembourg presidency . resto
when jody williams spoke in ottawa , she talked about superpowers and she referred to the general public - civil society - as a superpower , because it was the work of millions of people throughout europe and the rest of the world that brought pressure to bear and brought the result that we are all congratulating ourselves on . resto
madam president , mr vice-president , ladies and gentlemen , i , like the rest of my group , am in complete agreement with the need to increase coordination , unify services , and rationalize a number of things . resto
you may rest assured that the whole house shares your concern , that your comments will be recorded in the minutes and that i will notify the president of our parliament directly of that concern . NULL
i believe that the rest of europe supports us , as do the governments of the european countries , in our struggle against terrorism . NULL
there is no doubt that monetary policy interacts with the rest of economic policy and is conditioned by it : it interacts in particular with fiscal policy , budgetary policy , tax policy , with what we can call the non-monetary government of the economy . resto
conversely , we have had ample opportunity in recent months to witness the smugness and even arrogance with which the us congress in particular approaches important decisions on foreign trade policy , without caring a jot about what the rest of the world thinks . resto
mr president , george washington bequeathed to his countrymen the principle of not allowing anyone to become involved in their internal affairs , and not becoming involved in the affairs of the rest of the world . resto
i have run out of time now and will say the rest when we vote . riservo
therefore , we have a lot of work to do before then , and you can of course rest assured , mrs izquierdo rojo , that we are going to pay a great deal of attention to what cultural activity means - including , obviously , the world of music - and to what extent it can contribute to job creation . rojo
you can also rest assured that before the formal presentation on 1 may , i will try to have a meeting with the committee on culture , youth , education and the media , so that we can exchange views on the matter . NULL
we will continue the union 's efforts to strengthen its relations with the rest of the world . resto
we must have the courage to confirm that the absence of reasonable protection for the european market with regard to the importation of products produced under conditions of social dumping in the rest of the world is one of the causes . resto
( applause ) millions of our people in europe are dependent for their jobs on their exports to the rest of the world . resto
in fact , excluding france and the united kingdom , where progress has been made in the last five years on the ground of financial participation of employees , in the rest of the european union a sterile debate continues about understanding whether these new participation systems should be the responsibility of government or the social partners . resto
italy joined the schengen group on 26th october last , and yet nearly 10 , 000 illegal immigrants pass through southern italy every month in order to gain entry into the rest of europe , benefiting from the internal borders which are easily crossed . resto
agreement has yet to be reached on the rest . resto
being an island in itself , and more so when accompanied by particular remoteness with regard to the main centres of economic activity , contributes towards creating , in a more or less extreme form , certain peculiarities in the production of islands and their commercial interchange with the rest of the world . resto
in fact if you look at the rising crime figures in the united states it is clear that such an abhorrent punishment does not work and it is about time the americans actually realised that they are way behind the rest of the international community and cannot point the finger at other , what i would call more primitive countries that we criticize with regard to the death penalty . resto
in this case we share with the family and the fellow countrymen of josé ignacio iruretagoyena , with the members of the popular party who have been attacked themselves , with all the other democratic parties who have felt this death as their own , with the basque town councils and those in the rest of spain . resto
we share these problems with the basques and the rest of the spanish people , and we are sure that this resolution will help us to share the values of our european colleagues , as we share with them the values against which eta and herri batasuma fight , that is respect for life and defence of freedom , which make up the soul of europe . resto
the three amendments insisted upon by mr parodi have our support , in relation both to medical fitness and to watch-keeping conditions on the bridge , as well as the subject of restricted rest periods . riposo
these concern minim um rest periods which several of the speakers have also mentioned . riposo
it provides an opportunity for young people from the whole of europe to be able to train in other countries and to meet other young people from the rest of europe . paesi
but the commission , as an institution , has been slow in acknowledging its institutional culpability ; and , i have to say , had the commission applied the principles of forensic accounting properly , then the saga that was the european year of tourism would have been laid to rest in days rather than weeks . risolta
cork city , where i come from , is 50 % better than dublin and the rest of ireland , rural ireland we call it , is 10 % better still . resto
of course the manufacturers are somewhat hesitant , but they must understand that the credibility of the motor vehicle rests precisely on the possibility of having standards in line with our expectations . risiede
that means that we will be mere spectators for the rest of the proceedings , that when it comes to the election campaign out there we will have to face the music for things fixed by wheeling and dealing in smoke-filled rooms . resto
you may rest assured that the bureau has taken note of what you say and that it will take the necessary steps to ensure that you do not suffer any disadvantage . stia
during the era of apartheid in south africa , it was again those who spoke for the oppressed who demanded that the rest of the world should put economic pressure on the regime , but business in the west fought against this . mondo
but the primary responsibility for this recovery rests with the albanians themselves , the government , the opposition and , indeed , the people of albania . spetta
the proposal is still under consideration in the council but the honourable member may rest assured that the rights and dignity of human beings will continue to be the guiding principle behind all decisions . essere
it is logical that if they do this is taken into account during the rest of the voting . resto
mr president , we see in the chamber today that at one point it was a very important matter for the individual concerned to explain to the rest of the house why he was voting in a particular way . illustrare
madam president , it has already been said but i wish to confirm that , on 3 february , twenty innocent citizens of german , belgian , italian , polish , austrian and dutch nationality in an italian tourist spot , cavalese , enjoying a few days ' rest and leisure , lost their lives owing to an accident caused during a military exercise from a us air base in aviano , which cut the cables of the mount cermis cableway and caused the tragedy . riposo
can you imagine , mr von habsburg , having to sit alongside mr karadzic in this house for the rest of your life ? karadzic
mr president , it is indeed true , as mr habsburg-lothringen and mr posselt said yesterday , that there has been no debate on crime in brussels , but i would nevertheless like to draw members ' attention to the fact that president gilrobles gil-delgado said in his letter to us : " please rest assured that i share your concern and i shall press the belgian authorities for a satisfactory solution , as far as the safety of members and staff of the european parliament is concerned ' . assicuro
mr president , i refer to friday 's minutes , where you wrote in a letter to me : ' rest assured that i share your concern and shall do my utmost with the belgian authorities to find a satisfactory solution where the safety of the members and staff of the european parliament is concerned . ' stia
i conclude that our rapporteur has shown us the way to go , but that we , as a parliament , need to rest vigilant in the way in which these agencies will be operating . restare
better training for drivers , road safety education in schools , information campaigns , enforcement of traffic regulations such as those relating to rest and driving times for professional drivers ( with a serious chance of getting caught ) are indispensable if this reduction is to be achieved . riposo
i would simply like to point out that when alcohol and medication are mentioned , then fatigue - that is , driving and rest periods - should also be mentioned . riposo
as i pointed out in my letter to her and to many other honourable members and others who have communicated with me on the subject of diabetic drivers , the basic power to interpret and apply the law rests with member states , not with the commission . spetta
this is certainly a positive fact , just as we believe the rest of the directive to be positive . resto
commissioner , you know better than anyone else , since you deal with the social side of transport as well , that the reports we get from the commission on the driving and rest hours are worse than we expected them to be . riposo
madam president , unfortunately the commissioner , who is not responsible for transport as such but who is responsible for the social side of transport , has not made any helpful comment on my request that all those member states who did not hand in their statistics on driving and resting hours - which i would say are the complement to the statistics on road transport as such , or which are part and parcel of it - will be improved , especially by those member states who do not hand them in at all . riposo
we must also point out that approximately 300 000 of those who are injured will be disadvantaged for the rest of their lives or will have health problems at some point . tutta
considering that 80 % of patients live with their families , and in the vast majority of cases the greatest burden rests on the shoulders of the families - and therefore the women - in the eu today , a distressing number of citizens are subjected daily to indescribable emotional , psychological and financial suffering . ricade
and how are traffic policy , employment , social exclusion and the rest dealt with ? altre
that is why the european union and the rest of the international community must do all we can to keep the pressure on president milosevic and keep the pot in kosovo from boiling over . resto
i feel that whoever is not in agreement with the joint resolution , although they had agreed - along with the rest of us - not to present any amendments , must remove their signature from this joint resolution . altri
the european parliament is underscoring and supporting its political choice to enlarge the european union by incorporating the countries of eastern europe , and this will guarantee growth and stability in europe and the rest of the world . mondo
similarly , the safety of both professional drivers and everyone else on europe 's roads can be increased by enforced rest periods and driving hours limits . riposo
apart from the rest of the world , there were 250 cases of violation which occurred 1500 km from this city . resto
if those leaders who are capable of committing crimes against humanity - from genocide to aggression , from violation used as a weapon to war crimes , massacres and oppression - were not only faced with the possibility of being cut off from the rest of the international community , but also knew that there was a punishment for their acts , then many conflicts and , more importantly , much suffering would be avoided . resto
however , our new deal would open up a third way not between the two classical forms of capitalist economy , but between a continued form of capital accumulation and democratic responsibility for the ecological sustainability and socially cohesive development of the societies of europe . this would represent a model and an incentive for the rest of the world and not a sort of neo-imperialism as the current newspeak would have it . resto
apart from the failings related to the recipient country , the rest of the catalogue of failings unfortunately reads exactly like the catalogue of failings for which the european institutions , and above all the commission , have been reproached in other contexts on the same subject of grant aid for many years . these include a lack of clear decision-making procedures , excessive scattering of resources across a range of small projects , excessive and technically counterproductive efforts to involve local partners , a lack of technical expertise within the commission except in relation to the process itself , elenco
the rest , of course , is down to the multilateral organizations , commencing with the interamerican bank . resto
people retain memories of what happened there for the rest of their lives . tutta
in the european union , and indeed the rest of the world , the traffic in human beings , arms and nuclear materials is proliferating , as is large-scale corruption , fraud and economic and financial crime , which so often go hand in hand with drug trafficking . resto
training is very important to us , particularly when the main participants are the professions that enable us to play a role in the rest of the world . resto
it has taken a long time , but at least now this issue can finally be put to rest , and i would like to congratulate all of those who made that possible . giunta
on the contrary , an incentive will be given for a driver to transfer from the old vehicle to the new because he knows that the two types of recording equipment cannot be compared with each other and that he cannot be prosecuted for failing to observe the proper driving and rest periods . riposo
mr president , who actually still believes in this house that the demands articulated by mr van dam - for improvement and harmonization of driving and rest periods and for an improvement in the control systems - can still be achieved ? riposo
the issue of tachographs goes hand in hand with the unresolved issue of driving and rest periods . riposo
it is highly desirable that there should eventually be common rules both with regard to driving and rest periods and with regard to technical systems for tachographs . riposo
the measures we propose include measures to promote better compliance with driving and resting periods in freight and bus transport . riposo
naturally , the main responsibility for the nation 's health and other such things rests with the public sector , which small firms in the third sector can only complement , never replace . integrandolo
so you can rest assured that if i had allowed anyone to speak it would have been mrs lis jensen . dunque
mrs lalumière 's excellent report originally gave the impression , and still does to some extent , that there will be a new bi-zonal europe made up of russia on the one hand and the rest of europe on the other . resto
i will not question that either , but i am also glad that the randzio-plath report talks about the need to coordinate monetary policy with the rest of our policies , in order to achieve the european union 's great objectives . altre
i welcome this first step in the process of expanding the union into central and eastern europe and i look forward to the opening of the negotiations with the rest of the countries who have applied for membership . altri
it is quite clear that the eu 's policy of harmonization and cohesion has to include a cultural dimension . the fact that such a delicate cultural question is present in the union 's internal relations - i am talking about the refusal to restore the parthenon frieze - can only discredit the rest of the european policy . resto
even though my colleague mrs bjerregaard is not here , she can rest assured that i will bring the matters raised by you to her attention . riferirle
for the rest of my time , i want to turn to mr viola 's report which , again , is excellent . resto
as i am in the fortunate position of speaking and writing french , i have been able to understand the basic report and can inform my colleagues that this text is totally without bias and hence sits very well with all the rest of the literature on the subject . abituale
i am content now to rest on the assurances we had from mr henderson and i am sure now this will actually lead to progress and i will sit down before you hit the hammer . sono
while rains have occurred in sumatra and java , the rest of the country is dry and may continue to be dry until may 1998 . resto
that said , mr president , to extricate ourselves from the blind alley in which we now find ourselves , we could start by voting on what mr von wogau has proposed , with parliament then voting on the rest . seguito
i believe i can set parliament 's mind at rest on this point . tranquillizzare
ladies and gentlemen , allow me once again the satisfaction i have every friday of thanking all parliament 's services for their cooperation , especially with the prospect of a few days ' rest : rest for our throats , rest for our muscles , but especially rest from the tension arising from the responsibility of our daily work in this important institution . riposo
it is clear that it rests with parliament to decide whether such an amendment is necessary after what has been said . spetta
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i am not voting in the same way as the rest of my group as i personally believe that , at this historic stage , none of the issues involved in the single currency amounts to a real question of conscience and so , in my capacity as an mep who has always flown the flag of the europe of the nations and the europe of the regions , i am bound to welcome the advent of the single currency , the first great and real push against the sovereignty of the centralist difforme
however , this is a temporary aberration and i confidently forecast that before long a scottish parliament will vote to join the european currency and scotland , along with the rest of europe , will go forward to our joint destiny . resto
the right of the commission to issue interpretative communications is restricted to executive matters which fall within its sphere of competence - such as those concerning state assistance and competition policy - , whereas the right of interpretation of primary and derivative law rests with the court . derivato
adopting a model on biotechnological patenting close to the us model , we are bringing into being a powerful bloc that may force biotechnology on the rest of the world . resto
i have also already received , i have to confirm , a couple of letters from belgium from citizens who tried to get a ticket in the normal way and evidently say : yes , if we do not take the rest as well , we do not get any . altre
to the european parliament and the commission i ask that we establish a permanent mechanism to monitor and report back on the human rights situation in chiapas and the rest of mexico - one which incorporates ngos involved in the defence of human rights and which offers them increased direct european support . resto
the council recommends that mr christian noyer should be appointed as vice-president for a term of four years , and the following should be appointed to the rest of the executive board : mr otmar issing for a term of eight years , mr tommaso padoa-schioppa for seven years , mr eugenio domingo solans for six years and mrs sirkka hämäläinen for five years . eugenio
for the rest , opinions differ , depending on how used we are to this kind of procedure . resto
the rest of the world will look upon anything else as an intolerable and hypocritical diktat . resto
we will have the first round and the rest of the debate will have to take place this evening . resto
furthermore , we cannot overlook an obvious aspect , which mr sakellariou and the rest of the speakers have mentioned . altri
sixth , a commercial policy for the union which would no longer be embryonic and which would , in particular , allow our competitors in the rest of the world to respect the rules of international competition . resto
it seems to me quite important to include in these considerations those countries which seek accession and finally also to initiate communication with " the rest of the world ' . resto
however , that does not mean we can rest on our laurels . migliorare
however , it is to be regarded as a sign of the helplessness of the european union and the rest of the international community that we are now grateful for being allowed to provide aid to the suffering population of that country , while it is those very people in power in sudan who should be responsible for this . tutta
nevertheless , it must be made clear that the final responsibility for arms exports rests with the national governments . spetta
so i am not going to support the green group 's amendment to paragraph 11 , but i am going to support the rest of the amendments .  
we will never get a common foreign and security policy by one nation demanding that the rest of europe adopt their common foreign and security policy . resto
therefore , like the rest of my group , i shall be supporting mr girão pereira 's report . resto
please rest assured that the commission will take the european parliament 's amendments into account in this procedure . assicuro
so i would request that the application be made before 10 september , and you can rest assured that , although i do not make the final decision , i will personally ensure that this important matter receives special attention .  
i do not think it a very handsome sight to see europe play a universal role , protecting its own firms and caring nothing about what happens to the firms of the rest of the world which have less bargaining power than we do . resto
of course israel must withdraw from lebanon , but so must syria , for whilst israel occupies the south of the so-called security zone , syria occupies the rest and , what is worse , has the lebanese state held under some kind of protectorate where political skill combines with military presence and police terror . resto
he has to be told that this is his last chance , and that it is not the fault of the serbian people , but that the political responsibility rests squarely with him . colpa
any attempt to explain life in the community of coventry in the midlands of england to the rest of the european union and beyond without mentioning jaguar would give a very false impression of the importance of jaguar to that city and , indeed , to the motor car industry within the european union . resto
i believe that the jaguar is a good product and that it is appropriate that coventry - not the council - should feel that was an integral part of their community and one that they would want to show to the rest of the world . resto
he is absolutely right that the recent events in india and pakistan highlight the need for the rest of the world to enter into a dialogue with both of those countries and other neighbouring countries to try to build a stability which will ensure that what was a relatively minor problem , which has become a very much greater problem , does not become an even greater problem in the future . resto
every country - as mr fayot said , and i would agree with him - has become a tax haven for the rest . altri
i hope that britain has come a long way in the past year in its relations with the rest of the european union . resto
( applause from the left ) ... which has had and continues to have such disastrous consequences in britain and throughout the rest of europe . tutta
as regards the rest , i support our rapporteur and the compromise amendments that secured a unanimous vote to adopt the report from the committee on regional policy and i would remind you that parliament has already expressed its opinion on economic and social cohesion within the context of agenda 2000 when adopting mrs izquierdo 's report . resto
objective 1 status entitles regions to the maximum amount of eu regional , social , agricultural and fisheries funds and it plays a very constructive and positive role in redressing regional imbalances and ensures that economic performance increases within regions in the eu which are lagging behind the rest of europe in terms of their standards of living . svantaggiate
the solution rests primarily in transferring decisions on regional and structural policies to the national level . trasferire
however , the rapid development of communication and information technologies in the latter part of this century has contributed to a transformation in the technological needs of individuals within europe and the rest of the world . resto
so we would then leave out the rest of the text . resto
finally , i will close my address regarding the political nature of this proposal by saying that in terms of political ecology , the european union should also establish itself as a model for the rest of the world . resto
mr president , madam commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would firstly like to thank the rest of my colleagues whose reports are being considered in this joint debate today - mrs langenhangen , mr kofoed , mr kindermann and mr mccartin - and which i followed with interest in the committee on fisheries ; indeed , i contributed to some of them with my amendments . kofoed
it is necessary to maintain and enhance these practices by improving the possibilities for fallowing , to allow the sites used for fish farming to be totally rested and flushed . ripopolamento
i am , as you know , sympathetic towards many of the ideas presented here , i am prepared to examine various questions addressed here and you may rest assured that i will express your concerns in the council . rassicurare
thus execution has resumed of some ecu 240m ; for the rest the examination continues and the commission should take its decision on 14 july 1998 . resto
and i believe it is going to be important to ensure that this agreement , like the rest , has been signed by then . altri
the specific issues at stake in the transport sector are real , but no less real are the need for rest , for leisure , for respect of the biological rhythms of salaried workers . riposo
it is clear that the salaried workers concerned must continue to make their requirements for sufficient rest and living time heard , in the face of liberal dogmas about free competition which deride the most basic rights . riposo
it has already been said here by a number of members that in virtually all cases there is also danger for other people involved as well as for those who do not have sufficient rest , for example in the case of those who are responsible for piloting a plane , driving a car or working in health care . riposo
the people who work in these sectors have precisely the same need of rest , sleep and holidays as we ' ordinary people ' . riposare
in your resolution you agree with the commission that there is in particular a need to provide for all mobile workers and those engaged in other work at sea a guarantee of adequate rest and for a maximum number of hours to be worked annually , and to extend to them the directive 's provisions on four weeks paid annual leave and health assessments for night workers . riposo
thirdly , the commission stated that it proposed to introduce or modify specific legislation for each sector or activity concerning the working time and rest periods of mobile workers . riposo
other amendments will provide basic protection for mobile workers and those engaged in other work at sea in respect of annual leave , annual working time , adequate rest and health assessments for night workers . riposo
eu trade agreements with the rest of the world should have encouragement for small-scale producers in developing countries built in as a central plank of a joined-up trade and development policy , not bolted on as optional extras after major trade deals have already been signed . resto
we heard this morning that he has a serious heart problem and that he will certainly be absent for the rest of the week . cardiaci
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we are dealing today with one of the european union 's principal industrial activities , one which on its own accounts for ecu 200 billion worth of trade , but in relation to which the european union 's balance of trade with the rest of the world shows a deficit . resto
as regards the rest , the report is wise , perhaps too wise , but there is no doubt that we are behind the times in setting a date and a particular threshold that allows us to put the finishing touches to our proposals . resto
there are many people in the netherlands who recognize sunday as a day of rest , for which reason no elections are held on a sunday . riposo
the rest will be ironed out by national laws . restante
i would also like to say to mrs flemming that the entire proposal on pollution strategy and the subsequent proposal on sulphur in petrol have taken direct account of spreading the standards of the new member states to the rest of the community , so we have most definitely been inspired by the new member states . resto
you may rest assured that the austrian presidency will pay close attention to these questions that have also been supported today . NULL
now we have the situation in which western foreign policy - which has always reacted on an ad hoc basis and had no medium or long-term objectives in this region , as we saw in bosnia - only reacts when the television shows people in the rest of europe that the blood is flowing down there . scorre
we distance ourselves from this type of eu propaganda among young people and the rest of the population , for that matter . tutta
as far as the transitional arrangements for sweden , finland and austria are concerned , the proposal does not represent any guarantee for these countries that they shall be able to keep a higher level of environmental protection than the rest of the eu . resto
so much the better for them , but what a shame for the rest of us ! altri
we will continue to discuss the question you have raised and you can rest assured that it will be a matter of concern for the council . assicuro
there is not a great deal to be said , because this report rests on a view of reality that is just so out of touch with what is going on among the citizens of the nations of europe . basa
a european integration policy must indeed rest upon the responsibilities and duties of citizens of third countries , but please let us not forget that these citizens still do not have a package of rights which we as europeans do have . basarsi
i am pleased with the content because , as mr rothley said , this directive is aimed at citizens so that they feel at home not only in their country , but also in the rest of europe . sentano
however , it does open , on the first page , with a photograph of the emi council in its entirety , which says more than the rest of it . resto
for the rest , they also help to prepare young people for the mobility needed on a larger european job market . resto
we still believe , like the rest of the world , that such encryption will for the most part remove a number of the problems which we already have to deal with in normal traffic carried on modern communications systems . NULL
in our countries and our constituencies we must lay to rest certain accepted ideas . ribaltare
yet we cannot afford to rest on our laurels . we must build on our success and push ahead along the road towards safer and more environmentally friendly motor cars . NULL
that is also an important message to the rest of the world . piano
for the rest , pursuant to article 109 of the treaty , the commission will assume its full responsibilities , especially when it comes to defining europe 's joint positions and its representation on international bodies . in accordance with the treaty , it will make the necessary recommendations to ensure that the council can take decisions and to ensure that , during major international negotiations , whether monetary or otherwise , the european union is represented and able to defend its interests as well and effectively as it would wish . resto
for the rest , i believe we should not confuse the exercises . there is accession to the european union and there is the switch to the euro . NULL
however , i want to use the rest of my speaking time , mrs mosiek-urbahn , to explain the reasons why i am unfortunately unable to agree with your amendments . urban
these are the essential pillars upon which democracy rests . fonda
they control only part of economic activity , with the rest having been taken over by parallel or mafia-controlled economies which profit from the financial aid given to their countries by the international financial community . resto
mr president , the internal cohesion of the euro zone is an important political factor faced with the rest of the world . resto
the difficulty with ireland is that it already has freedom of movement between ireland , northern ireland and the rest of the united kingdom . resto
for the rest , as you know , the european union 's normal practice in its relations with third countries consists first of exhausting all the opportunities offered by existing agreements , such as the partnership agreement ; which has not yet been done to the full . NULL
for the rest , the austrian presidency holds regular bilateral talks with slovenia . peraltro
as the representative of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights , and of my party within that committee , i would therefore recommend voting against amendments nos 8 , 12 and 25 and in favour of the rest , especially no 25 . altri
that may be important - the sensitisation and feminisation of policies within the commission and within the rest of the union - but the key should be to spend money from these budget lines on women 's projects in the developing countries themselves . tutta
these are the points that the rapporteur has underlined ; the rest is up to the member states . resto
it also makes the important point that parental leave and extended career breaks can , paradoxically , hamper women for the rest of their working lives in terms of career advancement , social protection and access to the labour market , if such leave is taken almost solely by women . resto
after that , the rest of amendment no 26 would remain . resto
the rest is nothing but propaganda . resto
nowadays , the great french jewish historian , robert aron , would be condemned for having written on page 178 of his memoirs that he and others took for granted the horrors of the hitlerian regime of the gestapo and its work and that , for the rest , they did not go into this in detail . resto
the contributions from the extreme right in the house seem to indicate that it is not on the same planet as the rest of us . pianeta
the rest of the expenditure is in ecu . resto
post the budget records on the internet , and the rest follows of itself . resto
mr president , i would firstly like to add my congratulations to those for the rapporteur , mr tappin , as he has drawn up an excellent report . in this case , the report was based on the european agency for the evaluation of medicinal products but it also affects the overall structure of the running and financial control of the rest of the agency . restanti
mr vallvé can rest assured that , if consulted , the commission will stress the importance the elche mystery play deserves . star
mr president , i too - together with the rest of the house as we have seen - can only welcome the report by mr watts and applaud his work , as well as the amendments he has tabled and which i believe parliament will approve tomorrow by a large majority . associo
in fact , one of malta 's stronger arguments for entry rests on the close affinities that exist between the island 's economies and the european union . basa
say it clearly , and your colleagues trittin and fischer should say it , and all the rest . altri
it would seem that large sums have been spent on studies and on various plans , but for the rest , there has been complete silence ! resto
such a measure would make illegal immigration from the south a great deal easier : the immigrants would only have to look for a weak point somewhere to be able to enter and then scatter throughout the rest of europe . resto
the fact that they are also being maligned by the former foreign minister , the socialist mr tobback , i see as nothing short of scandalous , because it was not the police force and not even the vlaams blok , but the socialist mr tobback , the big boss of the socialists who are here today , who described the refugees , and i quote from his book ' black on white ' , as ' gulls who come to rest on a rubbish tip here because that is easier than fishing at home or farming the land ' appollaiarsi
all the rest that was said a little while ago by one of our young colleagues is unacceptable , being not devil 's advocacy but a defence of crimes and criminals . di
i commend the resolution to the house , but i hope the house will return to it with greater wisdom and thought , and perhaps with an occasional new idea at some stage during the rest of this mandate . resto
however , responsibility for the current problem rests not only with the farmers , but also with consumers , who eat a great deal of meat relatively cheaply . consumatori
as for the rest , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i agree with all those who have told me that , in order to ensure its future , the european union must be closer to its citizens . resto
as for the rest , i am convinced that europe can fulfill its responsibilities on the international stage , within the framework you mentioned , mr president-in-office . resto
responsibility for developing the initiatives and putting forward further measures now rests with the european commission . approfondire
without the us deficits , the rest of the world would be unable to build up surpluses . resto
in practice , the us helps provide liquidity in the world trade system , even if largely at the expense of the rest of the world , the so-called seignorage which comes with issuing the global currency . resto
the euro zone will grow rich at the expense of the rest of the world , but are we going to give the rest of the world anything in return , apart from a stable currency to hoard and to pay with ? resto
for the rest , i am indeed in favour of gold coins , and precisely for that reason , mr blokland . oro
so before i deal with the rest of the report , i have a question for the commission . resto
i have no problems at all with the rest of the opinion , indeed i am very pleased with it . resto
the report also reminds us where the responsibility for decommissioning and its financing rests , namely with the operators within the member states . competenza
regarding the rest of the rehder report , i agree with the previous speaker - and it has nothing to do with the kind words he said about me - that there are a number of points which actually have nothing to do with the financial report for 1996 . NULL
i lay your consciences at rest . tranquillizzo
lack of concrete data today prevents me from being more specific but rest assured that the question of the close down of nuclear plants , which we are convinced can never reach the levels of safety required by international safety standards , remains a high priority in our cooperation . siate
yet we cannot disregard one fundamental concept that has been stated for many years in pharmacology and medical text books in the european community and throughout the rest of the world , which is that the patient should be treated with the maximum dose for the minimum possible time . resto
we welcome the extension of product liability to primary agricultural products , but the rest of the proposed changes to the draft directive go very deep , and i wonder if thought has been given to their consequences . restanti
the rest of us should be able to go about our business . influenzare
i hope that the balanced approach of this report will allow for both legitimate disputes to be settled in any eu country as well as for the rest of the eu to be allowed to trade freely and fairly . tutti
i voted differently from the rest of my group and am very proud of having done so , particularly as regards paragraph 7 . orgoglioso
have the rest of the projects been examined now , and what amount of repayments does that come to ? importo
rest assured , however , that elections in the netherlands will not be held in accordance with our agenda but in accordance with the arrangements made by the dutch authorities . stia
i am sure he will understand if i concentrate the rest of my remarks on the revenue side of the budget . altre
in denmark and the rest of scandinavia , the dominant principle is that of solidarity - and continues to be , i have to say . altri
we should ensure that the seven million people in the community who work at home are not treated in an inferior way to the rest of the labour market . altri
but important as the transatlantic economic partnership is , mrs peijs is quite right to say that the multilateral aspect of that should not allow us to give the impression of ganging up against the rest of the world . resto
the agreement may serve as an example to the rest of the world . resto
but i would prefer to discuss the alternatives with you at a later date , because we feel that for the moment our first priority must be to secure the situation for the rest of this year and for 1999 through an interinstitutional agreement and remarks in the budget . resto
again , i would commend the british government 's radical national childcare strategy for further study in the rest of the eu . resto
these countries - spain , greece , ireland and portugal - simply do not have the same level of basic infrastructural facilities which typify the rest of europe . resto
of course we have to complete the rest of agenda 2000 as well but we have to be there for the march summit . resto
for the rest , everything i said earlier has been discussed during the debate . corso
that puts our minds at rest . tranquillizza
you may rest assured that the austrian presidency is willing to do whatever is necessary to ensure that the targets laid down in the cardiff timetable are met and that the process is therefore duly completed in march 1999 in the interests of the agricultural sector , which needs a clear vision of the future . NULL
mr president , i am sure the house will join with me in condemning the action of the british house of lords last night in rejecting the british government 's attempt to bring the united kingdom in line with the rest of the european union by introducing proportional representation in the united kingdom . resto
this letter ends by saying that granting mr ocalan political asylum would not only have a negative effect on the friendly relations between turkey and italy , but would also create a terrorist problem for italy , europe and the rest of the world . mondo
as for the rest of paragraph 2 , which deals with financial calculations , we take this to mean that the proposal should not be interpreted as indicating a willingness to raise the financial ceiling . appoggiare
it is unacceptable and shows a lack of solidarity if the central and eastern european countries receive less aid than the rest of europe . resto
720 banks are on the verge of closure and the rest are unable to honour their undertakings . altre
consequently , the decision is irrevocable and all the consequences against birdal will persist for the rest of his life , even the fact that he is not allowed to seek medical help , until he is even eliminated biologically , which they failed to do with the attempt against his life . resto
a recent survey on the use of hashish among students in french schools shows that only 16 % of users are still at school at the age of 18 , compared with 75 % of the rest of students , and that 60 % of them do not progress beyond secondary education . resto
the development of synthetic drugs is an extremely serious problem , not only for the european community but also for the rest of the world . resto
as for the rest , i must once again congratulate the rapporteur wholeheartedly , along with those who helped him , on the report that he presented to us today in such an extremely convincing manner . NULL
for the rest , he did not succeed in convincing me . resto
i can only say that the members of the committee should have a free vote , and as for the rest of parliament , i shall trust in your wisdom . resto
before wishing you a well-deserved and refreshing rest , let me say that tomorrow 's sitting on thursday , 3 december 1998 will begin at 9 a.m. riposo
the work of meps is to some extent bound up with work carried out also in their home countries , where they have their regular place of abode , so that there is no justification for any differences in levels of taxation between them and the rest of the citizens they represent . altri
for the rest , i do not think the proposals meet the need for clarity and openness , in particular the proposal in the report that there should be a mixed system whereby some members would be able to choose between the common salary and their present one , and the similar arrangement relating to members ' pensions . resto
we should also ask ourselves whether the answers given by the commission are enough and whether they are in keeping with the seriousness of what has taken place and whether our minds can be at rest for the future . tranquillizzarci
and i doubt that this house will rest until its demands have been met . accontentarsi
as for the rest , i would briefly like to express our concern at the mismanagement of the programme of assistance to russia - namely tacis - and our doubts as to the objectives and results of the food aid that has now been proposed . NULL
rest assured that both myself and mr oreja , who is responsible , in particular , for relations with the european parliament , will certainly be at your disposal if you , the conference of presidents or the conference of committee chairmen want to contact us . NULL
that is why it is so important for the european union to be present at an international level and for it to draw the political consequences of its economic dimension in order to assert itself before the rest of the world . mondo
the eldr recognises that the primary responsibility for employment creation rests with member states . appartiene
at this moment in time , defenceless children and adults are dying in the central angolan highlands because , in antwerp , there are people still buying diamonds with complete impunity , scorning the sanctions imposed by the european union and the rest of the international community . altopiano
without preaching to anyone , and as our colleague mr swoboda said a few moments ago , we undoubtedly have a few things to say to the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , the high representative helped ensure that substantial progress was made in the dayton peace process . pace
traditionally too , mr president , we always find it easier to agree on the report which looks at the rest of the world than on our view of ourselves . occupa
it is of course logical that when you live in a part of the world which is so outstandingly prosperous compared to the rest that people will come to you . resto
with regard to mr lange 's comment , i hope that he - and i know he is here with his daughter , among others - is able to have the drink that the rest of us may be missing at the moment here in the plenary . drink
this means that we must vote on paragraphs 25 and 26 before the rest , then vote on the rest , and finally on the text as a whole . resto
the commission did not tell us about this until yesterday evening , and i believe the rest of the committee would not have voted for the amendment either . altri
mr president , i seek clarification on the proceedings for the rest of today . giornata
we in the european union have dared to abolish war . war is horrific , even for adults , as we can still see today at our borders , but we should also ensure that , in other countries where wars are being waged , children are never made to experience the horrors of war at first hand , to suffer the trauma that will haunt them for the rest of their lives . tutta
that may not have anything to do with the approval of the minutes , but i am glad that , like the rest of us , mrs banotti likes to pay a visit to the hairdresser in order to look her best . parrucchiere
for the rest , i am happy to attend any committee you like . resto
only the europe of integration is viable and only this europe can peacefully put to rest the discord on our continent and make the eu into a political entity able to help shape the future of a dramatically changing world . sanare
for the rest mr poettering , who says such clever things , could take the names schmidhuber and bangemann as examples of other commission appointments . potrebbe
i shall therefore devote the rest of my speaking time to some comments on the amendments . dedicare
for the rest , the commission 's position on romania 's application for accession shows that , on the whole , romania 's competition rules are compatible with the eu rules . di
mrs izquierdo rojo can rest assured that i would never have accepted the proposal if it had not been a case of unanimity . star
seismic activities should continue to be included in the definition , but geothermal events should be added , and the rest of the amendment will clarify the text . resto
i have not had time to read the rest , but i will hold him to his word . resto
censure would have led to the appointment of a temporary commission for the rest of its term , that is , until the end of this year , and this would have had an immediate negative impact on the finnish presidency due to start this summer . restante
we did so on the basis of the responsibility we have assumed as representatives of the citizens of sweden and of the rest of the union . resto
this reflects the ethics of our community , and these ethics must also be applied in our dealings with the rest of the world . etico
the union 's strategy , contained in the november 1997 white paper on renewable energy sources , has already received the support of both parliament and the council . its main objective is to increase renewable energy sources in the union and thereby enable us to create the internal base and platform needed to increase exports to the rest of the world . estenderne
as for the rest , ladies and gentlemen , we believe it is especially important that the fisheries sector participate in these initiatives in order to increase its level of cooperation and to promote better information . resto
for the rest , i have other priorities . altri
today , nothing short of an attack by extra-terrestrial monsters could make me forget that europe is the united states ' main competitor and that the united states will not rest until they have thwarted our expansion . extraterrestri
this transfer must happen in a way which benefits the macao population and also china , which has much to gain from the existence in macao of a democratic and prosperous society and of another gateway to the rest of the world . resto
for the rest , the ultraperipheral regions do not face any problems , because they all fulfil the strict 75 % criterion . NULL
that is encouraging , but let us not rest on our laurels . accontentiamo
we disagree with the rapporteur 's view that pre-accession aid to the applicant countries should not be entered under a separate category and that it should be included in the guideline , in order to reduce the burden on the rest of the budget . resto
of course there is also a little link with the auto-oil programme here : if you demand that oil with a relatively low sulphur content should be supplied for use in cars , it is quite conceivable that the refining industry will hit upon the idea of offering the rest , the mucky stuff , to ships . resto
you can also rest assured that the major companies and multinationals will be able to arrange to have their capital hidden outside the union . stare
the woman in seat 301 seems to be telling the rest of her group how to vote . stia
the duration of planting rights has been extended to allow the land to be rested as necessary . allungata
for the rest , i am puzzled to learn that there is such a big difference between the transfer fees which are still applied in great britain and some other european countries . resto
as for the rest , i very much hope that the economic and political advantages of membership of the single currency that we are currently observing will be able to sway opinions in the countries which do not belong today . resto
mr herkus too has made great efforts recently to see whether it is possible to progressively demilitarise the island , also given the very positive boost which that would give to the rest of the political talks which , as the honourable member well knows , are at present at a serious impasse . resto
as far as the addition of sucrose is concerned , i am well aware of the fact that anyone tackling this problem runs enormous risks , in particular the risk of blocking all the rest of the reform . resto
i would ask you all to let the matter rest , now that we have given you information on this issue , since there is nothing to be gained from discussing it any further . insisteste
however , the commission will word these amendments a little differently , and we would also like to position them slightly differently so that they fit in better with the rest of the text . collocarli
for the rest , we shall be happy to support this resolution . resto
mr president , i should like to point out to the house that in amendment no 44 , in the second indent of point 2 ( a ) , the german wording ' entfernen pyrotechnische komponenten ' must be replaced by ' neutralisieren pyrotechnische komponenten ' in order to make the wording consistent with the rest of the legislative text . neutralisieren
responsibility for implementing these requirements will very largely rest with the member states . affidata
at least the rest of the house did have the correct version . disponeva
we think the legislator should really confine himself to specific points here , to a few requirements which have to be observed throughout europe , while the rest should be decided on freely within standards organisations , so that here too there can be competition which does not hamper innovation but ensures that good products get on to the market safely and fast . restanti
for the rest , i agree with him that at the moment turkey is not cooperating in the implementation of programmes at all , let alone wholeheartedly . NULL
you may rest assured that the german presidency will do all in its power to ensure that the council assents to the conclusion of the agreement in good time . star
the frequent reports of driving and rest periods being exceeded - and grossly exceeded , according to the press - are prompted mainly by the fact that rest periods which are too short are counted as not having been taken at all . riposo
and lastly , in maritime transport it is essential , in order to maintain proper levels of infrastructure and training , that we should indeed have very strict rules on this for european crews too , but especially shorter sailing times overall , not working hours , not work and rest periods , but simply a reduction in the length of time that ships are under way . riposo
concerns have been expressed about the levels of checks on driving and rest periods and also about the levels of fines and penalties imposed for contraventions . riposo
so the life of these communities rests in a proper appraisal of their needs and their voice needs to be heard . dipende
will we see to it that these little communities - and they are tiny compared with the big fishing industries of the rest of the community but vital to us all - are safeguarded ? ubicate
the plain fact is that agricultural policy , whether it suits us or not , rests on the legal basis of article 43 , which only provides for parliament to be consulted . piaccia
the after-effects are something people have to live with for the rest of their lives , and often they develop cancer - a disease which we all know can be fatal and painful . resto
there is no reason why driving times and schedules , rest periods and other specific issues should be regulated through eu directives . riposo
the responsibility for solving the year 2000 problem rests of course in the first instance with the suppliers and users of the computer programmes , but because the problem is so extensive , the public authorities must also provide support . spetta
i hope the rest of the house will join us in putting it on the agenda for this week . altri
i think it is a very commendable campaign , and i sincerely hope that all those men who are wearing a ribbon today in the house continue to sport it for the rest of their lives , instead of discarding it once this day comes to an end . resto
for the rest , i think we should hold back and leave any law making to the social partners . resto
for the rest , however , we should certainly support mr cabrol 's report and the proposal for a regulation and should not jeopardise the entire project by quarrelling about details . non
for the rest , we have been trying for many years to control and counter this situation . controllare
for the rest we can say that research into and consideration of tropical diseases is traditionally in the very best hands in the european union . tropicali
the equilibrium of the societies of europe rests in large part on the preservation and development of a culture composed of diversity , on the vitality of our remarkably rich languages and , as a corollary , on the rejection of uniformity . nostre
the rest of the article is far from perfect , but provides the basis for some serious work over the next five years . resto
mr president , the fate of the haug report on thursday still rests in the lap of the gods , but nevertheless , many thanks for this great endeavour . haug
rest assured that the delegate has been instructed to ask the governor of the río coco region for an explanation , and i shall also ask for the logos to be removed from the office and from the land rovers in order to prevent any confusion amongst the local population . NULL
as to further progress , we are pressing the us congress and have made it clear that we will not implement our part of the rest of the agreement until they implement theirs . resto
we may have a very high degree of sympathy with the motives behind the massachusetts legislature but you really cannot have a world trading system in which the particular way of imposing pressure on a country is determined by one state in one country with consequential affects upon the rest of the trading world . resto
at the moment , germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of the union - something like 25 billion . resto
ireland gains because it has a surplus in its trade with the rest of the community , except the british . resto
that is the case with the multimodal link between portugal and spain and the rest of europe . multimodale
for the rest , i agree with you that if we look first at road costs - building and maintenance costs - we would say that external costs may only be increased if the other transport modes are required to bear similar costs . peraltro
the liberalisation of rail transport principally rests on two pillars , which must be acted on as quickly as possible . poggia
it should be made abundantly clear that overall responsibility for people 's health , including the political and economic aspects , rests with the various member states . ricade
the conclusion to be drawn from this is very clear if we compare the european union 's contribution with that of the united states and the rest of the world . resto
with regard to the öcalan case , you may rest assured that the council will keep a constant eye on this case and will comment or take action as developments require . star
as for the rest , of course our differences are political . resto
infant mortality is 10 % higher in this region than in the rest of the country , as is maternal mortality . resto
at the heart of the problem lies the complicity and injustice of the way in which europe is presently financed ; in other words , it rests on four supports with four forms of resource . fonda
one of the arguments that was always put against british membership of the european union was that it would mean that we would be turning our backs on the commonwealth and that europe was an inward-looking small club of rich nations that did not care about the rest of the world . resto
i always argued very strongly against that viewpoint in the 60s and 70s and argued that one of the great advantages of british membership of the european union was precisely that it would bring the commonwealth countries into a relationship with the rest of europe , with all the advantages that could bring . resto
the rest have gone home . altri
by resigning along with all the rest of the commission , he has shown that he accepts full responsibility , and i admire his honesty . dimettendosi
perhaps when sir leon brittan stops being such a dreamer and becomes more realistic he might think about the possibility of investing a few million euros in providing the north koreans with information , instead of letting them starve to death without any knowledge of what is happening in the rest of the world . resto
so a special responsibility rests with the council . assumersi
as for the rest , dealing with this at intergovernmental level and within the community , and all the things that have been quite correctly said here , we can examine them in the future . NULL
during your meetings with the members of this house , you must have realised the expectations and i would say the high hopes resting on the new commission , in terms of both the interim commission and , later on , the permanent commission to be established in january 2000 . riguardano
the labour government will not rest until the perpetrators of this evil business are stopped and brought to justice . e
and i think it can be seen as an example to the rest of the world , because we know that japan and the usa lag behind us on this . resto
the second point of debate was sunday as a day of rest . riposo
it is not sunday as a day of rest as such which is being abandoned , but sunday rest as an element of worker health and safety protection . riposo
but what pleases us most is that we now have an end to the situation in which whole sectors are arbitrarily excluded altogether from normal directives , whereby it is claimed that workers in those sectors are so special that they can be expected to work extremely long hours and with particularly short or ridiculous rest periods . riposo
i also hope that we find a reasonable solution to the sunday rest issue , one which the commission is also able to endorse , without the european court of justice raising difficulties once again . riposo
from that point of view , i have also argued in my group that you cannot make a distinction between the self-employed - people who work for themselves - and the rest , because if he is overtired , a payroll employee is no less of a danger than a self-employed person . employed
in virtually all the sectors we are dealing with here , there are two sides to the coin : not only the safety of the personnel in question , because otherwise you could say that employers should look after safety themselves , but also the safety of the rest of society , because there are always going to be sectors in which damage can be caused to the rest of society . tutta
the inclusion of self-employed drivers and a better definition of working time are steps in the right direction , as also is the assertion by mr chanterie of the importance of sunday rest . riposo
because of the dangers which are present because of lack of proper controls and rest periods for people involved in the transport sector , it is essential that we have common regulation across the european union . riposo
some of them are working straight shifts of 36 and 37 hours without any rest period or sleep . riposo
i have one further comment on sunday rest : i do not see why it should not be possible - in our modern flexible world of production - for us to agree on a time of rest . riposo
i also have a comment on sunday rest : in my opinion , sunday rest is particularly important in today 's restless world , especially for family life , social occasions , keeping up traditions and for clubs and organisations . riposo
the sentence read as follows : ' the ( minimum ) rest period referred to in the first subparagraph shall in principle include sunday ' . riposo
the agreement reached between the social partners largely reflects the content of the convention with regard to the minimum hours of rest , as well as introducing new provisions on health assessments and annual leave . riposo
with regard to the verification of working hours , the european commission has annexed a model format regarding hours of work and rest for seafarers and has suggested that the member states should harmonise their legislation in this manner . riposo
in its opinion on this report , the committee on transport and tourism advocated extending the directive to non-mobile workers and including other aspects such as annual leave and rest periods for mobile workers . riposo
in the case of sunday rest , the situation is rather different . riposo
the provision in the working time directive that the weekly rest period should in principle include sunday was deleted by the european court of justice . riposo
the question about the 48 hours , the reference period of one year , the holidays - unless we are dealing with share-fishermen - the question of medical assessment and adequate rest will be defined in a further directive which has been promised . riposo
whatever solution is adopted you can rest assured that the commission will continue to look to parliament as a key interlocutor , not only in its formal role as a community institution , but also because of its wealth of experience in this field and the deep personal commitment that has been exemplified by so many of its members . NULL
for the rest , the resignation of the commission was not an institutional crisis , quite the contrary . resto
we hope that the rest of the process will be carried out in an efficient manner and without rushing ; the main concern must be to rapidly provide the european union with a new , reformed commission that can play a true political role . NULL
rest assured , mr president-in-office , that the european parliament will be flexible , but it also expects the council to fully recognise the democratic role played by our institution . NULL
all the rest is just a veneer of negotiations and debates ; what we are actually talking about is simply the timing of a death that has already been prophesied . resto
for the rest , we fully agree with the joint statement and with what chancellor schroeder said this morning . resto
i will give the rest of my time to silence , as indeed did my colleague beside me . resto
for the rest , mr herman - and as you yourself pointed out - your conclusions are fortunately very much in line with what mr prodi said yesterday about his plans for the commission when he talked about strengthening the role of the president , efficiency , transparency and individual and collective responsibility . complesso
as i see it , that would probably then be the right time to discuss and perhaps reach agreement on a possible timetable for the rest of the run-up to accession . attuabile
it is now vital to implement measures to support albania , to devise the best way of contributing to the reconstruction of kosovo , and to provide more general development aid for the rest of the balkans . paesi
in our view we need at this stage , as someone said earlier , to consider more restrictive weight rules for island member states than those originally proposed by the commission , for the obvious reason that their links with the rest of the market are not just by road . resto
i think you can rest assured since the notion of fiscal harmonisation , as proposed by the commission and unanimously adopted by the ecofin council and as supported , among others , by the rapporteur , mr fourçans , is certainly not an advanced notion of harmonisation . rassicurarla
most of us now realise that it was the right time for this parliament to refuse to grant discharge because that triggered all the rest of the events which happened in the months afterwards . poi
moreover , parliamentary history will do the rest . resto
for the rest , the commission takes note that the discharge procedure for 1996 is about to reach its conclusion on the institutional legal side which is being discussed here today . resto
that right rests not with the council but with the commission , and that is how it should remain . iniziativa
like klaus hänsch , i too would like to say that as a result of your great achievements , mr prodi , you will have our vote of confidence and our hopes will rest on you . prestigiosi
the impression you gave us is that you did not want to talk about it , which is a shame because clarity in these matters is essential to allow us to accept the rest of your commendable reform proposals . accettazione
once this is settled , of course , everything will then head in the direction of a stability pact , and i have already discussed the rest . resto
of these , germany has taken nearly 10 000 , which means that the rest of the member states between them have not yet managed even 8 000 kosovars . altri
the last twelve months have seen the establishment of the euro and we deserve a foreign policy that matches the expectations in the rest of the world raised by our new monetary union . resto
mr president , i am aware of the bad parliamentary habit of writing one 's speeches in advance and then making them without listening to the rest of the debate . leggerlo
all of us , from the greens to the liberals and the rest , fretting over three newspaper articles , will tomorrow be compelled to accept the council text . altri
i wish i could say that these procedures always go so swiftly but in this case we have a model where many of the reservations that were stated at the outset , many of the fears of commercial interests , many of the fears of parliamentarians , were set at rest by the way in which these procedures went . superati
those negotiating on behalf of europe in the wto will have to prepare for battle and put our minds at rest : the european union must never have a political agricultural objective of bringing the community 's regulations into line with the rules of play of the global market . affilare
we all know that the motto in these types of negotiations is that everything that has been established has been established while the rest is up for negotiation . resto
the retention of the fund under the same conditions means that the infrastructure gap between the four cohesion countries and the rest of the community can gradually be closed . resto
for the rest , it would have the advantage of allowing for transfers in the case of multiannual expenditure . trasferimento
we also believe it important - and this is also in line with my report - that the berlin conclusions clearly state that europe must pay more attention to european food quality , safety , environmental protection , animal welfare , and the rest . via
moreover , part of the cap expenditure is being transferred to non-compulsory expenditure . perhaps the final say still rests with the council , which approves the regulations , but this is an extremely symbolic step and it opens a door to the future . mani
for the rest i would also point out that the commission never proposed aiming at full price equalisation . inoltre
however , we also cannot accept a protectionist approach such as the strategy where we were digging our own grave and running away from our responsibilities towards the rest of the world , particularly the less-developed areas . resto
for the rest let me say that if the member states consider it necessary to maintain or introduce more stringent consumer protection measures than those that exist at community level , they may do so pursuant to article 129a of the ec treaty - new article 153 of the amsterdam treaty - provided such measures are compatible with the other provisions of this treaty . NULL
but we in europe must defend the principle of the family farm and must not allow others in the rest of the world to import into our area food that does not meet our standards . resto
mrs danze-serfaty went to morocco to request that the authorities allow her husband to return to his country and spend the rest of his days there . resto
the contingent of 600 un representatives who are to organise and observe the referendum process consists of unarmed civilians , possibly supplemented by 250 police , also unarmed , without any means of defending anyone - including themselves - in the face of the activity of the pro-integrationist militias who are spreading terror in dili and the rest of the territory with impunity . resto
if we in this house and in this european union do something to help the kurds , we shall actually be doing something for turkey and helping to bring it closer to the rest of europe . avvicinamento
we must campaign to ensure that our 15 member states recognise the international criminal court and also that the rest of the world acknowledges these principles of justice and security . altri
the whole world will be there , as millions of visitors converge on hanover not just from the 15 member states , but also from the rest of the globe . affluiranno
it would be a good opportunity to show the rest of the world outside europe the possibilities that europe has for the future . resto
i regard friday as a normal working day just like all the rest , and i am extremely sorry that so many of our colleagues are notoriously absent . altri
i believe strongly in the parliamentary institution , and i am especially convinced that the democratic legitimisation of the whole of the process of european integration rests on this parliament , on the full recognition of its role , and also on its ability to collaborate with the national parliaments . poggia
i want to say something about the rest of your programme , because there are a number of interesting points there too . NULL
not only that but its trade routes to much of the rest of europe past through serbia . resto
mr president , the last speaker can rest assured that i do not intend to talk exclusively about the mistakes made in belgium either . tranquillizzare
more generally , the incorporation of a reliable and realistic european agenda with a view to eventual accession into the eu , which we shall oversee and support , is the only solution which , in effect , can stabilise and creatively develop relations between all the balkan countries and their relations with the rest of europe and the world . resto
they can , however , rest assured that even with the new commission , today ' s bleak situation will still persist as it is precisely that commission which is the brainchild behind nato and european union policy . stare
the rest of the ruling decided on by the constitutional committee has no place in this text . resto
but the fact that the president of the commission has secured a right not available to his predecessors to dismiss any commissioner , should that ever be necessary , means that we can rest assured - and we shall be vigilant on this - that , if anything new emerges , we will be able to take action . stare
in my opinion , madam president , the means which should be used are three in number : police co-operation - bearing in mind the progress that has been made through the schengen agreement - the prevention of crime and external relations , given that security in the union cannot be isolated from security in the rest of europe and throughout the world . resto
- ( de ) along with the rest of the csu european group , i voted against the commission twice because its composition is lop-sided and in no way reflects the clear electoral will demonstrated on 13 june . csu
as regards the second vote concerning mr prodi himself , i abstained because , whilst admittedly wanting to give him my full backing for the rest of his term of office , i did not want to vote on the coming five-year period until january and i am extremely sceptical of the procedure adopted here today . corso
but we cannot forget that not only in my country but also in the rest of the european union , in the years to come , we will continue to experience migratory pressure from nomadic groups , which is the case in spain with the group of romanian and gypsy origin . resto
furthermore , that is why you are refusing to pay for the reconstruction of what you destroyed in the rest of yugoslavia . resto
furthermore , the participation of member states in the governing board will make it possible to ensure that once the annual programme is decided by the commission , all the rest of the decisions related to projects will be taken on the ground without referring back to the management committee composed of member states in brussels . altre
the commission considers that the european union , together with the rest of the international community , must take decisive steps to contain the repercussions of the crisis in the great lakes countries which in a variety of ways , as members have said , threaten the security and stability of the whole of africa . resto
we are aware of this in belgium because we have carried out a great many tests , but what is the situation in the rest of the european union ? resto
producing better statistics and providing better information to the rest of the world about just how bad the situation in fact is , could be factors in increasing understanding among our populations of the necessity of increasing our efforts on behalf of africa , and also generally , because this particular problem is bound up with the general situation in africa . resto
no night can be restful when millions have no jobs and are forced to beg and rob to ensure that they and their own do not perish from hunger . sonni
only this week , i was confronted with one example of this in the form of a czech local authority that wants to build a wall somewhere in the city in order to separate the gypsies from the rest of the population . resto
it is therefore unacceptable that neither japan ' s own people nor the rest of the world have been provided with adequate information , and their failure to involve the iaea in the investigation is equally unacceptable . resto
we would have preferred to separate the fishing agreement from the rest of the community ' s external activities . rimanenti
our group agrees with the view of the council that the union and its member states strengthen transparency of the union through personal , cultural , political and economic relations with the rest of the world . resto
i mean , as well , all of us here and out there in the rest of the european union as taxpayers . dentro
the american decision is deplorable and it sends out a very dangerous signal to the rest of the world as regards nuclear disarmament . resto
however , the rest of this report comes under rule 186 of the rules of procedure which specifies that by a simple majority we are allowed to decide to add an item to the annexes of the rules . resto
the rest would simply overfeed the greedy interests of monopolies and imperialism , particularly american imperialism which is a constant threat to all the people on earth . resto
it is important also with derogations on minimum daily rest periods that we still have adequate rest for doctors . riposo
so it is necessary to apply the law so that they will be forced to take rest and forced not to be on the road when they are simply too tired to drive . riposarsi
in those circumstances , one can only hope that they are fully rested and wide awake and can at any rate judge whether a particular case is one they can deal with themselves or one for which they need recourse to a colleague on duty . riposati
this is why exceptions must be deleted , transitional periods must be short and the traditional rights to sunday rest actively protected and maintained . riposo
now , forty-eight working hours per week , just one day of rest per week and an eleven hour break between two working days are proposals which already fall short of the gains made in some member states . riposo
there are therefore two amendments which are particularly problematic ; those concerning practising doctors and those concerning sunday as a rest day . riposo
the second issue concerns sunday rest . riposo
if the commission decides to revise the entire directive on the organisation of working hours and , from the outset , to put forward the issues of sunday rest , which is now a major topic of discussion and one which the european court of justice has already delivered judgments on , then there is the danger that this issue may never actually be resolved and that we will again reach a deadlock in our search for the perfect solution . riposo
past experience does precious little to put our minds at rest on this crucial point - after all , the health of people inside and outside our own borders is at stake . qua
in this way , there will be a response that is sure to satisfy both yourself and the rest of us . tutti
and the mollifying speeches of the daphne programme do not compensate for the rest . intavolati
the programme rests firmly upon the recognition of the need to uphold human rights whether those of children under the united nations convention on the rights of the child of 1989 or those of women as expressed in the beijing declaration and platform of action in 1995 . presupposto
finally , i would like to point out that the responsibility for applying the convention rests above all with the member states and that that is an area in which we are strictly bound to apply the principle of subsidiarity . spetta
we must therefore prepare a framework to make us all aware that it will facilitate competition , and that it will not be just a framework of social awareness , but one that will protect social equilibrium and social rest in europe , and ensure stability and development . pace
i believe that this is a great city , where we should perhaps all meet once a year , but the rest of the time we should act in a pragmatic manner , take a practical approach to finances and work in one single headquarters , where we should all be located . resto
if you look at holland and germany , on whose behalf there was so much crying in this parliament , you will find that the single market has given them immense benefits and they have had extremely positive balances in their trade with the rest of the union over the years . altri
we , in europe , must do our part and set a good example to the rest of the world , while recognising that the major pressure for energy consumption in future will come from countries like the united states , which is rather profligate in its consumption of energy , and also from developing countries which , as their economies grow and they raise their standard of living , will look for more energy consumption , which is likely to come from rather polluting sources of energy . resto
we think that sea fishermen will be able to achieve better protection if working time or rest time is regulated on a daily or weekly basis , as proposed by the council , rather than by having a fixed limit of 48 hours in a reference period of 12 months . riposo
at the second reading stage , it is important for parliament to clearly distinguish between the elements which it considers a priority and the rest . altri
madam president , i trust that my presence here this morning is only the beginning of an effective and constructive dialogue , the results of which will benefit citizens more and more , both in the union and in the rest of the world . resto
more is expected of us by the rest of the world because of our economic success and because of our success too in building peaceful and stable democracies . resto
in the rest of yugoslavia , an iraq-style scenario is in progress . resto
mr president , i am not absolutely convinced that the developed world needs free trade with the rest of the world in order to make economic progress . resto
if we get to vote on the original text of that paragraph , if we get past the vote on the amendment , at that point i want to propose a vote on the words " and socially-balanced " separately from the rest of the text . resto
the european union ' s starting negotiating position , which is ambitious in its objectives , is bound not to emerge stronger from a round of negotiations which is in danger of dragging on and on and getting bogged down , particularly given the foreseeable attitude of the united states , which will not rest from attempting to progressively undermine the mandate which has been given to mr lamy and which merely constitutes a unified façade that does not successfully conceal the differences in the interests of the fifteen . impantanarsi
in this case there has been a series of coincidences which have inspired an enthusiastic solidarity movement in our country in which the government , all the political parties and the rest of society have taken part . resto
however , once again , this parliament is going to speak to the rest of the world against the death penalty . resto
the international community does say that kosovo is part of the rest of yugoslavia and we are creating a multi-ethnic society . jugoslavia
the project of european construction does not rest on the criterion of efficiency but on the criterion of cohesion and what we all hope is that , in helsinki , a political agenda is set , and not a technical agenda with complicated political consequences . poggia
if this were to be the case , the european union would lose all credibility in its own eyes and in the eyes of the rest of the world . mondo
i thank you for the debate thus far , and i will leave our worthy diplomats to follow the rest of it , in which i too would have liked to participate . continuazione
for the rest , it is wrong to say that there have been no interesting developments in turkey recently . resto
this strategy is certainly a logical one because we know that about half of all co2 emissions are caused by traffic ; however , we should also note that about 12 % of all co2 emissions are emitted in the european union and about 88 % in the rest of the world . resto
my case rests there . argomentazioni
obviously , he wants to downplay them , and tell us that whatever the people do , the american , european , japanese monopolies and the rest will impose their will and overcome these reactions together . altri
the rest is made up by the institutions , the spanish state and the families themselves . resto
each one will receive 1500 per year and the rest will be allocated according to current , real or theoretical figures for bilateral traffic and transit traffic . rimanenti
it is not in russia ' s interests , so i believe , to isolate itself from europe and the rest of the world , particularly if that scenario were extended beyond the time of the russian elections for quite a long time into the future . resto
as for the rest , i will conclude with an observation on enlargement . resto
in this way the council could debate and approve these matters on wednesday , so that the issue might be dealt with in connection with the rest of the budget on thursday 16 december . resto
which is why i am interested in knowing if it would be possible to invite journalists here from europe and the rest of the world in order to explain our work to them and show them the advantages of european union . resto
at the tampere meeting , much was said about third pillar issues , about internal security , justice and all the rest , and the commissioner was supposed to take to helsinki something that was already tangible . resto
it is likely that , in the coming winter , the collapsed concrete sections will cause further problems , as they are still resting on the river bed , and many experts fear they could cause accumulations of ice which they have prevented from flowing downstream . giacciono
for the rest , the question naturally arises in the wake of the decisions by the european council as to what will happen in future with heading 7 of the budget ? delle
in the united states the market is moving in the opposite direction from the rest of the world . resto
the european model of lighter , economical cars is becoming more and more significant in the rest of the world apart from the united states . resto
hong kong and macao are both great international cities ; they can play a very important part in the continuing development and successful opening of china to the rest of the world ; and in playing that role macao will have all our best wishes for the exciting period of history which i am sure lies ahead . resto
mr president , i believe this affects you as much as the rest of us . riguardi
mr president , i think that the current situation in sierra leone sets a dangerous precedent , not only for africa but also for the rest of the world . mondo
