last november , the group of the european liberal democrat and reform party adopted a position on internal differentiation within the union when it proposed a system of concentric rings for europe : the onion skin model . concentrici
both enlargement and the achievements of integration will come under threat unless we can create a system of concentric rings , as proposed by the group of the european liberal democrats and reform party . concentrici
to avoid this the european liberal democrats have expressed the hope that the intergovernmental conference will consider the various models of differentiated integration and create a concentric union , in which there is a federal core and a less integrated outer ring . concentrico
such talk will ring exceedingly hollow if this parliament does not first do all it can to address existing treaty violations . risulteranno
commissioner , thank you for your answer , which i find partially satisfactory as i am well aware of your personal interest in the matter and of the initiatives you have undertaken to combat prostitution rings . reti
however , we must admit that we have not been very successful so far , since the number of rings has increased and we have recently received reports of abuse , particularly of albanian and kosovar women . reti
the merging europe has organised itself into a series of concentric rings , at the core of which has been the founder members of the european union . concentrici
every time members of the public purchase the sexual services of a woman trapped in a trafficking ring , they are adding to the abhorrent wealth of these criminal organisations , which employ increasingly cruel methods . compera
i note that the procedure proposed by the commission for the financing of the decommissioning and waste management work on the research reactors has a familiar ring to it . disattivazione
i agree with the recent comments of commissioner patten when he criticised eu governments for making ringing declarations which they are reluctant to underwrite with money and staff . rilasciano
the fact is that you have accepted a ban on the substance we are speaking about for certain objects , for example teething rings . dentizione
of the six named phthalates to be banned as a result , two are used for flooring and cosmetics but not for children 's toys , one is not used at all , one is not made at all , one is not used because of fears it might be carcinogenic ( though on 8 february it was totally cleared by the who ) and that leaves one , dinp that is used to soften pvc in chewing rings and so on . dentizione
experiments on animals have shown the toxic and carcinogenic nature of some phthalates , which can cause liver , kidney and testicular ailments in children that suck or chew on dummies , rattles or teething rings . dentaroli
the resulting ban on other phthalates had nothing whatsoever to do with children 's toys or teething rings . dentizione
it is mainly due to the lack of information among sportsmen and women , and the report therefore proposes that there should be an indicator on the boxes of pharmaceutical products , consisting of five olympic rings and a traffic light . anelli
our debate today also has the same ring to it . tono
the arguments against and the warnings about a multi-speed europe , are still ringing in my ears . echi
at the same time , we need coordinated action , with the maximum cooperation of europol , in order to put an end to trafficking and prostitution rings dealing in women and children and the actions of criminal gangs involved in trafficking in human beings , whom they then exploit through illicit employment and prostitution . prostituzione
combining around fifty articles , which , in fact , makes for a short text , subdivided into six chapters with titles that ring true , and could perhaps be a new motto for europe : dignity , freedoms , equality , solidarity , citizens ' rights , justice , it unquestionably answers the requirements for concision and clarity and thus , also , the concerns and expectations of our fellow citizens . suonano
the tragic events in dover last june were a cruel reminder of the need to fight more effectively against illegal immigration rings . organizzazioni
the european council in feira last june called upon the council to speed up the implementation of measures combating illegal rings , provided for in the conclusions of the tampere european council of october 1999 . clandestine
i should also like to add that these two texts focus , in particular , on strengthening the framework of criminal law in order to fight organised rings of facilitators . passatori
it will only be content when its own gunboat fleet , flying " ring of stars " flags , is enforcing its fisheries policies . cerchio
today , as a tool to help us exercise this civil and political right , we have the internet , a term which has a strange ring within the european institutions and which , although we are starting to make use of it , is not exploited to the full . suona
it will not be fully effective until we have overcome the trauma of kosovo and srebrenica , until we return to a policy of active prevention and begin to deploy our available resources long before the alarm bells start ringing and until we are fully committed to defusing potential crises and eliminating possible causes of escalation . contribuendo
the talk about being ' united in diversity ' rings hollow , especially for the non-aligned member states , if only parts of the content of the reports are put into practice . diversity
there are even reports that the laskar jihad has banned all christian church bells from ringing at christmas . campanile
at one point in today 's sitting , president fontaine , who presided over the sitting before you mr president , in an exemplary fashion as usual , remarked that a mobile phone was ringing . this was just after we had voted on a document on the fight against noise pollution . detto
the numbers alone should set our alarm bells ringing . sobbalzare
having said that , we are used to a great deal of flexing of muscles in the house and we will have to see what will happen when parliament enters the ring to vote . ring
if they were to look at the development of certain types of cancer in the united states and the development of obesity in the american population , the american health authorities would surely hear all the alarm bells ringing . allarme
in the image of the boxing ring , which mr gomolka used , the east german shipyards must , in addition , climb into the ring wearing handcuffs . pugilistica
it is not true to say that the banks are operating a price ring and deliberately keeping the prices high because with globalisation there are fewer and fewer banks , which means less and less competition . cartello
the athens ring road should be completed at the end of 2003 and the bridge completed in 2004 . circonvallazione
this criticism cannot be levelled at the european parliament which has taken action several times over , the last occasion being on 30 november 2000 , when it condemned the regime as forcefully as it could and set alarm bells ringing regarding the tragic humanitarian situation experienced by the entire population . allarme
there has been no challenge yet and the arguments in my view ring a bit hollow from the united states of america about the possible neglect of our international obligations in the same week as president bush has so publicly repudiated the kyoto agreement on climate change . suona
the colom i naval report seems to have caused a lot of problems recently but hopefully we will have a solution in the very near future and those in the member states who have been ringing around and those in the commission who have been - dare i say - panicking can put their minds at rest . suonato
this is not about a client ringing up for a prospectus or something like that : this is entering into business relations . telefona
if i tell you that investigations have proven that some 20 % of young people have already used cannabis at least once and that an estimated 5 million young people take synthetic drugs , it should be enough to start alarm bells ringing . allarme
this initiative specifies that it should include trafficking in human beings , and i wish to insist that this should also include the smuggling of illegal immigrants , prostitution rings and the sexual exploitation of children . prostituzione
mr president , allow me to congratulate you on your excellent french just now , which i heard you speak in such ringing tones that i very nearly thought you were a frenchman who sometimes speaks spanish . sentita
ring vaccinations are permitted in exceptional cases but with such far-reaching implications for the exports of the member states involved that , in practice , that also involves removal . vaccinazioni
there is another point on which i am at one with my fellow members , and i know that this is not a question but a brief comment : i wish you would truly regard this parliament as a heavyweight in the political ring and treat it accordingly . baricentro
i should like to recall one further point : it should come as no surprise to the belgian presidency , of all presidencies , if it is forced to realise when implementing its ambitious programme that , because the sanctions are still ringing in their ear of solidarity , the austrian people have become rather hard of hearing . sordi
the voices of european government officials equating demonstrators with criminals and terrorists are still ringing in our ears . risuonano
in the uk , members of the so-called " wonderland club " , an internet paedophilia ring , were arrested and found to have sites in 12 different european countries . wonderland
has the commission urged britain for example to use ring vaccination ? circoscritta
we need to ask ourselves why the uk government has failed and why in particular it consistently rejects the idea of ring vaccination in the face of mounting calls from those in rural communities who want to adopt it . circoscritta
foot-and-mouth policy there is not only inadequate , because we do not use , for example , vaccination and ring vaccination but because the council and members of council are treating the threat from great britain extremely lightly . circoscritta
holland may have ring vaccinated successfully , but it was only by going against the mood in the eu and the commission . circoscritta
as far as the use of so-called ' ring ' vaccination around infected holdings is concerned , i should like to remind those of you who have sought to implicate the commission by asking why the commission did not order compulsory vaccination as a matter of urgency , that in our present legal system , which whatever any one says is characterised by certain forms of subsidiarity , vaccination is the responsibility of the national authorities . circoscritta
i am always surprised that this is commented on in a wounded tone as if we were misunderstood , as if all this were unfair , and even the answers on this subject have a very paternalistic ring about them . paternalistica
i went to gabon and south africa and met doctors who are desperate to use those drugs , who have read the internet press releases saying that the prices have been brought down ; yet when they ring up they cannot actually acquire the drugs to treat those patients . poterseli
the fact that there is still no assessment report on the innovative actions in the previous programming period ( 1994-1999 ) should ring alarm bells with the budgetary authority . insospettita
this report , though , sets alarm bells ringing . allarme
the ghent triumvirate - ' an affront to italy and europe , ' as mr prodi has said - with a europe deprived of strength , will be a featherweight in the international ring and , what is more , will weaken the little bit of europe that exists . ring
the alarm bells are ringing , the gordian knot has not yet been hacked in two , but parliament , i hope , is not giving up . suonando
the extraordinary possibilities of scientific and medical progress , seen in the light of its inherent potential , have indeed suddenly made alarm bells ring . campanelli
i am therefore pleased with the council ' s compromise proposal with regard to international roaming , and i would ask the commissioner now : what steps will the commission take in order to ensure that next year , during the summer holidays , we will not be inundated with complaints by our voters that it is still very expensive , that the cost of ringing from a landline to a mobile line is still too high . telefonare
finally , i also call for the deletion of paragraph 7 , which not only is an open attack on small-scale fisheries , but also a ringing endorsement of the promotion of large-scale industrial fisheries which , i contend , is unacceptable . squillante
in this century every shot the us fires will indeed , in the words of the poet emerson , " ring round the world " and unless you can appeal to , and nurture , a wider concept of american self-interest , then we risk the menace of a new military millennium .  
mr president , the draft regulation we are now discussing provides for the implementation of the .eu top-level domain , which should raise the profile of the european union in cyberspace and allow the ring of confidence created by the single market to shine through to the internet . cyberspazio
i really do think that the ppe-de group 's secretary-general should be deeply ashamed of ringing round and asking for there to be total secrecy concerning taxpayers ' money .  
if a study from the us state department dated 4 march , statements from médecins sans frontières - an organisation which we esteem greatly because of its commitment - and the organisation human rights watch , which is based in new york , all say that the russian soldiers have hardly any respect for human life , then this has to set the alarm bells ringing . res
if the duma representative for chechnya , aslambek aslakhanov , says - and this shows that russia is also on the road to democracy , and we do of course recognise this - that 80 % of the aid which russia provides for chechnya is not even reaching the people , then this has to set the alarm bells ringing . aschlakanow
if mary robinson , the un high commissioner for human rights , says that the economic , social and cultural situation in chechnya is very grave , despite some progress - which we have of course also noted - then this has to set the alarm bells ringing . robinson
whenever someone in the member states wants to evade responsibility for something that is important and necessary , but unpopular , they can , with a true ring of conviction , shrug off responsibility onto the eu . impopolare
while hake may not yet be in such dire straits , it is still far below the level which is appropriate , and the warning bells have been ringing now for quite some time . suonano
the social part of this resolution at best rings hollow , and is limited to lifelong learning , whereas what europe 's workers would like to be assured of is a lifelong job , that is to say employment throughout their working life . nullo
as i travel around british universities speaking to students , i see a rash of ring of stars flags and eu literature . stellato
tomorrow we must give this report a ringing endorsement , but we must also ensure that we do not tie our hands . stragrande
madam president , first of all i should like to put mr posselt right : the first person to ring chancellor schröder after his election was the british prime minister . chiamare
mr president , a few weeks ago we returned from the johannesburg summit with the demands ringing in our ears that fine words should be turned into real action in the knowledge that europe 's pledges were being greeted with cynicism by journalists and the public . risuonava
in addition , condemnation of terrorism rings hollow when they fail to take a strong line against the incidences of state terrorism committed by israel , which have the potential to create future generations of terrorists in that region . suona
against this background , statements about respecting the rule of law , freedom and democracy ring extremely hollow . svuotate
my response has been simple : the demands of history have led us to take that road , but it is our intention , firstly , to strengthen the barcelona policy , with whose development we are still encountering major problems , and secondly , to define the new policy which i have outlined - the ring of friends sharing everything except institutions with the union - which , this is the point , i hope the greek and italian presidencies will help to boost next year , given that we are going to have two consecutive mediterranean presidencies in anello
i therefore agree with what president prodi said : we must develop a ring of friends stretching from russia to morocco , without excluding the possibility of them acceding to the union under the same conditions as the other countries which have already become part of it . anello
we must therefore see the union as a ring of concentric circles which are interconnected . anelli
ladies and gentlemen , we have been negotiating now for nearly five years , and we cannot continue any longer in a situation where the council leads parliament a dance like a bear with a ring through its nose in a circus arena . anello
a lot has already been said about ' to vaccinate or not to vaccinate ' , be it prophylactic vaccination , ring vaccination , emergency vaccination or contingency vaccination . anello
ring vaccination has to be the way in which we look at trying to control it . anello
because i also have the feed additives report , i have now heard the alarm bells ringing , because many who are concerned with this matter fear there will be a treatment crisis in a few months ' time . allarme
there is , however , another important warning bell which it is our duty to ring too : we cannot continue to turn a blind eye to a number of proven cases of active members of bin laden 's network who have penetrated our cities as regular immigrants in order to prepare the ground , as has recently been discovered in france , for biological weapons attacks , possibly with what are known as dirty bombs containing nuclear waste . infiltratisi
the baltic ring must be involved in the programme . baltici
what matters here is that the baltic ring should at last come into being , with an electricity interconnection right round the baltic . ring
alarm bells are ringing everywhere , but that is no reason to simply announce that disaster is looming and cannot be averted . allarme
' seafaring crew ' and ' schiffsbesatzung ' would have the additional advantage over the expression used in the german version , in that ' seemännische ' in german still has a very masculine ring to it , whilst ' schiffsbesatzung ' and ' seafaring crew ' could be said to be gender-neutral , which would have an advantage in terms of gender mainstreaming . schiffsbesatzung
clearly , then , the western balkan countries are not included in this ring : the prospect of their membership has already been agreed , although the date has not yet been set . concordata
mr president , we have just had an extremely interesting discussion in the commission in which the leitmotif of most of the contributions - the strongly-held argument of most of those who spoke - was that it was absolutely imperative that we give the question of the relationship with our new neighbours the priority which in the past we have given the whole process of enlargement ; that , in other words , it becomes part of everybody 's responsibility to promote the concept of an institutionalised ring of friends to whom we can offer ways of sharing in our cerchia
there is a ring of friends in which morocco and russia will be treated on the same terms , in the same way . cerchia
my question - it is an open question to the commission - is whether it is not better or would be better to say in even clearer terms : ' in this ring of friends there are friends who are ever so slightly closer to us ' . cerchia
i want it to be clear that this objective of building a ring of friends does not imply any commitment or any exclusion as regards enlargement : none of these countries has the right to membership and none of them is excluded . circolo
it is an organic strategy that will increase the number of members of the union through enlargement and create an ever stronger and closer proximity policy through the ring of friends . anello
clearly , this can only be achieved with the ring of friends , while we know that immigrants are now coming to europe even from very distant countries . anello
mr president , mrs izquierdo rojo , i can tell you that what you said about parodies certainly rings true with me . parodie
mr president , all the fine words about saddam hussein 's having to be disarmed and about the iraqi people 's being entitled to freedom ring remarkably hollow in a situation in which we all know that saddam hussein has not the slightest intention of disarming or going into exile , let alone of giving the oppressed iraqi people their freedom . suonano
that really does represent a ringing endorsement by the european parliament of the need to take decisive steps to give assistance to an industry which is in crisis and nowhere more so , as you well know , than in scotland at the present time . NULL
mr cappato 's rhetoric does not therefore ring in the least bit true . suona
last week , i was speaking in hungary , and in my speech i said that no doubt all european politicians of my generation still had the cries for help from the leaders of the 1956 hungarian uprising ringing in our ears , that we could not forget them , and that these cries for help even today , fifty years later , still represented a beacon for the european democracies . 1956
there is a famous swedish poem that includes the words ' chaos is god 's neighbour ' , and that is something that rings true today . suona
the proclamations made after september 11 - ' we are all americans ' - are still ringing in their ears . proclamate
the three-fold challenge relates firstly to the use of energy as a stability vector , of strategic importance to our relations with neighbouring countries , with our partners - we are talking about the ' ring of friends ' , which president prodi mentioned - including the countries of the southern rim of the mediterranean . circolo
this communication is the first specific step we have taken since the positive reception of our communication , inspired by the president , in relation to the policy of cooperation with the ring of friends . circolo
firstly , the geographical area means that we must restrict ourselves to our closest neighbours - the mediterranean in the south , russia , ukraine or any other country of the ring of friends - and that , in some cases , we must also deal with partners who are somewhat further away , but which border our neighbours . circolo
the objective of combining this sort of policy with continuing and deepening enlargement is to create a ring of friends around the european union . cerchia
president prodi has already described this objective as a ' ring of friends ' surrounding us , a ring extending from russia to morocco . cerchia
the commission has already explained that the countries of the western balkans and also romania , bulgaria and turkey are not included in this ring , and why that is . cerchia
mr president , it is important to establish the eu 's relations with its new neighbours , following the enlargement through a zone of prosperity and a ring of friends with whom the eu enjoys close , peaceful and cooperative economic relations . area
ring vaccination did prove effective as a way of containing the disease . vaccinazione
in this context , the references in the council document to the multilateral system have a hollow ring to them . suonano
how can we ask the public to be enthusiastic about the creation of a super-minister for foreign affairs - suddenly appointed vice-president of the commission - or about the appointment of a president of the european council , or about all these texts which either are totally beyond their comprehension or have a hollow ring to them ? superministro
mr von wogau referred to the ring of friends . cerchia
moreover , it is in everyone 's interest for the union to absorb this enlargement as quickly and smoothly as possible because there are many other issues facing the union and many other goals we must achieve , including the intergovernmental conference and the smooth functioning of our institutions in an enlarged union , the lisbon strategy , the new financial perspective , the completion of the enlargement process and the ring of friends policy the wider europe policy . anello
as regards stability , we will need to develop a neighbourhood policy to create a ring of friends around the new borders of europe . anello
in practical terms , this means that we must work along the following lines : a road map for the lisbon and gothenburg agenda ; solidarity between countries and regions to help those who are lagging behind ; european citizenship in an area that has developed from a marketplace into a political area ; the external dimension of our model and our policy choices , starting with the neighbouring countries with which we must build a ring of friends . anello
however , for technical reasons , the ring on your microphones , which normally appears as red when you speak , will not work during this session . illumina
being aware that the member states do not currently want to surrender their identity at sea , but also of the advantages of all our ships displaying a european symbol , i proposed the idea of the symbol of the european union appearing in one of the corners of the flags , the ring of stars on a blue background . corona
my group does not believe that general-interest services can be treated in the same way as companies which produce , for example , plastic key rings . portachiavi
classifying the rejects as a bunch of criminals in view of the fact that they have had contacts with , for example , a number of groups disliked by the council of guardians rings hollow . suona
i assume that the honourable member ’ s question is motivated by the finding of potato ring rot in seed potatoes in wales , as his question was not directed to any specific issue . anulare
i can confirm that directive 93 / 85 / ec on the control of ring rot has also been transposed by the dutch authorities . anulare
i would like to extend the question – and my apologies for not making it clear to him earlier – that this is not just about potato ring rot but also about a disease called ramorum dieback or sudden oak death , which was first seen in the eu in the netherlands in 1997 , but has now reached the uk . anulare
that figure has now risen to 800 000 , and the well-organised criminal slave trading rings – for that is what i call them – do not shrink from trafficking in children as well . rifuggono
it will take us another step down the road towards a central objective of the eu ’ s security strategy , namely : ' to promote a ring of well-governed countries … on the borders of the mediterranean with whom we can enjoy close and cooperative relations ' . cerchia
it is a very clear-cut strategy : we hope to be able to conclude negotiations with bulgaria and romania in 2007 ; croatia has started its fast-track move towards the union ; as regards turkey we have already set the timetable , as i pointed out this morning : in october the commission ’ s report , and in december the decision , the frame of reference and the copenhagen rights ; then for the other countries we make a start straight away on what is suggestively termed the ring of friends , that is to say ‘ sharing everything anello
thus , with economic dialogue through the bank and cultural dialogue through the foundation , there are great prospects for close relations and a ring of friends in the southern mediterranean . anello
in our new neighbourhood policy we have found an original and realistic formula for proposing a new model of ever closer relationships with our new neighbours , creating a ring of friendly countries throughout the region from morocco to russia . anello
the un secretary general has asked the eu governments for a financial contribution to the second protective ring , the so-called un protection force . anello
as president prodi has said , the aim of the enp is to create a ' ring of friends ' . cerchia
a key principle of the ' ring of friends ' we are forging is joint ownership . cerchia
tomorrow parliament has the chance to give the incoming commission a ringing endorsement and , in so doing , has the chance to deliver yet another victory for european democracy . entrante
you will be aware that the object of the european neighbourhood policy is to establish a ring of friends around the enlarged union . cerchia
the commission has just proposed that he should form part of what one commissioner has called a ‘ ring of friends ’ and benefit from the advantages of its new neighbourhood policy . cerchia
we are showing how we can succeed in projecting the values that we hold dear into the international arena and extending the ring of prosperity , solidarity and security further across our continent and the world . area
it aims to create a ' ring of friends ' around the borders of the new enlarged european union . cerchia
a key principle of the ' ring of friends ' is forging joint ownership . cerchia
the ringing of many alarm bells tells us that the situation on political and social reform is in fact deteriorating rather than making progress . allarme
there is a threatening ring to such a statement on limiting the rights granted to parliament by the treaties , made by someone who is a minister for european affairs and failed candidate for commissioner . NULL
these are the prerequisites for the creation of a ring of security around every country in the region , including israel . cordone
the european neighbourhood policy means emphasising our common bonds through geography , history , trade , migration and culture by bringing these countries , as a ring of friends , closer to the european union . cerchia
for example , one of the practices targeted by the legislation is prize draw swindles , where consumers and encouraged – often via mobile phone text messaging – to ring a premium-rate number for a prize that does not exist . comporre
what that means in practical terms is that we need , among other things , learning that accompanies life rather than learning that is lifelong – that has the ring of punishment about it – along with the promotion of mobility in employment , science and research , cross-border educational opportunities , the recognition of degrees – for many of them are not yet accepted everywhere – and access to education for all . suona
i would also like to congratulate mr fruteau and mr daul , who have done excellent work and have tabled a resolution that has the ring of excellence about it . aura
the words of our president , mr borrell , yesterday in this house on the relationship between our duty to remember and our duty to build a europe in which euro-scepticism and anti-europeanism have been defeated are still ringing in my ears . risuonano
unfortunately , any reconciliation that is based on a stalinist interpretation of history sets the warning bells ringing , and they are ringing particularly loudly in warsaw , vilnius , riga and tallinn . risuona
i do not want to talk about those in terms of advertising , for that , being profitdriven , has a nasty ring to it , but that too is important for consumers . connotazione
the optimistic references to a common destiny in the preamble ring false in the ears of someone from a country that , while supposedly fat and stuffed to the gullet , refuses to do anything for poor countries . suonano
i should like to mention mr lehne , who provided a significant , intelligent and cooperative contribution to the text in question ; in december 2003 , he summed it up neatly : ’ we have been negotiating now for nearly five years , and we cannot continue any longer in a situation where the council leads parliament a dance like a bear with a ring through its nose in a circus arena . ’ anello
nanotechnology in the solar energy sector , biotechnology in the biofuel sector , mux in the nuclear energy sector or iter in the area of thermonuclear energy production must all be supported , as they are crucial both for the environment and economy , and such support is indispensable if we want to stop the alarm bells ringing . suonare
i believe that one of these comments , which he made during a meeting of the foreign affairs ministers of the eu member states held in luxembourg on 18 october 2005 , had a particularly ominous ring to it . minaccioso
when i listen to you say ‘ prosperity , solidarity , security ’ , that has a nice ring to it . suono
i , for my part , said to myself : the word ‘ sustainable ’ in english actually has a nice ring to it . suona
there are people who use the internet to entrap young women and children into prostitution rings . prostituzione
if we can break one prostitution ring with this directive , that alone would have been worth it . valsa
organised crime is on the rise , and trafficking rings are becoming ever more flexible in the methods and routes they use . reti
i am aware that it will be a long and difficult fight , but i do not want to be a party to a ‘ least worst ’ policy by supporting a lax form of tolerance that mainly benefits the organised prostitution rings , which garner huge financial profits and which also facilitate money laundering operations . prostituzione
thank you , mr tannock , for an excellent report dealing with the relations of the european union with its neighbours and the creation of a ring of friends around the european union . cerchia
the ring comprises countries that do not aspire to eu membership but are keen on close cooperation with the eu , as well as other countries that would like to become members but are as yet unable to meet the criteria for becoming candidate countries . NULL
the outcome of the vote also reflects the suffering and humiliation of daily life under occupation , squeezed between checkpoints , wall and settlements , and at the same time it rings out as a severe criticism of palestinian politicians . suona
information is transmitted , for example , between a tyre and a car , between a refrigerator and portable terminal equipment , a wallet and a key ring , home air-conditioning and a navigator . anello
all this rings alarm bells for me . campanello
we need to be surrounded by a ring of friends who enjoy free markets , security within their borders and shared values with the european union , particularly on human rights and democracy-building . anello
the warning bell is ringing on the dda . suonando
members of this parliament are probably aware that europol carries out major investigations every week to smash paedophile rings operating inside the european union . pedofili
this is why church bells have been ringing at midday in christendom for over five hundred years . suonano
however , the statements that europe does not seek to acquire new knowledge , that it cannot share knowledge and that it does not support knowledge financially all have a very ominous ring to them . infausto
we came to the conclusion that the m-30 ring road project was not subject to a proper impact assessment pursuant to council directive 85 / 337 / eec on the assessment of the effects of certain public and private projects on the environment , in particular with regard to some of the subprojects into which the m-30 ring road project is divided . 30
mr president , the arguments put to the european parliament by the representatives of the commission and the council six months ago as the supposed case for eliciting our support for the customs union with turkey are still ringing in my ears . risuonano
i was a member of the reflection group and , when we debated the common foreign and security policy , on a number of occasions people said henry kissinger asked : ' who do you ring in the european union if you want to talk about common foreign and security policy ? ' kissinger
i wish to say , on a personal basis , that while paedophile rings are operating on a highly organized international basis , to date the european union states have not cooperated sufficiently to ensure a response organized on an international basis . pedofili
a recent british study also revealed that police had identified 31 paedophile rings in an area of just 700 , 000 people . pedofili
there is an urgent need , too , to legislate at international and national level to ensure that the modern communication networks are not used to support rings of perverts or organized criminals . turpi
the question we have to ask is : what can europe do to provide an effective response to the need to protect our children from violence , abductions , paedophile rings , internet abuse and other exploitation ? pedofili
mr president , the dutroux case has not only brought to light the existence of an international paedophile ring and revealed complicity between certain political and legal circles in belgium and the criminals . giudiziari
the terrible and tragic events in belgium have focused our minds on the need to protect our children from international paedophile rings and criminals involved in the sex trade . pedofili
your line of argument here has a familiar ring to me . suona
these are very fine words and they have a good ring to them . altisonanti
when we discuss things with the council we are dealing with a presidency , but it is a paralysed presidency which , when the subject of codecision is raised , has to go ringing around the capitals of europe to check the real position of the governments , of the ' european nonunion ' . unione
while the scourge of unemployment is continually spreading , increasing the social breakdown threatening our society ; while acts of terrorism continue to spill blood in our towns in france , spain and northern ireland ; while drug traffickers , paedophile rings and organized crime continue to weave their murderous fabric through inadequate coordination of our judicial and police systems ; while all this is happening , the citizens of this europe of fifteen are beginning to question the very trustworthiness of the union . pedofili
mr president , this debate may be of historic significance if it means that , as mr santer said , the iron ring that has surrounded the cap for 40 years is finally broken .  
so i urge you to support the entire resolution and , in particular , to give ringing endorsement to paragraph 8 . deciso
nevertheless , i would remind all those who make ringing declarations on the importance of parliament 's activities that this famous - and umpteenth - resolution on racism and xenophobia was adopted on that memorable thursday afternoon by 106 votes to 101 , and that in actual fact , by expressing its opinion as it does on thursday afternoons about a more and more varied and less and less carefully considered range of subjects , the european parliament undermines its own credibility . grandi
firstly the commission , whose indignation at the closure of the renault plant had a very hollow ring , in my opinion . suona
with the celebratory speeches for the fortieth anniversary of the treaty of rome still ringing in our ears , all we have to study are the confidential proposals of the irish presidency . orecchie
mr president , the two reports which have been discussed here this morning should set alarm bells ringing for most european citizens . allarme
there are a number of colleagues who are not yet here and there are a number of people who are still listening to the bells that are ringing in the corridor . suonare
when we ring from parliament i have noticed a considerable willingness on the part of many authorities , legal and social , to take these cases seriously and to give us wonderful help in the process . NULL
it would appear that the spanish authorities are running rings around the european laws and this is a quite disgraceful state of affairs . aggirando
by definition a settlement means that you will not get a ringing declaration saying that we are right and the americans are wrong in an international tribunal . altisonante
to return to the point about the environment : there still rings in our ears japan 's vehement rejection at the kyoto world climate conference of any binding declaration on a reduction of emissions . risuona
following the dutroux scandal in belgium there was heightened awareness of the activities of paedophile rings and the alarming scale of child sex tourism . pedofili
it would seem that those that operate these rings can do so with impunity because they are protected by ' friends in high places ' . reti
the growing concern mentioned by mr fitzsimons relates to the use of soft pvc in toys and childcare articles such as teething rings , and not of pvc in general . dentizione
so if we cannot see life through rose-coloured spectacles , we will at least be able to make smoke rings , for dreams are sometimes a source of wisdom . colorate
what i would like you to tell me , since you are responsible for science and for the joint research centre , is the following : what progress has been made on work to develop an analysis method that can be used throughout the union to test for genetic modification of dna , and to what extent is the joint research centre involved with this work , given that it has already developed analysis methods for a whole string of food products using ring tests , thus ensuring uniformity within the union , rather than leaving things to chance ? ring
it would not succeed without other mainstream transport infrastructure projects such as the major c ring road , the dublin port tunnel and the upgrading of the main roads out of the city . circonvallazione
i have to say that my own office is on the 12th floor , and i also heard the ringing ; i got here just as the vote was taking place . dodicesimo
i think this is disgraceful . it is a lack of respect for this house to allow phones to ring while it is deliberating . squillino
yes , that rings a bell , because it links in with what we experienced , or at least chileans experienced as one the darkest periods in their otherwise illustrious and democratic history . dei
mr president , i would simply like to point out that , to my knowledge , the bell did not ring to announce the votes , or else it did not ring everywhere . suonato
i should have looked at my watch , but i believe that , given the stakes which have become quite significant during voting time , it would be better to ensure that the bell does ring . campanello
it would be a great shame if we could not hear anything when it is time to vote except mobile phones ringing . portatili
in many ways , the common position improves on the ideas thrown in the ring by parliament at first reading . lanciate
in the middle east , in the great lakes area , or in latin america the union is allowing others to run rings around it , and is paying for them to do so . mangiare
i would like to ring a little alarm bell about one proposal , however . guardia
lebanese christians must restore their country 's independence , they must be able to find once more the role that was theirs , regain their freedom within their own lands where , according to the expression of béchir gémayel , the bells must be able to ring unhindered in the country which guarantees not only their own people the right to government , but also offers other christian communities of the middle east assistance , solidarity , and even a safe haven . suonare
we must not stand on the sidelines in a disjointed and idle fashion and allow slobodan milosevic to run rings around the 15 member states as he has done in the past . oziosa
perhaps we could ring the bells . suonare
as victims of excessive monetary restrictions , they have been the channel for a colossal flight of capital and have fed international corruption rings , into which a large part of the western aid seems to have disappeared . inghiottito
on the basis of the length of time between ringing the bell and voting i think we all need the gym . suono
the reports on the discovery of cross-border paedophile rings are something we all recall with horror . pedofili
while i am always happy to speak on that subject , the main reason that i spoke was to comment on the success of a labour mep in having his remarks about having to ring no 10 downing street to find out which way to vote expunged from the record . telefonare
recently the commission came out with some vague pronouncements on the subject of phthalates in babies ' teething rings . dentizione
if euroland takes itself seriously in its commitment to acting responsibly , the number to ring should be that of european commission . telefono
as the commissioner herself pointed out , this is partly due to the fact that various mafia-style rings have discovered that trafficking in human life is a highly profitable enterprise - a situation which we did not have to face in the past . lauta
you need not pay anything at all ; you can ring me up whenever you like - but not at night , please . telefonare
the commissioner could ring the delegation there tomorrow and tell them to approach the guatemalan government about it . telefonare
i am particularly concerned about this , because i believe that we will only be able to defend our european viniculture at the next wto round if we are able to throw something into the ring related to the environment , social policy and quality , because the americans would like to have our designation of origin off the negotiating table and to negotiate about brand names instead .  
of course , that has caused some alarm bells to ring . campanello
mr president , it will take a long time to correctly assess the position taken by europe in the tragedy of kosovo , and it will not be done before the deafening bombing and the lamentations of the refugees have stopped ringing in our ears . fragore
mr president , on behalf of my group i would like to say how pleased we are that this debate is taking place and i also welcome the commission ' s statement , which has a ring of vigour and decisiveness . energica
what has a revolutionary ring to it now will soon seem very realistic . rivoluzionario
we are very glad that it is rung , but is it necessary to ring it for several minutes at a time so that we get sick to death of hearing it ? suonare
would you mind telling the department concerned to ring it in small doses . suonare
i am sorry to report to this house that sir brian has not even bothered to ring me or arrange to meet despite numerous telephone reminders . telefonarmi
