however , if , on verifying the progress made during 1999 , which is within the competence of this parliament in accordance with the treaty , we leave behind the stage of great declarations and look at the decisions actually taken and carried out , the scene looks considerably darker , mr president . panorama
last week , and somewhat by chance , i witnessed , at roissy airport , a scene of rare violence in which two young women , admittedly illegal immigrants , were being returned to conakry . scena
doubtless there are also a lot of protest voters on the scene that have wanted a change in austrian policy for a long time . voto
well , he was wrong , and i pay tribute to philip lowe and his team who have worked so successfully behind the scenes to conclude a new convention in very difficult circumstances . quinte
the news received in recent weeks on the way in which modern technologies facilitate interceptions mean that greater attention must be paid to this issue : we would not want our reality to be even more harsh and troubled than the dark scenes depicted by orwell . cupi
mr president , last week , in the andalusian town of el ejido , we saw scenes which were inappropriate to the european union in the year 2000 . scene
mr president , one cannot but feel disgust and indignation at the scenes of lynching , no less , of moroccan day labourers which took place in el ejido . scene
one should never overlook the fact that there are major obstacles to the indispensable involvement of these vulnerable communities : the forest areas in question are often the scene of unrest and conflict or suffer from the adverse impact of tourism , which all too often is held up as a miracle cure , and of local laws on forests which are hardly ever enforced , even where they actually exist . teatro
we know that this is due to pressure from the american government which is threatening to start proceedings within the wto , but it would be appropriate , fair and democratic if the commission were to explain to us just what was going on behind the scenes and why it is dragging its feet before tabling this directive . quinte
it offers the prospect of large profits , however , for the multinationals , who have been working behind the scenes for around fifteen years to achieve their ends , i.e. having the derogations granted , on the occasion of a number of countries ' joining the union , extended to become the general rule . quinte
whilst the world witnessed scenes of desperate people on rooftops and in trees , aid had already got under way off camera . arrampicata
we want the central bank to play its full part on the international scene and to make an active contribution to defining new rules that will enable the international financial system to operate without crises . scena
once again , we see the scenes on our tv screens of starving children in ethiopia and we remember the horrors of the last famine in the horn of africa . NULL
i support what other speakers have said about the sadac countries who will no doubt be looking upon this situation with great concern and who are undoubtedly working behind the scenes to maintain a democratic climate . sadc
after a very long period of supremacy by the party in government up to that point - a period lasting over 50 years - the political scene has been revitalised . vivacizzata
as part of an on-going exercise of monitoring by the commission , the fifth report sets the scene for many of the conclusions and recommendations made in the communication ' s review , which was issued at the same time , and on which we , and the european parliament , are working right now . contesto
i would certainly suggest that mrs buitenweg and others refrain from making a big fuss about it this morning in order to avoid embarrassing scenes . incresciosa
the closest precedent to this case was more serious , since it involved not only a traffic offence but also the mep fleeing the scene . fuga
i was at the scene of the disaster myself in january and was able to see the drastic consequences for human beings , animals and the environment . luogo
the meeting also helped to demonstrate that there is no confusion about the definition of the audiovisual sector and that radio has always been an integral and important part of the audiovisual scene , both culturally and financially . audiovisivo
some major issues have appeared on the scene since the conference was launched . scena
mr president , there seems to be a trial of strength going on behind the scenes , during preparations for next week ' s feira european council , between those who want to extend the intergovernmental conference agenda and those who want to cut it . quinte
certainly we were active behind the scenes , if i can call it that , and we had informal but useful meetings with members of parliament from the member states and the candidate countries for membership of the european union attending as part of their national delegations . quinte
that is why i think it is important to maintain constant contact with the opposition and to attempt to bring about a change in the political scene . situazione
in actual fact , we have a budget for the development fund and , in broader terms , the development sphere , where clear goals are lacking and where staffing levels are inadequate within the critical spheres , which need to be worked on . all of this sets the scene for enormous backlogs and for a control culture dominated by self-interest and fear , rather than actual results and a duty to achieve results and take action . accumulano
we must now set the scene for full liberalisation in the medium term , and the step we are now taking is the first step in this process . scenario
mr president , first of all i should like to thank the rapporteur for this highly gratifying report and for her successful work behind the scenes ; at the same time , of course , i wish to thank everyone else involved for their fruitful cooperation . autrice
it has now become a daily scene at airports to see every passage-way overcrowded with bored , irritable or even aggressive passengers .  
what has most depressed me about the international scene over the years is that , in practice , our ability to deliver humanitarian relief rapidly in the most unpromising circumstances has increased a great deal more than our ability to prevent that humanitarian assistance being necessary in the first place . scena
today , just a few days away from a peace agreement or a major crisis which could erupt in dramatic scenes of violence , we must give peace every chance to succeed by helping those on both sides who are taking huge collective and individual risks to bring about peace . scatenare
in general we favour a strong european union presence on the international scene . scena
the police who arrived on the scene failed to make any arrests . recate
this kind of problem harms our credibility on the international scene and gives european taxpayers a terrible impression of the way in which community institutions use public funds . inviano
the role and impact sport has in society have become so enormous , and the entire sports scene is undergoing such change , that as far as the social debate is concerned , we are only just in the first heats , if at all . girone
through this coordination mechanism member states will be invited to identify groups which can intervene at short notice at the scene . brevi
in finally presenting this report to plenary on behalf of the legal affairs committee , there are many people i should and will thank , but there is one whose inspiration i would especially like to mention because i hope it will set the scene for our debate tonight . avvio
and , assuming that they can afford these filtering devices , how are parents supposed to protect their children from so-called children ' s programmes , the majority of which contain scenes of violence and some of which are scarier than horror films ? scene
it is of course difficult to determine how long the serbian population will need to continue fighting before milosevic will actually disappear off the scene . scompaia
the only explanation i have for this is that the culprit is always drawn back to the scene of the crime . luogo
if europe wants to be something more than merely the scene of the globalisation battle , if it wants to be a complete community , moving , united in all its components and expressions , towards new progress and new civilisation , we call upon you , not to give us more than the others but to allow us to be citizens on an equal footing with the others . terreno
i am a bit happier with the attitude of the council today than i was in july because , as on many occasions in situations of crisis , the european union seems always to be the last authority to arrive on the international scene and make its voice heard . scena
it reminded me of scenes from our history and from my childhood , when konrad adenauer and charles de gaulle drove through german towns in exactly the same way , demonstrating that the problems between the two neighbours had been overcome and that france and germany would together form the core of european integration . ripensato
because this report , together with the reports of mrs karamanou and mrs roure , which we are also voting on today , set the scene for harmonising the member states ' procedures under criminal law for establishing maximum and minimum penalties for money laundering , an indirect step is being taken towards developing a common european legal system with courts , police , judges , judicial system etc , a development we neither can nor wish to support . premessa
the principle tool for achieving closer cooperation is the regional fisheries organisations ( rfos ) , which play a key role on the international scene but which lack the human resources for the community to be adequately represented . scena
these extremely secret documents give us a rare look behind the scenes of vietnamese government policy . schermi
owing to misplaced pleas for the suffering of the iraqi people - as if we really believe that saddam lacks the financial means to alleviate this - the tyrant of the tigris is gradually being given more room to manoeuvre on the international scene . livello
nice was yet again the scene of national haggling for individual states . mercanteggiato
but allow me to say a few words on the bickering and the battle which has taken place recently behind the scenes , in and around , above and below , the committee , and which we witnessed in this chamber a moment ago . quinte
mr president , when i look at the proposal the commission presented , i cannot help thinking of a scene in which a man is sitting by a stream in finland , trying to catch salmon with a net . guadino
indeed , even if it is only recently that the media have begun publicising it , the precautionary principle has not only just made its appearance on the international legal scene . scena
by playing with the concept of ivorian identity in order to exclude mr ouattara from the political scene , the powers that be are paving the way for ethnic conflict . ouattara
what we need is a collaboration plan between all the local rescue units so that , if one country suffers an earthquake , flood or fire , the forces from all the countries which are not affected can rush to the scene and at least save lives . loco
finally , there is a third type of policy which relates to intervention by the european union and collaboration on the part of the member states , such as political networks of women , indicators at european level - i refer to the finnish presidency and the 9 indicators , the application of which could create national undertakings and national targets - benchmarking , training and , finally , support for women in the national states and on the european political scene with an important international role , because this is what creates the standards for power and the standards scena
it must also help support them , in particular , aside from all the details which have been blown up out of all proportion , when they come up against such an indiscriminate killing frenzy , which is all the more dangerous because it is secretly supported by external powers , powers which are not even european , if you get my drift , and which are taking advantage of an unstable situation to pull strings behind the scenes , working through these fanatics . trame
that obviously applies even more to the other major players on the international scene . scena
as soon as the earthquake occurred the commission humanitarian aid office , echo , directed a field expert stationed in honduras to go directly to the scene and he was there by sunday . scena
the first is what will the political scene in israel be like after the elections on 6 february ? panorama
mr president , members who have been elected to this house have been elected by people of europe to speak for europe , to determine what role europe can play on the international scene . scena
this parliament must support his efforts with swedish ngos behind the scenes to promote the peace process for all parties involved that was started in costa rica . rica
i do not think that it requires much imagination to know which group has been behind the scenes , applying pressure so that my question should not be given an oral reply in parliament and so that this newspaper should already know mr prodi 's precise reply . quinte
mr president , i welcome all the efforts , both public and those behind the scenes , that have been made , from the moment the first portuguese citizen was kidnapped , particularly the efforts made by the portuguese government , with a view to ensuring the release of the hostages . discreti
milosevic 's departure from the scene is an important step forwards in this direction , bringing years of war and hatred to an end . scena
this ability is fine , but not enough and if it is a visible pr stunt , i prefer the kind of visibility that comes from professional respect and getting real influence on the global scene . scena
mr president , for a long time now , one thing that we have been able to rely on in austria 's domestic political scene is the freedom party and jörg haider bombarding their critics - the media in general , individual journalists , other politicians and also individual members of the public - with lawsuits . scenario
those opposing disclosure have not spoken out in the debate at all , but without such opponents , difficult negotiations behind the scenes would not have been necessary and we would have been able to vote on a better outcome today . quinte
at midday - of course - they drew their guns , but , just as they were about to fire , the scene was interrupted by someone telling mr maaten to take his cigarette out of his mouth before firing . scena
over the same period of time , however , the turkish prisons have been the scene of riots that were suppressed by particularly bloody means , followed by hunger strikes that turned into death fasts . teatro
next , these artificial creations will be used as evidence of the existence of a so-called ' european political scene ' , which will itself be produced as proof that ' european democracy ' is working well . scena
it is an opportunity for the european union to improve its presence on the international scene , defending the principles of democracy and human rights , which give legitimacy to this objective . legittimano
this report is in line with the priority shared by the majority of my group and of parliament : to improve the european union 's presence on the international scene . scena
they deserve your special attention because they fit in with the union ' s great ambition with regard to latin america and , to some extent , the privileged alliance which links us to that continent , but also because the arrangements are the union ' s main contribution to the fight against drugs , in which these countries are both the scene of operations and the protagonists . teatro
that is because the special representative , mr léotard , whom mr swoboda has already said , even before he was on the scene , that it would be necessary to negotiate with the rebels . loco
is the commission involved behind the scenes , or has it been party to negotiations ? paravento
mrs jackson , i am aware that this may not satisfy you entirely , but on the other hand , it does mean that you will be able to do more than just sing or lament on the sidelines or behind the scenes . quinte
as the president-in-council stated a moment ago , we sang and lamented behind the scenes , but to no avail . quinte
some of the scenes we have seen surrounding recent summits and meetings have , i think , sadly made it more difficult for legitimate representatives of civil society to get their point across to the leaders who are present . scene
we still saw those scenes of violence on the streets of that otherwise peaceful city , however . scene
as we know , stadiums have been the scene of appalling , tragic incidents . evocano
at the scene of the crime indicated there are two possible victims , but they say nothing . luogo
as the detective sergeant , i would say that the five suspects were indeed at the scene of the crime , but the weapon was a precision rifle rather than a bomb . fucile
whole political and social scenes will be criminalised . criminalizzati
after all , the private italian network sette broadcast scenes of people dressed like black blocks calmly chatting with the anti-riot police and then going away . conversare
mr president , i represent the region in the north-east of england which was the scene of the original outbreak and has just recently been affected by further outbreaks . est
in particular , the farmers in the allendale valley , the scene of the recent hotspot , believed that they had taken all the necessary measures to avoid the disease . teatro
nor should we forget to praise the efficiency of everyone who immediately rushed to the scene of the disaster to provide assistance , such as the fire services and hospital staff , and of everyone who played a part in organising the support network for the victims and their families . tessuta
i am curious about the discussions which are undoubtedly already taking place behind the scenes . quinte
in many places social networks are under great pressure and our investment patterns both in the private sector and in the public sector have led to key strategic deficiencies in comparison with our competitors on the world scene . scena
that is the scene confronting us . scenario
now that there is a clear need to establish strong partnerships on the international scene , now more than ever , since the end of the cold war , the european union must not shirk any of its responsibilities or the challenges placed before it . scena
the european union is in the process of shouldering more responsibility on the world political scene , and that is a good thing . scenario
on the contrary , only if europe is equipped with instruments that are permanent , operational and coordinated to a similar degree can it exert its influence on the international scene and impose its vision of humanism and the protection of individual freedoms . scena
mr president , the laeken declaration set the scene for a broad public discussion about the future of europe . presupposti
the scenes in dublin were more reminiscent of other countries , where there are greater extremes of climate . scenario
it is necessary to continue the negotiations , to continue talking , to continue moving the political scene - the centre of gravity has to be politics . scena
while i shall vote in favour of the framework decision on combating terrorism , i shall abstain from voting in favour of the framework decision on the european arrest warrant since the latter has not appeared on the scene because of the terrorist threat but serves the overall purposes of federalism and is not limited to striking a blow against terrorists . federalistico
the fact is that the international tv companies are on the scene much more quickly than those of us from the european union and those from various aid organisations . loco
mr president , for europe to be a force to be reckoned with on the international scene , without jeopardising its own security , it needs to make a credible defence contribution to nato and to outline a coherent , viable euro-atlantic security concept as a matter of urgency , on pain of being ostracised internationally and of being isolated . scena
when it comes to analysing the significance of 11 september , on the other hand , a considerable gulf is developing between the two sides of the atlantic , with one side regarding it as an isolated operation and the other as a manifestation of the new global terrorist scene , dominated by hyperterrorism . iperterrorismo
the committee of the regions is also a relative newcomer to the european scene . scena
are these normal scenes of war ? scene
as the rapporteur states , we hope to see some more positive and more significant indications by china so that , by the time the 2008 olympic games are held , china 's image on the international scene will be an entirely positive one . contrassegnare
unfortunately , adjustments in the modern society that has emerged on the international scene in the twentieth century have caused flashpoints to develop in various parts of the various continents ; it has not been possible to defuse these flashpoints , because they are highly charged both politically and emotionally . assestamenti
i am sure you have all witnessed in your countries , as i have witnessed in mine , the boom in cheap ' big brother ' type television programmes in which people agree to be imprisoned , for want of a better word , while viewers are invited to peep through the keyhole , waiting for something titillating to happen , usually - to be frank - a sex scene , or for something unexpected or interesting to happen . parliamoci
madam president , this debate is proving to be rather heated even in the discussions going on behind the scenes . quinte
what might have seemed scenes from dramatic films until a few years ago are now images we see daily in the media : ramshackle old lighters , disused barges , sailing boats from the time of sandokan the pirate and overflowing dinghies bring hundreds upon hundreds of despairing people to our shores who have often spent copious amounts of money to get that far and are subjected to days and days of deprivation and hardship . NULL
i should like this to be noted and for you to intervene in order to ensure that we do not witness a repeat occurrence of such ugly scenes . scene
if it were case that members could show that their position as members of this house , as legislators on the european scene , was being prejudiced by conduct of a member state and there was no way to bring this before the house solely because no appropriate authority in a member state had sought to have the immunity waived , this would in itself be clearly an unsatisfactory state of affairs . legislatore
equatorial guinea is at present the scene of unacceptable violations of basic human rights . teatro
on the other hand , and in light of this call to speak in modern and contemporary terms and with an understanding of the technological revolution that is going to revolutionise the cultural scene , i should also like to say that the daring and the courageousness of calling outright for the conservation of our audiovisual heritage seem most appropriate .  
or is configuring and developing a european satellite communications system not a step forward in new technologies , significantly changing the current scene and breaking a monopoly that some considered to be irreversible ? panorama
these efforts will be in vain , however , if our negotiators do not commit themselves to defending our agricultural production with conviction on the international scene . scena
mr president , in every part of the world we see examples of violence and cruelty by individuals and sometimes appalling scenes of mob violence and lynch rule . scene
if we look elsewhere on the continent , the scene is no more promising : instability in venezuela , an extremely delicate situation in colombia , a spectacular fall in public support for president toledo in peru - who is due to visit this house in december - and general unease throughout the region . panorama
in this respect , i hope the commission will continue its efforts on the international scene to impress upon the us the necessity to come on board on this vital issue . scena
we are acting on the international scene by encouraging countries on the outside , such as the us , to sign up . livello
i shall leave it there , as i have covered the agricultural scene totally . panorama
we want to live in an area of security , freedom and justice , and the fight against international terrorism is the most important challenge on the foreign and security policy scene . estera
since 1996 , when the first guidelines were adopted , certain salient events have taken place on the european energy scene . scenario
they have also resisted the temptation to destabilise afghanistan and have indicated they will not attempt to foment instability in iraq in the event of saddam hussein 's departure from the scene . scena
for several days , teheran has been the scene of heated student protests and , i am glad to say , president khatami has announced that he does not support the sentence , which was ordered to be reviewed on 17 november by supreme leader khamenei . NULL
i would also urge everyone to see this apocalyptic scene for themselves , as the reality is much worse than the television footage . scena
the prestige - as mr haarder will be aware - could also have broken up in the ' kadettrinne ' , one of the most dangerous places in the baltic sea , the scene of innumerable accidents , near-accidents and ships being driven the wrong way . teatro
we cannot want to strengthen the liability system and at the same time reject the idea of a parliamentary body such as ours going to the scene to find out what happened and drawing the appropriate conclusions . recarsi
mr president , there are so many worrying things on the international scene that ought to spur us to action that we no longer know which way to look . scena
it is , however , by balancing its components and respect for its diversity that it will become a europe that is more democratic , safer , more developed and definitely more respected on the international scene . livello
it may be that some influence has already been brought to bear behind the scenes here . quinte
the international situation is not good and the time has come for us to hold a debate within this institution to consider how the most burning issues currently on the international scene can be viewed , and if possible resolved , from a european perspective . scena
methods such as heroin injections under supervision , injection rooms , open-drug scenes and on-the-spot anonymous testing of substances require more research and evaluation before they can be generally recommended . consigliati
we have already met both mr powell and mrs rice and other political figures on the american political scene in a bid to ensure that there is a substantive debate between the european union and president bush on these issues at the summit council in june . scena
another influential player on the scene today is the franco-german alliance , which will have held good , even though it means paying the price of political courage in the face of a greater power . tedesca
we are europeans , in other words we believe in the virtues of debate and conviction , in the uselessness of humiliation and in the need to allow everyone their place on the international scene , and we believe , above all , in international law . scena
the commission has been working hard behind the scenes , in cooperation with international agencies , to contribute to the humanitarian assistance that may be needed . quinte
i believe that european masters and postgraduate programmes should help the universities to create partnerships amongst each other ; so that they can make free use of the world scene to come together , without external controls , except quality indicators . scena
the implementation of the ' erasmus mundus ' programme must lead european companies to build lasting partnerships with universities , an essential means to give european courses the means for their excellence , to put european universities at the forefront of the international scene , to slow the brain drain from europe to the united states , and to ... scena
i am convinced that there is a struggle going on not only in public , but also - and in particular - behind the scenes at the moment , between on the one hand the reformers , the new government , the new parliament , many human rights organisations and other reformers and on the other the conservatives , who are still very strongly represented , in the army , in the bureaucracy , and also in the judiciary . quinte
i also wish to thank the committee 's secretariat , which was a valued and ever-reliable support to me in my task as it did its coordinating work behind the scenes . quinte
george bush decides to monopolise the management of the road-map for the middle east , with all the risks entailed by his complicity with sharon and the latter 's reservations on the very substance of the commitments to be made ; the european union , despite having jointly initiated this fragile hope of peace , allows itself to be ousted from the scene with no resistance . scena
- ( fr ) we voted against the leinen report on the statute and financing of european political parties because we believe it is indecent to take money from taxpayers in order to preserve these artificial bodies , the main object of which is to make people believe that there is a real european political scene , participating in european democracy . indecente
greece showed it could open up to turkey , that great country which has always been present on the european political scene , in the good times and in the bad . scena
its conclusion was determined by negotiations and haggling behind the scenes , with nations ' own interests being played off against the european interest , and threats of vetoes being used . quinte
cancún was the scene of a propaganda game , and there is certainly no need to explain to the heirs of the princes metternich and talleyrand the significance of propaganda in international politics . giocata
few are able to survey the whole scene and few have the knack of seeing systems as an organic whole . costruirsi
the treaty of nice made a timely appearance on the scene and provided one ( article 191 ( 4 ) tec ) , but an implementing regulation is still required . fornendone
human rights are trampled on with impunity in the process , as the british representative , sir jeffrey james , found on the scene . jeffrey
in the last debate , and in the corridors and behind the scenes , i have heard people calling for compromise . quinte
i should like to thank the council and the commission for the helpful statements they have made today , and all the speakers in the debate – in particular mr rothley and mr gargani for their exceptional contributions behind the scenes , over such a long period of time and , in particular , during the italian presidency . quinte
the objectives and principles are everything that we in europe would ask for and insist on , including eradication of poverty , raising the status of africa on the world scene , making good governance a basic requirement , building a peaceful , secure and stable continent able to energise its economies to take advantage of world trade , and trying to ensure that the millennium development goals in the area of health and education are met . scena
it will be for commissioner vitorino to come to the june council with his retrospective look at what has been achieved in the time period contemplated by the amsterdam treaty and to set the scene , if he will , for a tampere ii agenda , the starting process for which will be developed under the netherlands presidency . contesto
a consumer group , animal protection group or local media organisation will be able to request the inspection reports and thus be responsible for this function , telling people how things appear behind the scenes . quinte
– mr president , there are now only fifty days remaining of the long journey that began with the scenes of joy on 9 november 1989 under the brandenburg gate in berlin . scene
mr president , all those involved behind the scenes are working very hard under the guidance of the rapporteur in order to complete this dossier before the end of this mandate . NULL
the scene of the crime is generally in the czech republic , which is an accession country , and the customers , those who spend the money , are , lamentably enough , mainly from the present eu – from germany , in fact , so this is a cross-border problem . NULL
thank you , as enda kenny said recently in the dáil , to the permanent representation and all the civil servants behind the scenes who made this technically a very good presidency . quinte
compromises have already been negotiated behind the scenes , and a double majority , with population as a decisive element , has been approved as a principle . NULL
albania , as i mentioned earlier , is one of the countries alleged to be the scene of activities of trafficking in children 's organs , whose destination is , allegedly , the european union . suppone
we would also like to thank the rapporteur for his work with the council behind the scenes . quinte
we need to influence the economic attractiveness of recycling and set the scene for materials to re-enter the economy . presupposti
more importantly , in some ways , i should like to thank the services , who do an incredible amount of work behind the scenes and do not get the credit that they deserve . quinte
this oil-producing country , where the extreme wealth of a tiny minority contrasts with the extreme poverty of the population , is once again the scene of religious confrontations which , last month , caused 20 deaths when a village was attacked in the state of plateau , a state principally inhabited by christians . teatro
monnet tended to work quietly behind the scenes , using his legendary international networking skills to build the widest case for a new europe . NULL
the more democratic our european institutions , the greater will be the respect for our union on the international scene . scena
– mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , mrs flautre just said that the primary issue had to be the nature of russian information policy , what was manipulative about it , how it was that journalists were kept away from the scene , and so on . manipolatorie
that is not the first question that must be raised , but what is , is our compassion for the victims , and so it was a mistake on the part of the dutch presidency of the council to start by demanding reports from the scene on information policy and everything else , rather than making it an absolute priority to express concern at the dimensions terror was taking on . attentato
the incident has had repercussions right across europe ; it is all over the media , for there is of course more to it behind the scenes . punta
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is inconceivable that we are discussing the maldives when this name evokes for us all holidays and a scene of paradise . paradisiaca
if this anecdote were to be translated , taken seriously , and adapted for the european parliament , mr barroso would have a successful career ahead of him in america , and many outstanding politicians and speakers in this house would triumph over the political scene in my country . scena
the government , president kuchma , with the oligarchs supporting him behind the scenes , and the russian president putin who yesterday started a visit to the ukraine lasting several days , support their own candidate , prime minister yanukovych . quinte
the prosaic and everyday nature of the scene of bustling shoppers and market stalls contrasted brutally with the clear-up operation that was taking place , with human remains being scraped off the canopies of the market stalls . indaffarate
what matters is that this europe does not stay looking on , in its torpor and its rhetoric , but instead makes itself active and efficacious in practice on the international scene . scenario
she disappeared from the dutch political scene fifteen years ago and has since , on a number of occasions , been the subject of adverse news coverage because of her previous actions as minister and her subsequent conduct as a businesswoman . scena
prime minister balkenende , in his capacity of president of the european council , has been working behind the scenes constantly . quinte
the truth is that you have taken up your responsibilities at a very delicate time on the international scene ; you have been at the international conference on iraq ; you have met on the sidelines with the quartet to deal with the relaunch of the roadmap for the middle east peace process following the death of yasser arafat ; you have had to attend this european union-russia summit ; we have the political crisis in ukraine . scena
i regret the scenes we have seen recently in spain , italy and elsewhere , which show racism in football on the increase again . scene
what i am wondering is that with an agenda of which i have only mentioned a few topics , with the desire for a joint , eu-level external service , what resources will we use to seek to influence the international scene ? scena
for the time being the budgetary resources available only permit financing of experts who travel to the scene of disasters to assess needs for assistance . recano
i believe that the european union will play a stronger role on the international scene . scena
in february of this year , belarus was also the scene of protests relating to economic issues . teatro
as mrs carlshamre said a minute or two ago , the eu , too , is the scene of genital mutilations , honour killings and forced marriages . carlshamre
we believe that such regrettable scenes as those in istanbul in recent days should be condemned . scene
it can only be beneficial to involve the public in that battle , not to do it behind the scenes in the complex way you describe . quinte
with regard to the crucial issues currently occupying the international scene , we can see a very broad convergence of opinions between the united states and the eu . scena
it is a fact that the forensic clean-up of the murder scene , the intimidation of witnesses , the offer by the ira to murder the murderers and the refusal to cooperate with the police service of northern ireland are politically motivated and cannot be separated from the murder itself . scena
madam president , in george orwell ’ s ‘ animal farm ’ , there is a scene that is repeated in which , as soon as a debate is to take place , the sheep begin to call out ‘ four legs good , two legs bad ’ . scena
europe must make its voice heard loud and clear on the international scene . scena
- secondly , china is becoming stronger and stronger on the world political scene ; scena
the dutch then buried it and now , in a scene that reminds me of the hammer house of horror , the arm is reaching up out of the coffin . scena
i was there as a witness when you signed it in rome , and i think it is marvellous how the united kingdom , under your presidency of the council , is committing itself to the constitution ; there are quite enough people who are committing themselves to it in public and doing something different behind the scenes . quinte
mr president , ‘ everyone belongs to the world and the world belongs to everyone ’ , according to my favourite dutch musician , thé lau of the scene , and also according to live 8 , as transmitted on 140 television channels . lau
the appearance on the world trade scene of new , aggressive global players , in particular china and india , makes it necessary to review the traditional objectives of community trade policy , characterised by the maximum opening up of the markets to assist in promoting european industry worldwide . scenario
the current scene and the way it is likely to develop , however , dictate a more prudent approach , aimed at protecting european industry in the face of unbalanced and destructive competition . scenario
following the news of the attempted bomb attack on the president of the alliance of vojvodina hungarians , józsef kasza , i went to visit the scene last week . scena
as a donor , the commission could have acted more swiftly if , in the spring , it had discovered , there at the scene , the humanitarian organisations it had hoped to find . cercate
any president of the commission who wanted to implement his own ambitious programme ought , after the failure of the financial perspective , to have made a scene about it and denounced it as a road to ruin for the european union ! clamorosamente
he would like to be able to deport preachers of hatred and terrorists – who are , admittedly , frightening presences on the contemporary scene – even if they face torture or the death penalty in their country of origin . scena
on the steep slopes of the river douro in northern portugal , successive generations have for centuries sculpted the mountains with their bare hands and miraculously transformed the stones of a desolate landscape into a scene of extraordinary beauty , which is now classified as a world heritage site . scenario
a few months later and alas , one of our new representatives disappeared from the scene and from this parliament . scena
as far as the textile and clothing sector is concerned , the scene for what is happening today was set a decade ago . scenario
mr president , my country , flanders , too , has been the scene of terror on the streets over the past few weeks , with gangs of north african immigrants giving full vent to their hatred towards our western society and taking it out on public and private property . teatro
if you want to have an accurate view of the social dimension of globalisation , i invite you to go and be a tourist in the 300 french towns that , for the last 18 days , have been the scenes of social uprisings , ethnic riots and anti-french hatred , with burning cars and destroyed schools , creches , gymnasiums and hospitals , and all this without mentioning the systematic and widespread attacks on fire fighters and law enforcement officers . teatro
for a long time we have been arguing that europe has an ethical and political responsibility to make a decisive contribution to development in africa , but in recent times it should be clear to everybody that that development has also become absolutely essential in order to maintain both stability on the international scene and stability and prosperity in europe . scena
not least in view of china and india arriving on the scene , vietnam is the linchpin in our relations with asia , but human rights should form an integral part of this . scena
the real reason why the big energy companies , like rwe and e.on , fought this directive tooth and nail behind the scenes in the commission , in this house and in the council , right up to the very end , is that the prospect of a market in the saving of energy terrifies them . quinte
this house is where many political initiatives are started , and the scene of many debates , and we would very much like to see you drawing on our debates as a source for initiatives that eventually bear fruit in legislation . ospitato
i think that , when it comes to combating climate change , the commission is showing leadership on the world scene . livello
this entire matter has all the hallmarks of sordid political manipulation , with the sole aim of removing an irreproachable man from the political scene . scena
this will , frankly , be an important but difficult european council , but , approached with flexibility and vision , we can make significant progress on some of the most important issues facing the union and set the scene for further work by our austrian and finnish colleagues in the coming year . premesse
i asked this question precisely because colombia is in the process of becoming the scene for our second largest refugee disaster . scenario
the eu is more outward looking than it is often given credit for , and while the past years have seen internal preoccupations claiming the most headlines , most of the achievements have been external , often behind the scenes . quinte
through the will of the members of this parliament , through the will of the citizens of europe and through the will of the governments of europe , the european union must be a fundamental player on the international scene . scena
i am convinced that we should set the scene for industry to develop a market for this type of equipment . condizioni
on numerous occasions we face situations in which the assistance was available but there were no means for moving it to the scene of the emergency . mancavano
commissioner , you can make an initial contribution to bringing about that more comprehensive view by not approving the eight new pesticides that are coming on the scene and that are biopersistent , endocrine disruptive and class 2 carcinogenic – a wordy enumeration of the perfect reasons for banning chemicals . biopersistenti
i was stopped at the border and witnessed the whole ridiculous scene ; the absurdness of the train waiting for an hour at the polish-belarusian border , the people looking on in horror then crossing the border , terrified . scena
these negotiations , discussions and preparations need to take place behind the scenes . chiuse
it makes it possible for the emergency services to get so much more quickly to the scene of the accident , particularly when it is somewhere isolated and hard to reach , and this would cut up to eur 26 billion per annum from the costs resulting from accidents , so the initial expenditure of four and a half billion would no doubt be money well invested . luogo
among the measures offering rescue teams a better chance of arriving promptly at an accident scene are the reduction of the time taken between the accident occurring and the arrival of information on that accident , including its precise location . incidente
in the event of an accident , the response time – in terms both of making the accident scene safe and of helping the victims - is the most important requirement in terms of limiting the most tragic consequences . soccorrere
when human rights defenders face death threats for upholding their rights , how can evidence show that in zimbabwe – scene of political imprisonment , mass evictions and the persecution of journalists – the european commission delegation itself said that it was not aware of the eu ’ s guidelines for human rights defenders ? scenario
the third is to ensure that nepal emerges again on the world scene as a stable democracy . scena
i know , commissioner , that you were very active behind the scenes so that we could come to a reasonable and pragmatic solution . quinte
the emergence of china and india on the global trading scene played a huge role in this feat and they continue to lead the developing world by example . scena
the geographical area of the european union has not only seen the construction of cathedrals but was also the scene of the french revolution and the declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen as well as the birthplace of the rule of law and of the welfare state . teatro
was it really better 10 years ago , when the balkans were the scene of bloody massacres ? teatro
we spent a great deal of time behind the scenes with the two sides of european business and industry , who had been able , for the first time ever , to take part in the spring european summit , and i do believe that our cooperation with them was highly successful . quinte
i must stress that this thanks is not only personal but also goes to all of the people , both men and women , who have supported you and your ministers when you have attended parliament and in the work that is done behind the scenes . quinte
many companies are scared to talk about this , and some have told of incidents which occur during the inspections carried out by finance officers or customs officers , and which remind me of scenes from the second world war . scene
hence , the unlikely position taken by the european negotiators who , at the meeting of the world trade organisation on 30 june 2006 , accepted , behind the scenes , a 50 % reduction in our customs duties , thereby leaving brazil with a monopoly on food . quinte
a new kind of community is arising on both sides of the atlantic – a community of lawyers , journalists and politicians from different sides of the political scene , activists from humanitarian organisations and citizens who are against the recent infringements of human rights and political and civic freedoms by some european governments and the us government . attivisti
i was concerned to see what went on behind the scenes when the so-called ‘ cia committee ’ was established . quinte
the arrival on the scene of other nations provides a chance for reconciliation in a continent that has experienced more wars than almost any other . arrivo
the shock was so great because this accident not only affected the immediate vicinity , but also areas thousands of kilometres from the scene . incidente
but i really do not know what the presidency of the union can successfully do apart from trying to work in the council for the constitutional revision , to bring about action for peace on the scene and where possible to send humanitarian aid . suscitare
i found some of the scenes quite distressing and quite offensive . scene
the liberalization processes inside the single market encompass the effort to eliminate monopolies , demarcations and diseconomies which damage european competitiveness and hold back our capacity to compete on the world scene , but without reneging on the civil principle of universal access to any category of essential service . scena
that decision should have been taken precisely at a time when the leading member states are committed to reducing public expenditure and budget deficits and remodelling the welfare state , problems which require difficult political decisions on the domestic scene . rimodellare
dr mombaur has carefully brought in considerations of enormous depth and moment which help us to realize that at last in european political circles which are essential for overcoming the resistance which has been mentioned , there is a growing conviction that renewable energy and its sources can make a substantial contribution to the european energy scene . panorama
now , as we consider three proposals for directives and we learn what the council is getting up to behind the scenes , it is not the old idea of europe that is becoming a reality , but the old lie . quinte
if we are waiting for mr holbrook or mr christopher or some other flying peacebroker to arrive on the scene , we can wait a long time - to be precise , at least until after the presidential elections in the united states ! christopher
mr karadzic 's removal from the political scene is essential and indeed vital . scena
unfortunately it is apparent to me that this report does not go far enough to deal with the problems in the european parliament at present concerning the behind the scenes influence of lobby organisations on political decisions . occulta
we support the ' communitarization ' of common foreign and security policy , and justice and home affairs , because europe needs to have one voice in an international scene where the language of force continues to be given priority , in a world where the economy is becoming globalized and where organizations without democratic legitimacy , like the world bank and the international monetary fund , take the principal decisions . scena
just a few hours ago this assembly was the scene of a debate on the role of public and private television , both certainly larded with tv trash which leaves young people without moral reference points . telespazzatura
just a few days ago , the baldiña , sazor , marina and ribera baja areas were the scene of serious flooding which has swept away crops and destroyed industry and infrastructures . teatro
in brief , the european union is only one small player in the massive russian social scene , with limited influence . attore
the situation is all the more serious in that officials from the united nations peace-keeping force were prevented from visiting the scene of the killing . luogo
bolivar state in venezuela has already been the scene of new concessions for timber extraction and has suffered the impact of uncontrolled alluvial gold-mining . teatro
mr president , on the occasion of the examination in its second reading of the television without frontiers directive , there is good reason for concern about the fate of the european audiovisual scene , if certain changes are not made to the commission 's proposal . panorama
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , for nearly half a century the international scene has been darkened by the east-west conflict and by the confrontation between peoples in the middle east . oscurata
i was also very touched by a scene which took place during the course of the debate . scena
as we are questioning the political suppositions that underpin this ' european construction ' serving particular interests , we are mostly very doubtful about a construction of party political institutions , forged in this context and resulting from arrangements behind the scenes or created ' in the lab ' . partitari
europe has sometimes bred horror but it has also been the scene , the crucible , where this basic idea , the dignity of every human being , was forged . luogo
consistency means that human rights must be an element of everything we do on the international scene . azioni
the commission regularly discusses human rights on the international and world-wide scene . livello
mr president , the contribution made by the european union through the san josé dialogue to ending the horrific civil wars in nicaragua , el salvador and , more recently , guatemala is very considerable and demonstrates quite clearly the positive role that the european union can play on the world scene . scena
mr president , as i listened carefully to mr santer the following scene came into my mind : a ship , caught up in a great storm , is in danger of drifting on to rocks and breaking up , and the captain , instead of sending out an sos to try to save the situation , sits in his cabin writing in the ship 's log the provisions that he intends to buy in the port , assuming that he arrives there ... burrasca
it states that the committee of inquiry managed to bring the question of transit out from the recesses of administrative action and onto the political scene , and i entirely agree with that and would underline its importance in relation to the reform activities we now expect . scena
mr president , i want to place on the record of this house that during this afternoon 's discussions , particularly during the distressing scenes , members of the british conservative party were seen making obscene gestures towards people in the public gallery . scene
however we know that this force , which will be difficult to silence by the agreement , does not regard as sufficient the two points of the agreement between the majority and the opposition to which we referred ; it also demands the disappearance of berisha from the scene . scena
so i cannot agree with mr occhetto when he says that the disappearance of berisha from the scene could ease the situation . scena
therefore , given our responsibilities as a player on the international scene , this parliament must urge the parties involved to refrain from taking steps which might lead to an erosion of the confidence needed to pursue the application of the agreements and not to prejudice the result of negotiations regarding the permanent status of palestine , particularly when , as recently as 24 february last , the european union signed a provisional association agreement with the palestine national authority in which an evaluation is given of the special legal position of the palestine authority together with a provisional period politica
there were certainly no wild scenes of jubilation - the results were not far-reaching enough for that - but there was a certain satisfaction at the adoption of agenda 21 , and that sustainable development had thus been put on the global agenda . scene
and now a new argument has appeared on the scene : it is said that the world trade organisation will prevent the introduction of a ban on sales . comparsa
i would simply like to say that i welcome the report which sets the scene against which the lange and the mamère reports must be regarded . re
democracy and the constitutional state are not yet very strong there , and behind the scenes the prime minister , hun sen , is doing his best to suppress the forces of democracy . quinte
the commission observes that paid workers have contributed to the stabilisation of the macroeconomic scene by moderation of pay . macroeconomico
however , the method adopted by the rapporteur does have one positive aspect in allowing a definition of what the members of the committee on institutional affairs have called ' the essence of the union 's security ' , meaning the whole set of basic guarantees which enable the union to exist and to adopt the form of a legal system which is able to live and develop freely and to assert its identity on the international scene . scena
europe has been totally absent from the political scene , and , although i customarily tend to be rather hard on the commission , i must give it credit for having tried to play a positive role in this matter . that , however , was not a matter for the commission alone , and so the results have not been totally favourable . globale
i ask myself whether europe , which certainly has a role at the highest level on the world scene , prefers to continue in the role of fifteen political dwarves , fifteen political gnomes who continue to argue about every important foreign policy issue which arises at international level . piano
but we must bear in mind - as , moreover , has been mentioned by some members - that hypocrisy does exist on the international scene and that some of our main commercial and political partners in the world do still retain the death penalty . scena
it is relevant also to point out that we are not just a passive spectator of the scene . passivi
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this morning a lot has been said to describe the situation , but let us look for a moment at a scene , a backdrop , which could threaten from the middle east . scenario
on this not only depends the future of hundreds of millions of people in the acp countries but also the possibility of the european union becoming an effective and efficient player on the international scene , capable of furthering the cause of equality , justice and prosperity in all parts of the world . scena
i am greatly concerned as to how to record that , even now , in a budget in which we have managed to allocate the van maerlant building to three different institutions in one year , and perhaps at second reading we will also have a fourth idea , there was an obstinate determination to reject an amendment which would have dignified one of the most important manifestation of the european parliament on the international scene : the sakharov prize , which will be decided at the conference of presidents this afternoon and to which we will then make a scena
there is growing scientific evidence that scenes depicting sex and violence are harmful to the development of young people . scene
constituents that attended the match , or who were simply shocked by the appalling scenes on television , have asked me to raise this issue at a european level . scene
the work of peace is slow and much of the real work will be carried out behind the scenes to bring communities together in a spirit of openness and friendship , after generations of conflict and suspicion . quinte
the report also sets the scene for a further cooperation in the area of security and defence policy . cenno
it should be said , however , that there would not be a great deal of sense in not having high employment mobility precisely when the single currency is appearing on the scene . scena
so i appeal for the conference not to be simply the scene of an exchange of views , but a committee which gives concrete impetus to joint actions in the realm of the second and third pillars . luogo
in the absence of progress in this direction , it could not acquire the importance it aims to achieve on the international scene , nor play the role it wants to play and would thus condemn itself to stagnation . scena
as long as the central bankers continue to call the shots behind the scenes at ecofin , it will never be able to become a true economic counterbalance to the european central bank . quinte
the scenes we have all witnessed during the last few weeks of large numbers of distressed and vulnerable people arriving on the shores of europe are deeply disturbing . NULL
i recognize that we have just moved into a new building and the full scenes are not yet available on our television sets but it is an issue that the administration needs to address . monitor
the european parliament 's popularity , and by implication that of the european union , is not exactly furthered by the kind of scenes which took place here yesterday and today during votes , when european members of parliament declared they were not being paid to vote . tafferugli
the report you have before you is the culmination of two or three years ' work behind the scenes by mr kellett-bowman , myself and the commission to bring forward a document which will harmonize the regulations for the satellite agencies . quinte
mr kreissl-dörfler shows clearly that what is at issue with the mai is not just the defence of a sector of activity as important as culture : it is a method , a logic , the division into hierarchies of the players on the international scene . scena
it is a question of having a reliable partner on the international scene , one which cannot be forgotten , as we saw during the most recent iraq crisis and with the situation in kosovo . scena
we have there a president who is certainly no angel on the political scene , but who has nevertheless begun to cooperate with europe and the usa . palcoscenico
the report sets the scene for closer cooperation between existing member states in the field of justice and home affairs . sostiene
all these facets of the energy scene in the ukraine need to be kept in mind . caratterizzano
a currency has come into being that is changing the world scene , which is now directed towards monetary bipolarity ; the foundations of a new european federalism are being built in the relationship between the european central bank and national banks ; a moral fabric is being reconstructed in european society , around the strong values of responsibility and civil virtues , required by the obligations of the new currency , and the signs of a further path ahead of us : after monetary union , there will be economic union . panorama
a further peculiarity about synthetic drugs is that they are consumed almost exclusively in the techno and rave scene , which is part of the culture of many young people at all levels of society . scena
that is why it is especially dangerous for this scene to be glamorized in the media , and above all on the internet - where there is quite literally advertising for certain new drugs . enfatizzazione
in my country , antidrugs discos , as they are called , are now part of the scene . discoteche
the increasingly more extensive and varied circulation of synthetic drugs has completely revolutionized the narcotics scene . scenario
the report concludes that union initiatives with regard to problems arising in areas such as the middle east and the balkans have been too little and too late , and that the european parliament 's natural role as a responsible player on the world scene has not been very evident to the commission or the council of ministers . sopravvenuti
the more actors there are on the scene , the more complex the files become , and the longer it takes to bring them to fruition . divengono
we must mobilize the structural funds , particularly the social fund and the erdf and the sme , adapt and emploi initiatives , to ensure that european textiles continue to play an irreplaceable economic and social role on the european scene . panorama
please remember that european civilization once lived quite hygienically by smoking , salting , boiling and cooling food , long before all these strange additives came on the scene . affumicati
i am reminded of schiller 's wallenstein , ' the piccolomini ' , act one , scene one : ' you have arrived late , but you have arrived ! ' scena
we would also like to remind you that the simplest and most certain way of bringing european representatives closer to the electorate - and not the other way round - is to give national parliaments back a major role in the community decision-making process , making them more active players on the european scene . scena
the sudden death of the former president and opposition leader , mr abiola , which occurred on the eve of his release , has on the other dealt a great blow to a possible democratic process , because it has meant the disappearance from the scene of a key figure who enjoyed tremendous popular favour and support for the launch of a democratic transition . scena
mr president , nigeria has been the scene of a long-running saga of unrest and brutality , and the outlook for democracy and human rights remains highly uncertain . teatro
does not the word ' europe ' come from the banks of the bosporus , a place of magical exchange between east and west and also the birthplace , over twenty centuries ago , of modern day athens and scene of the trojan war ? teatro
the un general assembly on drugs held in july 1998 could have been an opportunity to address the most severe discrepancies between legislation and implementation , as well as incorporating in the convention the recent developments on the drug scene . droga
it is unacceptable to the peoples of europe to see every day on their television scenes of atrocities and massacres ; to see the problems of refugees ; to see the destabilisation of a region of europe as more and more refugees go into albania and put more pressure on fyrom , so that the whole region could explode ; and to see the european union , the council of ministers , simply not prepared to do anything .  
the fact is that it looks better than it is , that we must not allow ourselves to be deceived and must know the truth about iran and therefore keep up our protests until things are put right , not just on the public stage but behind the scenes too . quinte
once again , the union has appeared hesitant and absent on the international scene in recent months . scena
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the scene has shifted slightly in these two weeks : yet again it has been decided to negotiate with milosevic , and to regard him as part of the solution to the balkan problem , this time kosovo , like bosnia before it and croatia before that . scenario
for us to claim a place on the world stage , as the major economic power we are , and to hope to take on the responsibilities and the leading role which the arrival of the euro on the world economic scene could create for us , when we lack the breadth of vision called for in today 's globalised world - overlooking even the view , that fortunately for us , latin america is the only emerging area not so far shaken by the crisis - would be a contradiction in terms . toccato
i am sure that the messages brought great comfort , and now our thoughts should be with the survivors , both the young people who still live near the scene of the fire and their parents . conforto
i should like to commend mr wiebenga on his report , and i hope we can all support it in order to avoid any unpleasant scenes when it comes to the vote . wiebenga
i must say that i support jacques delors ' proposal , which is backed by some very important figures on the political scene , to organise the european election campaign around not just a political programme but also the choice of commission president , with the european political parties having to publicly present their candidate for this post to the electorate . vita
mr president , the framework agreementfor trade and cooperation with the republic of korea was initialled on 29 october 1996 , in other words prior to the serious financial crisis which afflicted certain countries in eastern asia and curbed the extraordinary economic growth of korea , a country which - before the crisis - was increasingly becoming an economic and commercial heavyweight on the international scene ; one need only think that its shipbuilding industry had a 25 % share of the world market and that its automobile industry produced 5 % of world output . scena
the aim must be to cautiously set the scene for a national referendum on the future of east timor . accurata
only recently , we have seen terrible scenes on television . they showed what foday sankoh 's rebel forces have described , with awful black humour , as the ' short sleeves ' and the ' long sleeves ' , according to whether they cut off the arms of the civilians - including children and women - just below the shoulder or at the wrist . scene
here are a few figures : in a week chosen at random , the french weekly ' le point ' counted 670 murders , 15 rapes , 848 fights , 419 shootings , 14 abductions , 32 hostage situations and 27 scenes of torture . scene
secondly , there is the conviction that the actions of the various players operating on the international scene - regional and international organisations , national and local authorities , civil society organisations , companies - while differing , perhaps profoundly , in motivations and aims , are equally important in terms of their real impact on the actual situation of individuals , the local community and the people . scenario
it is equally unacceptable for our cities to become the scene of clashes and gratuitous violence on the part of those who are allowed entry for humanitarian reasons . terreno
it should please us all that smes , which have been the scene of some of the worst accidents , are receiving special attention . rivolga
for over four years the commission , parliament and the member states ' finance ministers have been telling the public and businesses that there would be a change of scene in the community as from the landmark date of 1 january 1999 , in that the cost of moving currency - the number-one tool of unification - would disappear . scenario
chancellor , in berlin , a symbolic town whose name nonetheless makes one shiver and brings to mind certain images , it was decided that for the first time mr cohn-bendit 's army would return to the scenes where there are still some survivors who remember previous wars . brivido
like many members of this house i also witnessed the scenes of the wreckage of her car and of her family at the funeral . scene
i can assure you that we utterly condemn the acts of violence that brought about those scenes and no effort will be spared in bringing the perpetrators of this heinous crime to justice . triste
mr president , mrs kjer hansen , nothing is happening behind the scenes here ; we are talking about an entirely open and public process . quinte
i strongly believe that it is only by incorporating into the european agenda reliable and realistic prospects of recovery for the whole of the country that we can witness healthy developments on the political scene of yugoslavia , including the weakening of the milosevic and other objectionable regimes along the way . scena
- ( fr ) i would like to report my great satisfaction at having been able to participate in the great democratic event we have just experienced , which is unparalleled on the european political scene . panorama
anyone who prides himself or herself on being a defender of democracy would have found it inspiring to witness that scene . spettacolo
the catastrophic bible-like scenes in turkey stretch over some 60,000 square kilometres , almost the size of belgium and denmark put together - an expanse which has affected the lives of 15 million people . presenta
so the scene is set and all the ingredients are there for a tragedy of inconceivable proportions over the next few years . una
i have a problem with the way in which we are handling this subject ; that is to say , i do not think parliament should discuss individual incidents , for i fear that this great island kingdom will be the scene of many more such incidents where national and religious factors are intertwined . intrecciarsi
my colleague mr wynn may have feared that we would end up with a " duke of york " -type scenario , but i feel that the whole affair is more akin to a scene from asterix and obelix , where asterix has a special part to play in this case and we then have to vie with the council , which plays the part of julius caesar . asterix
in fact , parliamentarians can also be involved and , in reality , were in fact originally involved in our own wealthy part of the world before the ngos came on the scene . arrivassero
as far as i know , a number of guidelines are being drafted behind the scenes but there are also barriers to these activities and their implementation . quinte
the border between andalusia and gibraltar has been the scene of absurd and inordinately long delays over the last several months . teatro
it has been clear for some time that , if europe wants to occupy its rightful place on the world scene , it must have a european security and defence policy , as well as a common foreign and security policy . scena
moreover , the horrifying war scene in the caucasus offers the average russian politician the chance par excellence to beat the popular national drum , especially in the run-up to the duma elections . bellici
one month after the event , the drop in the water level has revealed a scene of desolation and confirmed the extent of the disaster . this , together with the loss of human life , means that prevention efforts must be reconsidered . spettacolo
