i want to congratulate him , sadly in his absence , for the thorough and rigorous way in which he has undertaken the preparation of his report - and also for putting up with my being such a thorn in his side ! fianco
so , mr president , i will walk away from this debate , for which i am very grateful to parliament , in the knowledge that we have the european parliament ' s intellectual and political support , which appears to come from all sides of the house , for competition policy , its basic appreciation for the work the commission is carrying out and its confidence in our ability to continue to deliver in the future . svolgerlo
what we know from the environmental side is what i have already mentioned , that there is now an environmental reconstruction plan , but when it comes to medical check-ups i do not have the information about that . fronte
finally , if you consider the overall amount , which is on the small side , - eur 2.8 billion for 15 member states - and how ambitious the objectives are , i am afraid that all we shall succeed in doing is to prove that unemployment is a bad thing . 8
but can you also provide confirmation concerning the matter i raise in my question , namely that the programme will be designed in such a way that we shall obtain a concrete timetable for the various types of legislation in the social sphere which the commission is planning , as well as for those initiatives which the commission is planning with regard to dialogue between the two sides of industry ? programmati
however , such use of an agreement outside its specific scope cannot be imposed on the two sides of industry without a legal basis . parti
while there were problems - and we have to resolve them in view of enlargement , for instance - we sometimes take the negative side too far . lato
in my judgement , this constitutes a guarantee to both sides , both from a political and a financial point of view , of the commitment they can expect from the european union in terms of its contribution to the cost of the peace which we all long for . parti
currently , both sides seem to have accepted that nothing will be agreed until everything is agreed . parti
but none of this hides the fact that there is a certain sense of impotence , because when the negotiators from each side fly back to the united states this weekend , we will have to remember that , for every 100 dollars spent on the peace process in the region , 60 are contributed by the european union . parti
this is a creative initiative , which we know has been welcomed by different industries across the world and by various sides in european politics , but the commission has not yet put forward any proposal or initiative on this issue . ambiti
mr désir too has mentioned this growing interest on all sides . sir
is the understanding of this point the same on both sides of the atlantic ocean ? sponde
however , there must be an appropriate level of supervision on the political side . vista
and , i say to madame reding , thank you for the support and the help you have given so far , keep up the good work , we are on your side . porgo
mr president , we are indeed now in a very rare situation : those who wish to uphold environmental values will take the side of the council in their common position . difende
urban funds have been invested in one of the most deprived neighbourhoods in the uk , in moss side . side
there must not be any repetition of cases of parallel projects on both sides of a border . lati
it can only approve member states ' proposals if they fulfil all the criteria : firstly , integration through sectoral and geographical development partnerships , whereby the employment policy guidelines need to be taken into account ; secondly , the systematic involvement of the operators concerned - the local , regional and national authorities , training institutions , universities , ngos , the two sides of industry and the private sector - with the aim of creating a durable partnership , and thirdly , methods and models of indisputably innovative character . parti
more active participation by these authorities in community initiatives should be promoted , bearing in mind that in many cases they have a very limited capacity for cooperation because of the different legal frameworks and different levels of development on either side of the border . cavallo
it is about co-operating on joint projects and about unifying forces on all sides . unire
i know that i am a thorn in your side on this , but sometimes that is my job . tormentarla
a sound alternative would be to clean the ship ' s sides mechanically . murate
i had discussions with municipal leaders from both communities , including the leader of the albanian side who had himself in the past been a doctor and was generally recognised for the medical work he had done during the hostilities and subsequently . riconoscimenti
all in all , both sides of industry only have a limited role to play in the process as a whole . parti
the labour market and social protection are , in fact , two sides of the same coin , that require harmonised policies and rules . facce
there was also deep satisfaction on both sides when this was over , not just because it was over , but because we all knew that we had achieved something together , the eu and the 71 acp countries . parti
the new agreement will entail a firm commitment on both sides to good governance as a fundamental and positive element of the partnership , a subject for regular dialogue in an area which enjoys active community support . parti
such a commitment entails an in-depth reform of procedures and implementation modalities on both sides . parti
the next human rights seminar will be organised by the portuguese presidency in may 2000 , and , during the last round of the dialogue in october 1999 , the chinese side accepted the european union ' s proposal for technical assistance to support the process of ratifying the united nations international pact on economic , social and cultural rights and the united nations ' international pact on civil and political rights , both of which have been signed by the chinese government . controparte
while we all know that for many people in china there has been a real long-term improvement in their economic prospects and their social and economic liberties , there is a dark side to the picture as well . lato
i believe that , despite the fears that may be felt by the two communities on the island , these points , which could be viewed in a negative light by the authorities on both sides , may in the end justify hopes of an ultimate solution . parti
mr president-in-office of the council , i appreciate the sensitivity with which you are addressing the issue and your effort to establish contact with the turkish cypriot side , but perhaps it would be more clear and more correct if the vocabulary you use did not leave one suspecting that you might be attempting some kind of indirect recognition , even though you stressed that this is not the case . parte
that government has proposed a way in which the turkish cypriot side can take part , and i think it would be right for the council and the commission to urge the turkish cypriot side to take part institutionally in the framework of the negotiations conducted by the republic of cyprus . parte
now is the time to devote our time and energy to aiding cypriots from both sides of the " green line " in finding a solution to a conflict which has lasted for far too long . parti
i very much welcome the commission 's support for that bizonal , bicommunal , federal cyprus for which the un has campaigned for so long and which both the greek cypriot side and the turkish cypriot side should be working hard to bring about . cipriota
i hope that the accession money available to assist cyprus is used partly to promote that reconciliation and rebuilding of trust and that both sides of the divided communities in cyprus accept and use that money in the spirit in which it is given . parti
mr president , this is one of the few occasions when , from what the speakers have said in this parliament , from all sides of the house , there is clearly the greatest convergence of views on the cyprus issue and , of course , on the pre-accession process for cyprus and malta . componenti
in my opinion , the best thing the council could do would be to cease occupying that part of yugoslavia and search for a solution acceptable to all sides , with respect for the various national characteristics in the area and especially respect for the principle of non-intervention in the internal affairs of another , independent country . parti
most appropriately , given that this year we are celebrating 25 years of cooperation under lomé , we will shortly be signing a new and more advanced partnership agreement , which also upgrades the joint assembly into a genuine parliamentary assembly on both sides . parti
meanwhile , on the trade side , pressure from the wto to ensure that any lomé convention is wto-compatible has meant that there is a huge momentum behind the idea of the so-called regional economic partnership arrangements or free-trade agreements . fronte
i do , however , think it appropriate to say that , at the forthcoming negotiations and with the conclusion of the association agreement , the european side must point out to the skopje government the need for it to show appropriate constructive political will , so that it may contribute positively to a successful outcome of the talks in new york . parte
certain isolated passages in the commission ' s proposal perhaps err on the side of caution , as is the case when it is maintained that the detainee accused should be given the choice of whether to accept or refuse temporary transfer to another member state of the union for the purposes of preliminary enquiries . ecceduto
or when it is maintained that the witness or expert witness - and not simply the defendant - should have a counsel at their side during examination via a video or telephone link . perito
and the fact that coins are to have a national design on one side will make them even harder to identify . lato
we rightfully condemned the behaviour of unita which threatened the peace process in angola and we used our authority to invite the two sides to stop the war and embrace peace . rightfully and with the full weight of our authority , we condemn the persecution and threats against journalists and we call on the government of angola to ensure the conditions of freedom which are essential to the vital work of journalists in a democratic country and society . parti
we hope that the debate at the beginning of this afternoon , the commissioner ' s knowledge of the situation in mozambique and the visit by mr nielson will lead to a major effort being made by all sides to help mozambique . parte
firstly , fishery production and the conservation of marine life and resources are two sides of the same coin . aspetti
one of the reasons that explains the difference in competitiveness between the european area , for example and the united states , is precisely this ability of bouncing back that exists on the other side of the atlantic and that we just do not have here . parte
that sums up what we are trying to achieve on the e-side , the electronic side , of life . aspetto
in this light , i would like to reopen the debate on corporate governance to discuss the wider concept of the company as stakeholders society , including the role of both sides of industry and all parties involved . parti
that is also why i would make the following request of the commission : madam vice-president , think carefully about which side you stand on ! parte
in a shop in my own home town , in reims , i wish to be able to purchase a bar of chocolate produced according to the gastronomic traditions of my own country , without having to inspect the product on all sides and to put my glasses on in order to check its quality . parti
we want the information to be obviously and clearly displayed on the front side of the product wrapper . lato
i am therefore pleased that my amendment concerning human dignity - unique to each person , yet common to all and inviolable - obtained support in the committee on constitutional affairs , for we must establish a common view of human beings as the effective basis for the eu ' s urgent , global fight against the death penalty , its struggle on the side of life and also its fight against torture , against the sex trade and against sexual exploitation . difesa
subject : reopening of the railway line between oloron and canfranc the commission has told the spanish press ( 9 february 2000 , efe press agency ) that it is aware of the need for a railway in the pyrenees and that the spanish government wishes to see the oloron-canfranc ( vallée d 'aspe ) railway line reopened on the french side . versante
these people have clearly chosen their side . palese
rather than putting our own culture into a multi-cultural context , i am in favour of developing a sound , realistic awareness of our own culture , taking both the positive and the negative aspects into account , which can lead to improved relations with each other and acceptance of the cultural differences on both sides . parti
that is certainly what we , on this side of the house , believe . ala
we , on this side of the house , reject that position completely . ala
but we cannot possibly allow this concept to be taken up by one side of the house and used to conduct a political fight ; we must insist that matters of this sort are dealt with in a way which can meet with everyone ' s approval , and that is not the case here . parte
if the commission is leaving itself an escape clause in the form of a three-year postponement , why should we keep to our side of the bargain ? impegni
mr president , the conclusion of trade negotiations between the european union and mexico , considered from a positive perspective , could mean a new and durable framework for the institutionalisation of political dialogue and cooperation , provided that this trade pact works to the benefit of both sides . parti
the negotiating results are balanced , ambitious and offer a window of opportunity for both sides . parti
mr president , commissioners , if every possible attempt is made - and rightly so - to establish ways of creating an information society for everyone , we should make just as great an effort to ensure that we do not end up recreating a dual society with it literates on one side and it illiterates on the other . profani
to the left-hand side of this house , i would say , following the present debate : try to affirm the opportunities available to people because of the information revolution . ala
the association agreement was designed to serve the interests of the large transnational firms on either side of the atlantic , as shown by the wording of its title iv , which refers to capital movements and related payments . transnazionali
but the other side of the coin is that disasters which do not reach the news , to all intents and purposes , do not exist . lato
i should also like to warn against judging just one side and apportioning blame solely to the russian side . unilaterali
there are , however , two sides to this political tale of war and suffering , and i think we must seek more strongly to understand the causes of conflict between russia and chechnya , so that we can help to stem the flow of human blood more quickly another time . aspetti
it is not apportioning blame to one side to talk of the genocide committed by russia against the chechen people , as lord judd does in the report by the parliamentary assembly delegation of the council of europe . del
naturally , we must condemn infringements on both sides , but we should not confuse the perpetrator of genocide with his victims and that means that we must take good care not only to provide humanitarian aid - that must be done and it is high time that something was done by the eu here - but also to ensure that a political solution is found to the conflict . NULL
he was not allowed to come to strasbourg because the russian authorities are frightened of the free and open report of an independent journalist who looks at both sides critically and wished to throw some light on the truth here and reveal the genocide being committed against the chechen people . parti
i do not want to make an assessment , i do not want to put it on the scales , but both sides are guilty of fanaticism , in this case religious fanaticism and extremism , which is making this trouble spot more and more dangerous . fanatismo
the international community 's concern for the region is a legitimate one , particularly as both sides possess nuclear weapons and as dialogue between them has , at this stage , effectively broken down . parti
the netherlands are on one side of the street and germany is on the other and if you rob a bank on the german side and escape to the dutch side in time , then you are lucky because no german police is allowed to follow you . lato
the first is this : it must be made clear who is negotiating on the us side . americani
we need to learn lessons on both sides but i very much hope that even at this late stage there can be some sort of resolution . parti
as mr sterckx has said , we must overcome any mutual distrust , we must overcome situations of confrontation and i believe that a gesture of this type , if backed on the american side not only by this commitment but also by the withdrawal , or even suspension , of article 84 of the icao convention , would be valuable if , in exchange , we manage to move forward together to achieve better international standards which will also be applied here in europe , and which will allow us to go much further than we can go with parte
mr president , commissioner , mr president-in-office of the council , the need to create a euro-mediterranean area of peace , economic justice , citizenship and stability is common to both sides of the mediterranean . sponde
this will certainly be in the interest of both sides . parti
i think that we can learn something from the concerns expressed on all sides . constatazioni
mr president , if , by means of this debate , we manage to focus the attention of the council and the commission on the importance of the southern side of the mediterranean to european policy , we will have partly achieved our aim . sponda
parliament has also long been proposing the implementation of a programme of interregional and transnational cooperation aimed , by effective financial and systematic coordination of the interreg and meda programmes , at achieving effective economic and social integration of the participating countries and regions on both sides of the mediterranean . sponde
i think that an important and catalytic role in ensuring the successful outcome of the euro-mediterranean partnership must be played by the mediterranean islands , such as malta , cyprus and crete , as the middle ground between the two sides of the mediterranean . sponde
since those islands have traditional links with both sides , they can be the centres of that cooperation and i think we ought to direct many programmes in the context of meda towards that . NULL
i should like to point out here that a considerable increase is needed on the expenditure side simply in order to be able to honour old commitments made in the past which , of course , have to be paid for . oneri
on targets , i very much side with mr linkohr . accordo
all i have said so far is on the positive side but , on the negative side , the report specifically calls for peat to be excluded . aspetti
the war in sri lanka , president , is one that neither side can win and unless and until there are peace negotiations there will always be applications for asylum seekers in the west , almost all of whom will be tamils . parti
criticism is just one side of the equation ; consistency is the other and we hope that a majority in parliament will vote to postpone the decision , subject to the clear condition that the administration of parliament must also table an action plan to improve management . chiediamo
i cannot help thinking that many administrative expenses are intentionally estimated on the generous side in order to have the extra funding for buildings in reserve . stimate
if , nonetheless , the rapporteur takes the view today that these cases have not been solved properly , then i would like to side with her fully and unreservedly , as did the committee on budgetary control with just one vote against . associo
paradoxically , it has become more usual to contact friends or colleagues on the other side of the world than to chat with one ' s next-door neighbours . capo
mr president , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , on one side of the coin we read that economic growth and employment figures are up , the e-europe action plan is in the pipeline , unemployment is beginning to drop slightly and the economic and employment forecasts are good . lato
on the other side of the coin , we read that there are still 15 million unemployed , the telecommunications and internet services sector is underdeveloped , there is a widening skills gap in information technology , structural long-term unemployment , too many state monopolies and fetters , competitive disadvantages vis-à-vis the usa and shortcomings in the implementation of european innovations . lato
this ensured that all issues of common interest to the european union and africa were addressed , and on an equal footing , since both sides had the opportunity to express their concerns and also their common objectives . parti
the declaration and plan of action adopted at the summit take account of the sensitivities on both sides . parti
the watchword of the solution is customs protection on the african side and , on the european side , intelligent intergovernmental cooperation , of which the lomé convention was a prime example . parte
banning the ngo meeting from cairo was a most unpleasant side effect . sgradevole
for example , in mozambique i found it quite extraordinary that the indian navy was on the other side of the indian ocean and could have come to mozambique very quickly , but nobody ever involved them in disaster relief in mozambique , while people were hanging on trees . parte
i think it is important for you , honourable members , to bring pressure to bear in future contacts with the turkish side , especially the turkish parliament , in order to ensure that the relevant reform proposals are also accepted . parte
our relations with turkey entered a new stage after helsinki and making progress with the new tasks represents a challenge for both sides . parti
the european council in helsinki did what it was entitled to do and passed a resolution which , when it was passed in helsinki , incorporated certain expectations of the turkish side and here the european parliament is in agreement with the european council . controparte
in good faith , all sides are trying , by means of amendments , to make the way in which european union functions more effective . schieramenti
road improvements are under way on the sudanese side and roads on the ethiopian side are reported to be quite good . NULL
secondly , we want to show our solidarity with our colleagues on the other side of the river ill , with our colleagues in the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe , who have taken a courageous step and who we should not lag behind in fighting for human rights . parte
all of us who speak should remember that every word of our speeches and the resolution will be eagerly read in zimbabwe within the next 48 hours by all sides . parti
after south africa and the democratic government there and the sound developments that have taken place in the region , we very much need to see the positive side . aspetti
we therefore welcome the fact that both sides in this conflict are seeking a peaceful solution . parti
well , instead of a colander , we could use the national state schemes , which , i am afraid , also lose water from all sides , except that , instead of water , it is the hard-earned money of all the working citizens which drains away . parti
as regards the practical side of the proposal , i fear that this amendment would lead to varying levels of support in different member states and to dramatic fluctuations in the level of aid within a short time . aspetti
although progress has unquestionably been made on the technological side , further progress is still essential in order to renew fleets of aircraft , particularly freight aircraft . piano
we would also draw attention to the human side of developments within aviation . aspetto
as rapporteur for a very good commission communication on aviation and environment i know that the issue of environment and competitiveness is a very live one with strong feelings on both sides of the debate . entrambi
it is very easy to say that liberalisation in aviation has been a glowing success , without ever recognising that there is also a negative side . aspetti
with mr deva we ask those questions of you , mr patten , and if we do not get satisfactory answers the socialists on this side of the house will be supporting mr deva in taking a very different stance on this report altogether .  
the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism as a whole is pleased about this agreement because it was well known how very difficult it was to reach a transport agreement which established a fair balance between competition and the environment and which would also produce a satisfactory solution for both sides . parti
regarding the definitions of scope , it would have been better to include not only the deliberate and fraudulent sides of such activities but also the commercial motives behind them . aspetti
they are all forms of crime which cause serious harm to the eu ' s budget , both on the revenue side and the expenditure side . entrate
i would call on the council and both sides of industry finally to resolve this matter . parti
mr president , i too would like to convey my heartfelt thanks to everyone who took part in the negotiations on our side , especially the rapporteur but also you yourself and mr rocard , as well as other members of the negotiation delegation . rocard
but i think that mr nielson is equally well placed to answer me because he has been standing by his colleague ' s side and he also said that both commissioners were responsible for the proposal . accanto
but i should like to ask commissioner nielson if he has thought about something which is very important to this side of the house - the ifc in the world bank has the ability to help in the private sector with funding . ifc
is there any intention on the european side to apply for transitional arrangements in the area of the free movement of services ? parte
it will be a negotiation and one of the principles of negotiation is that one side makes a concession so that the other side also makes a concession and an overall compromise must be found in the end which takes accounts of the wishes of both sides . faccia
since the rio de janeiro conference and then kyoto , the european union has always led the political side of the debate on climate change . piano
all this , as the previous speaker has already said , will not produce a european railway system unless there is also a degree of interoperability on the technical and social side . aspetti
of course , that does not mean that everything will become identical , because we do not want a situation with one side more or less exploiting the other ; we want a situation in which we look together to see how we can bring about a european railway system . uni
finally , i would like to draw the attention of the members of the committee on economic and monetary affairs to the consensus-oriented cooperation which we have enjoyed in the committee on employment and social affairs in this sphere and add that we in this parliament should break though the compartmentalisation and endeavour to rise above the hobbyhorses of this or the other side and to have an input in , for example , next month ' s forum , precisely on that basis . parte
cooperation between the two sides of industry seems essential in order to maintain a situation of non-inflationary growth . parti
as we well know , despite the head-in-the-sand policy practised by rich countries with no thought for the future which takes the world down some highly dangerous roads , and while this house gets bogged down in details and side issues , it is high time that we were able to look at the world as a whole . secondaria
the other side to globalisation is poverty , the indebtedness of the poorer developing countries and the extension of those conflicts which reduce potential for development whilst exacerbating other conflicts and causing fresh poverty . faccia
but on the down side , he is increasing all the army and civil servants ' pay as a straight bribe . funzionari
i think that , since all negotiations depend on preparation and on being fully aware of one ' s own situation and the situation of those sitting on the opposite side of the table , we at the commission and the european parliament need to cooperate very closely with the portuguese presidency . parti
as a christian-democrat , i think we have to side with those who are most under threat , those in the weakest position . as such , this is a positive development , in my view . schierarci
i would not presume to say which solution is better but we must find the courage to consider all sides of the issue . aspetti
however , i say to mrs foster and mr heaton-harris that they want to check their stories and sources because it needs both sides in a conflict to be committed if a lasting solution is to be achieved . parti
belgians are aware of the good and bad sides of regional pride and , as a result , the use of a stadium requires not only the signature of the burgomaster but also that of the minister of the interior . nozione
we feel the deepest regret and trust that , at long last , the authorities will succeed in cracking down on this terrorist organisation which has been a thorn in the side of greece and its international relations for the past 25 years . tormenta
the european parliament has already raised this issue in the past and the rapporteur analyses it , while drawing attention to the problem as it presents itself in the border regions , where the linguistic minorities live on the other side of the border . parte
the report also raises several issues which lie on the content side and are , therefore , outside the scope of the new framework for electronic communications . contenuto
this is why , in the first place , we are not in favour of dealing with the problem of cost as a side issue . marginale
but all too often the council puts to one side what has been decided within the european parliament , by consensus or not , as the case may be . cura
i have the impression that this question is being avoided on both sides of the atlantic , which will compromise future cooperation . sponde
we do not , therefore , intend to interfere in the internal affairs of a sovereign country at all , and it will be more useful if today ' s debate serves to bring about renewed commitment on both sides to the values and undertakings entailed in our partnership . parti
it also concerns me that commissioner patten , who is present , is not sufficiently sensitive to the serious problems currently faced on the southern side of the mediterranean , where tunisia plays a very important role . costa
within the eu-mediterranean framework and in reinforcing this framework as we are trying to do at the moment in close cooperation with the european commission , we are also insisting on the importance of actively promoting the rule of law and the good management of public affairs which constitutes a key area in the dialogue between the two sides of the mediterranean . sponde
we always extend our ritual thanks to the rapporteur but , in this case , i should like to do so in a special way , by saying that you have astounded all of us sitting on the left side of this house . banchi
its action is also a breach of the pledge which the yes side issued before the swedish referendum . referendaria
as always , the communist party of greece will be standing firmly by their side . parte
thirdly , we believe that the principle of partnership with local and regional authorities and with the two sides of industry is heading in the right direction and should be further strengthened . parti
for those of us who for many years have sided with the resistance in that country , it is painful to remember how , in the 60s and 70s , there were at least three good reasons to feel sorrow . schierati
i do not know whether we will be able to influence the yugoslav authorities or parliament , but the young people of yugoslavia ought to know that we are on their side . parte
however , the other side of the coin is the outcome of the feira summit , and in my view the results for all fifteen member states were more than disappointing . faccia
the fight against unemployment and exclusion needs to be fought with the same intensity as the fight against terrorism and crime , and this was agreed by both sides . sancito
i would also like to say , just to correct something that mrs morgan said earlier , that i am very lucky in this debate , because my party declared in our manifesto - which helped so many of us on this side get elected - that we would not give discharge to any eu accounts until the commission reform process had been successfully implemented . farsi
the social aspects of europe ' s development are the other side of the same coin , and that is where we will focus our efforts during these next six months . faccia
in biarritz and in nice , europe will need all your skills and a great sense of responsibility on all sides . parte
if the result may be said to have a positive side , it is the fact that there is now no longer absolute power . aspetto
they had never heard of the company on the side of the lorry and the driver paid cash for the ferry . camion
after all , no one can be on both sides of the fence at the same time . giudice
in response , let me emphasise the following point : the new economy is primarily a supply side story . lato
it is about time that the european union stopped intervening and spending taxpayers ' money on one side of this type of political debate . posizione
to use government funding on one side of the debate would be an interference in this democratic process . posizione
mr president , since the issue of regulation 820 in 1997 , we have been discussing rebuilding a relationship between the consumer and the production world , and i have to say that a great deal has been achieved on both sides . ambedue
from the commission side we can continue the legal proceedings and the legal procedures as they are set out for the commission , but i think what is most effective in cases like this is open debate in the european parliament . parte
it transpired in the process that the will to turn this project into a success is present on all sides , and the impetus created by the eu has certainly found fertile soil . cade
on this side of the house we certainly believe the ombudsman should have all the powers that he needs to discharge his responsibilities . lato
the pr side of the ombudsman ' s activities has already been brought up by other speakers and can never be underestimated . aspetto
the rapporteur has set this all to one side , effectively saying it is irrelevant , claiming that the original directive just did not go far enough . considerandole
as representative of one of the host nations , i would like to congratulate everyone who was involved on the organisational side and in the enforcement of law and order . organizzatori
the absence of an interlocutor on the administrative side apart from anything else will make it all the more difficult to resolve these problems rather than making it easier . funzionariale
we need real results which will change the conditions governing members ' travel to strasbourg and i shall fight at your sides , believe me , in order to obtain them . ottenerle
i believe the time has come to consider a genuine policy of movement between the two sides of the mediterranean , north and south . sponde
it is still , without doubt , too early to discuss what an agreement on the permanent status of the palestinian territories might look like ; in any event , it will be solely up to the two sides to define this status through negotiation , which is the only admissible method . parti
but all the efforts planned at the present stage , starting of course with the efforts made by both sides , must be geared towards concluding an agreement , an agreement which is , let me repeat , within arm ' s reach . parti
we really must highlight the sense of responsibility which both sides demonstrated here . parti
the positions of the two sides , which we are all aware of , are still irreconcilable at this stage , even if the gulf between them does not appear as wide as on numerous aspects of the israeli-palestinian conflict . parti
in addition , the internal agendas of the israeli and syrian leaders appear for the time being to be monopolised by other political preoccupations , although the strategic choice of both sides is for peace , as was recently reaffirmed at the highest level . parti
that is what no-one now questions but , when it comes to all the important questions in the peace negotiations - that is to say , jerusalem , the refugees and territorial considerations - the palestinians in fact have international law on their side . palestinesi
public opinions on the israeli and palestinian sides - invisible yet very tangible - were also very much a player within camp david . percepibile
i am sure that we all see that phase , or in any case a change in the situation as very important , and i am sure that the situation has not been compromised , although we realise that , if change does not come about , there is currently a serious risk on both sides that the extremist tendencies present in the two camps may prevail . parti
to rely on the strength of symbols , on either side , is to hold on to a myth . parti
as for europe , which intends to support the process , not to take sides , it hopes to be more , much more , than the region ' s banker . prendervi
it is understandable that palestinians feel that right would have been on their side in formerly declaring an independent palestinian state on 13 september . proclamare
mr president , as far as the middle east and the israeli-palestinian peace process is concerned , i have always counted myself among those in the house who say that it is up to the people of the region and their leaders to define the terms of their peaceful coexistence , just as it is up to them to make the efforts and sacrifices needed on both sides in order to do so . parti
today , just a few days away from a peace agreement or a major crisis which could erupt in dramatic scenes of violence , we must give peace every chance to succeed by helping those on both sides who are taking huge collective and individual risks to bring about peace . parti
that is why i am in total agreement with the position stated by pierre moscovici and what i would say today is that we shall not help to bring about peace by taking sides in the debate and in the difficult negotiations under way . proclamo
so all we can say is , good luck , agree to peace and we shall be at your side , as we are now . fianco
we must endeavour to preserve the religious , cultural and universal character of this holy city , and it must certainly not become the subject of haggling or the property of any one side . parte
in this respect , i note that it is the two sides themselves who have come to see us , who are requesting our help , our advice , our intervention and our assistance , and not just and not predominantly financial assistance . parti
so find ourselves between these two sides . fuochi
it is in contact with both sides , through our intermediary , mr moratinos . parti
but here too , and this brings me back to the same point , both sides must want and ask for our contribution and sometimes we witness the sort of role-playing here with which we are all familiar . parti
during this meeting , as far as the peace process is concerned , the european union should play a major role in supporting the two sides and the agreements which they conclude . parti
mr president , the president-in-office 's speech seemed to me to be rather on the biased and general side , but i found that commissioner patten 's speech was realistic and focused well on the different problem areas . generico
we are in a position to create financial leeway for 2001 , which we will hopefully be able to turn to good account when it comes to dealing with the administrative side of enlargement . campo
i believe there was also debate in the commission and amongst both sides of industry . parti
and we should not forget that both sides of industry also have an indispensable role to play as regards industrial change at the european and the social level . parti
however , in terms of the social dialogue at european level , both sides of industry in europe are already heavily involved in two aspects of community action : coordination of economic policies , and the effort to implement the european strategy for jobs . parti
on the latter aspect , both sides of industry participate , with the council and commission , in the work of the standing committee on employment with a view to facilitating coordination of employment policies in the member states by harmonising them with community objectives . parti
our social partners are also associated with the work of the committee on employment , consultation of both sides of industry in this context being informal . sebbene
as regards the efforts to strengthen the european strategy for jobs , when the employment guidelines are revised in 2001 , both sides of industry , including those at national level , will be invited to play a more important role in their definition , and in implementing and evaluating the guidelines which fall within their scope . parti
there are also grounds for suggesting that it is up to the commission , pursuant to article 138 of the treaty , to consult both sides of industry on the possible orientation of a community action before presenting proposals in the area of social policy . parti
as regards the modernisation of the european social model , both sides of industry will be associated with the work of the new committee on social protection , just as they are already associated with the work of the old committee on employment and the labour market and its successor , the committee on employment . parti
there will be contributions to it and consultations on it under the french presidency , and naturally both sides of industry are expected to be closely associated in drawing up the social policy agenda . parti
but what i should like to ask is this : when a tripartite dialogue takes place between the two sides of industry and the national government , how far can the national government ignore what was jointly agreed and proposed by the social partners ? parti
at the same time , the involvement of both sides of industry must be continually intensified . parti
the first priority should be to implement what both sides want for themselves , and i believe that dialogue is an essential and important prerequisite in this respect . parti
therefore , those of us from the other side of the river - and we are all europeans - wanted to know how this issue is being dealt with and whether exemplary decisions have been taken so that these events will not be repeated in the future . riva
there can , in my opinion , be no doubt that the issues covered in the three amendments rejected by the council are real issues and that the council position , or the sub-text at least , indicates a hypocritical disposition to sweep them to one side or underestimate their importance . liquidarli
i believe it is high time for us to take a look at the content side of things , because , unfortunately , europe is still lagging behind a little in this respect . occuparci
it may also apply to third-country nationals and especially to relatives who are third-country nationals and who are not allowed to accompany the breadwinner when he or she obtains work on the other side of the border . oltrefrontiera
it is important because we hope that by means of a fee system - leaving to one side the attendant obligations for a moment - ships will be coaxed into delivering waste . quantificazione
how annoying it is when attempts are made on all sides to give greater powers to the european union at the expense of the member states . parti
it is , therefore , extremely important that a european monitoring centre for industrial change should be set up with the aim of stimulating a more active and responsible approach to industrial development , with the participation of both sides of industry , with a view to helping to avoid the most irksome consequences of industrial change . parti
in practice , a policy is being promoted which faithfully serves big business , sides with the usa , submitting to its orders , and promotes the new order against the interests of the people . schiera
as these same companies at the same time employ more and more people , as we heard today in your presentation , mr monti , and are therefore boosting economic growth in europe , i do not really understand the fears that have been expressed over there at the other side of the chamber that these mergers , which are fully beneficial to society as a whole , should have a detrimental effect on employment in europe .  
however , this effort must be matched on our side by considerable political generosity , expressed in many different ways . parte
there is another side to the political generosity which it is our duty to display : we must all make every effort to win as many citizens as possible over to supporting the enlargement process . NULL
we must respect the there are deep and genuine public concerns on both sides of this argument and this is what our resolution tries to do . suscita
why is public opinion in great britain unlike that on the other side of the channel ? sponda
the issue of water in the middle east was also discussed in the context of the eu-israel association agreement , and the israeli side has also raised the subject of further funding for such programmes . israele
it is a fact of the game that sometimes luck is not on your side . fortunati
these are problems we argued a bit about and finally solved quite reasonably by means of a compromise which all sides find workable . instead , the second important point is the fact that , by means of this directive , we have established that new cars must demonstrate in their type verification and test that they are easy to recycle . parti
on the noise side , we know that as far as ordinary people on the ground are concerned those changes that have been introduced to make individual aircraft quieter are actually in danger of being cancelled out by the increasing frequency of each noise incident . inquinamento
on the emission side , air travel is the world 's fastest growing sources of greenhouse gases which cause climate change . emissioni
along with the positive aspects , we have to remember the flip side of the coin - drugs , violence at sports events and the negative elements associated with player transfers . faccia
science has always had two sides to it : it has always been the case that discoveries can be used for our benefit or against us : the wheel can be used to move us around more quickly or to kill people ; revolvers can be used to defend or murder people ; atomic energy can improve our lives or make atomic bombs . volti
maybe they should have dragged the negotiations out a while longer in order to gather everybody around the table , because i am aware that as long as the key players , both on the hutu side and tutsi side , do not meet , there will be no real peace . tutsi
this time it is the kidnapping of eleven british soldiers by the west side boys militia . side
new impetus and political will are needed from both sides to find an appropriate solution . parti
the commission acknowledges the results achieved by mrs ogata , the head of the unhcr , for instance , when she visited bhutan and nepal last may , and the commitment of both sides to find a viable solution soon . parti
if it can help to defuse the battle of words between the two sides somewhat , than it will certainly have served its purpose . schieramenti
i regret that the czech republic is unable to defend itself here and present its case , as it is always good to hear both sides of such a complicated argument . parti
it will also have an important side effect in that it will help third countries to manage unexpected emergencies or disasters they would not be able to handle by themselves . collaterale
measures under article 366 will be taken if the consultations fail to produce an acceptable solution for both sides in the discussions . parti
but this does not take away the fact that closed groups continue to live side by side without real integration . accanto
from our european perspective , we recognise the right of the israeli and palestinian states to exist side by side , as was illustrated once again very clearly this week during the remarkable visit of the presidents of both parliaments . accanto
we went to benin instead of fiji in the summer and that , in fact , was a strong measure from both the eu side and the acp side that it was taken as a natural thing that we could not sign the new agreement in fiji . parte
we are all delighted with the new achievements of our age : travel , the internet , mobile phones and simultaneous television broadcasts from the other side of the world , as we are now experiencing again with the olympic games in australia . capo
i really find it difficult to understand how anyone can remain silent and avoid taking sides and consider taking fingerprints from 14-year-old adolescents to be a legitimate action , when it is something which contravenes all the international treaties in force , particularly those on the rights of the child . astenere
i speak for some members on this side of the house in saying that there are concerns about this report . parte
on this side of the house we are realistic . parte
a proposal to include scaffolding in an earlier amendment to the directive was rejected by parliament , thanks to many of my colleagues on the other side of the house . opposto
this is a proper path to go down : the authorities cooperating with the two sides of industry . parti
but then nor should the burden fall on one side alone in agriculture , or have to be borne by individual products . oneri
some key acts of cooperation between the judicial systems and police services of at least two states , particularly on both sides of the french-spanish border , have recently produced some good results in this fight against terrorism . giudiziari
on one side stand those that die for democracy , and on the other , stand those that kill in their attempts to deprive us of our freedom . parte
as i said before , mr nogueira , a person may choose which side of the fence to sit on , but he later cannot seek futile excuses to justify his decision . parte
mr president , i would like to make the same proposal for amendment no 16 as for amendment no 15 : to mention both sides of extremism or not to mention either . ripropongo
i have asked for the floor on a point of order , mr president , because i have been trying to request to be allowed to speak for half an hour now and , as usual , you only look at one side of parliament and not the other at the expense of democracy . ramo
in certain countries , this can be done by means of national laws . in others , agreements concluded between the two sides of industry can be envisaged . parti
the second point is the - by now constant - call for the two sides of industry to be flexible and responsible . parti
' emersion ' contracts aside , in addition to the initiatives adopted by the member states to combat undeclared work which are to be included in the national employment plans , as the rapporteur requested , it would be interesting to find out how many allegedly joint flexibility initiatives have indeed induced both sides of industry to be responsible and how many have , in practice , been successfully implemented to date . parti
we do , however , know that , on both sides , there are men of peace who wish to forge ahead . parti
madam president , in a comment on the danish ' no ' vote on the euro , you expressed the view that the ' no ' side had appealed to an irrational fear . schieramento
we believe that the game of clarity should apply on both sides . ambedue
similarly , i find it intolerable that the european union , in its dialogue with asia , should avoid the question of india , which is a democracy , with a population in the order of that of its neighbour on the other side , china , but not the same type of government , and which does not have the same special relationship with the european union . parte
i believe we should make it clear that the election of the new taiwanese president is a historical opportunity to overcome the differences on the two sides of the taiwan strait , and we should do this . parti
how are we supposed to explain to the people of europe who only gained their freedom and self-determination in the last decade that the advantages of european integration are only available to those who happened to be on the " right " side of the iron curtain after 1945 . parte
these fast developing new markets create new supply and new demand ; it is an all win situation for both sides right from the start . parti
our group believes that it is quite possible , if we are so determined , to include the first group of applicant countries already in the next european parliamentary elections , if there is determination on both sides to do so . parti
and i can tell you why ; because these people wanted to be on the right side once and for all , i.e. securely anchored in the family of democratic nations . parte
this problem does not exist solely on the czech side , it exists on both sides and it is therefore a problem which we must resolve jointly . parte
looking at the copenhagen and then the maastricht criteria , we feel that they contain the bulk of what we need to ensure that the accession of candidate countries progresses in favourable conditions , i.e. with respect for the interests of both sides , the candidate countries and the current members of the european union . reciproco
you might say that i represent a region which , ten years ago , represented a good part of enlargement to the east - i too lived on the other side of the iron curtain . vivevo
the process of change and the momentum of this process of change will cause structural adjustment difficulties on both sides . parti
far better to err on the side of caution . profilassi
elmar brok rightly started his intervention by saying that we all stand to benefit from enlargement , especially those of us on this side of the current external borders . lato
we call on them to fight for a different europe of all the people , a europe without this inhumane side , in which people will defend their destiny and live with each other in peace , freedom , comradeship and mutually beneficial cooperation . intratterranno
for our part , we must implement the institutional reforms and they , on their side , must carry out major internal reforms respecting the copenhagen and other criteria . altra
however , in common with our rapporteur , mr wuermeling , i believe that it would not be in the interests of either party to the treaty for there to be no transitional periods , and being a delegate from a border region , who , like mrs schierhuber , owns a farm in the vicinity of the czech border , it is a matter of concern to me that the formation of close , common economic areas should be managed without any major problems , and lead to a positive outcome on both sides . parti
it is in the interests of both sides to achieve economic and social balance during integration of the transport markets , because we are already waiting with bated breath as to the consequences of distorted competition on our roads . parti
if , however , the universally-acknowledged constructive stand of the cypriot government notwithstanding , this proves to be impossible due to unwavering refusal on the turkish side , then i believe that the european union should not allow the integration of cyprus to be held hostage to turkish intransigence and that , on the contrary , it should immediately accept the republic of cyprus as a member of the union pending integration of the island as a whole at a later date , as happened with one of the founder members , the anniversary of the unification of which we controparte
there is a significant reason underlying our contribution , particularly regarding article 5 , which stems from the fact that , although this is a major , coherent instrument , its scope is still limited , for it concerns production measures and does not deal in any way with the commercial side of things . profilo
let me finish by stressing that the report , like the labelling of beef , will come down on the side of the consumer more than on that of the production chain . catene
i should also like to remind you that this process must not cause us to neglect the cooperation with the countries on all sides of the mediterranean to which we are committed ! bacino
although it may be difficult to have the various sensitivities , histories and , sometimes , contradictions live side by side , enlargement must adhere to this concept of peace and take part in the creation of a community that transcends ancient geographical and ideological borders , guided by common values and rules . coabitare
whatever the solution on settlers , and it is a thorny issue along with land restitution on both sides , this is too harsh without giving a qualification . parti
it is not going to be an easy task , given the lack of good will on the part of the turkish cypriot side and of turkey . parte
fourthly , the involvement of the two sides of industry . parti
we have proposed a number of amendments to the mann report , amendments which make some of the points referred to more democratic and more liberal and ensure that they advocate civil liberties . the amendments remove the reversal of the burden of proof , the involvement of employers ' associations in dialogue between the two sides of industry and limit sanctions to civil and administrative penalties , not criminal penalties . consociativo
the principle of non-discrimination is a fine one , mr president , but it also has a flip side . calzino
lastly , i would like to ask you whether we could quite rapidly develop research activities within a euro-mediterranean context , since you recently had a meeting at capri with the research ministers of countries from both sides of the mediterranean , and because this is an issue of great concern to parliament . settentrionali
and here i am referring to the flip side of variable geometry . geometrie
as concerns the euro-mediterranean context more specifically , i believe that you too will have noted the interest shown by the countries on both sides of the mediterranean in conducting joint research and technological development activities . settentrionali
there are other sides to this picture . sfaccettature
our heads of state and of government and the regional and national governments have realised that education has a role to play if we want to develop the economic and social sides of the european union . sviluppare
this is a practical way of supporting a project which could help overcome the problems of two large , differing populations living side by side , and this is an area where monitoring by the commission is crucial . contrapposti
mr president , general de gaulle spoke of the " paix des braves " i.e. the peace of the brave , in the era of franco-german reconciliation , by which he meant that patriots on both sides had been able to achieve a lasting settlement . parti
it is absolutely essential to end the dangerous deadlock where each side considers it unthinkable that the other should have sovereignty over the holy places . parti
the horrifying pictures of children running for cover being killed and of civilians being fired at from tanks and helicopters give us just a tiny glimpse of the hell which could be in store for both sides , israel and palestine , if they fail to conclude and implement the peace process as quickly as possible . popoli
however , i am not prepared - as i have been urged on several occasions , purely in order to appear fair - to refrain from calling the events of the last few days by their proper name or from making the same demands on both sides , as if the provocation and force were divided equally between them . parti
but i am prepared to call on my fellow members in the house to have the courage to call a murder a murder and to condemn provocation as provocation and not as counter-productivity , as mrs albright said , in order to gloss things over , purely to appear fair towards both sides . parti
a whole series of violations of the law - not just french law , but also european law - have taken place and i feel it would be a grave mistake not to refer the matter to the committee on legal affairs and the internal market or to hear mr le pen ' s side of the case . pen
following the informal employment and social policy council on 8 july this year in paris , the presidency invited all the parties involved , the european parliament , of course , the economic and social committee , the committee of the regions , both sides of industry , ngos , council groups and committees , to submit their proposals . parti
moreover , the two sides of industry have undertaken to work on this subject . parti
both sides of industry pointed out the need for common definitions . parti
we also want to see the leading politicians on our side , and call upon president prodi , the council , and the ministers , to take full account of the gender aspect , for example in the context of the european union ' s foreign relations , and particularly where the enlargement process is concerned . fianco
unfortunately , it has proved impossible since sharm-el-sheikh to implement the agreement worked out there , and the tensions on both sides remain considerable , to say the least , with the european union therefore monitoring the situation with the greatest of vigilance . fronti
the negotiators see the fact that there are malcontents on both sides as proof that they are on the way to striking the right balance . sponde
first we have to keep our heads , which means that amid all the emotion and horror it is not our job to castigate one side or the other . anatema
well , mr president-in-office of the council , since the high representative is now participating in the negotiations , which is something we all welcome , i would ask you whether the time has not come for a powerful initiative from the european union , which might offer its services to both sides in order to arrive at a status for jerusalem that both find acceptable and , why not , to ensure that this is enforced . parti
right now , mr barak and mr arafat must make their people understand that it is only through dialogue at a negotiating table , with painful concessions on both sides , that the conflict can be definitively resolved . parti
the british and the irish , the serbs and the croats , the israelis and the palestinians , the peoples on both sides can only exist if , as a precondition , human beings exist . preesista
indeed i think it crucial to organise , at some venue or other , debates where the arguments for both sides can be presented . contraddittori
i know that there are many people on both sides , both in favour of and against the tobin tax . sostenitori
the corsican and sardinian coastlines on either side are of exceptional ecological and historical value , as acknowledged by the 1993 franco-italian agreement , which prohibits french and italian merchant ships carrying hazardous products from travelling through the strait . riconosciuto
i particularly wish to stress that the agency and the present system of advisory committees cannot exist side by side . coesistere
i believe that , as far as that is concerned , you and parliament are on the same side . linea
the fact is that , whatever our opinion on either side , whether we are for or against a constitution , we all agree that our parliament should give its assent . pronunci
over and above the legal quibbling on all sides , the biarritz summit has confirmed that the process of european enlargement is a matter of laborious haggling . uni
there is both a positive and a negative side to this report . aspetti
similarly , the netherlands and denmark each have two regions in , or on the other side of , the atlantic , but those areas are expressly not included in the european union . oltreoceano
i have never taken part in a debate on capital punishment where everyone was on the same side and that is a point worth reflecting on . parte
i just ask parliament to reflect on the fact that this debate included speeches all of which were on the same side - a side with which i passionately agree . ardore
the people of serbia know that , from now on , they do not have to face the future alone but with the staunch support of the european union and the entire family of european democracies at their side . fianco
there was no recognition of the need to make sacrifices or to accept that we have historic responsibilities on both sides of the atlantic as the largest emitters of greenhouse gases . sponde
while we have a common organisation of the market and claim , on the one hand , that we do not want more money injected into it , this will only be effective if we , on the other hand , also consider the production side and possibly a certain level of control of this .  
at the same time we must remember that this is one side of the coin . faccia
on the other side , we need people with skills and qualifications who can use these services . necessitiamo
thirdly : because the budget remains a mechanism for applying a policy which falls short on the social and development side and which has not been reorganised despite constant warnings of the fall in the euro . contrassegnata
the proposal by mrs peijs and myself also seeks to bring the banks together around one table , not to lay down the law , but because we simply cannot increase the pressure any further from the political side . pressioni
so , as chair of the committee on fisheries , i would like to use our oral question and this debate to talk to both sides - since our motion for a resolution is addressed to both sides - about a few issues , and i would like to do so very calmly . parti
there is plenty of room for cooperation in the field of fisheries , and with willingness on both sides , it can , and must , be achieved . entrambi
finally , let me stress that , if the european union and morocco hope to cooperate in the future , flexibility is needed on both sides , as extremist demands will lead us nowhere . parti
on the spanish and portuguese side , i understand they are invoking a certain historic right . parte
and on the european side , we have the euro-mediterranean partnership , which is being put to the test . NULL
at least , that is what we can hope for at the moment , and from this alone we can be confident that fisheries relations with morocco will be re-established as soon as possible and in the best possible conditions for both parties , because a fisheries scenario for southern europe is unthinkable without satisfactory relations between both sides of the mediterranean , while the needless sacrificing of a fleet that has contributed so much to the development of fishing in morocco is unthinkable too . entrambe
the injustice is about two people doing the same job , working side by side , but on different pay and under different conditions . fianco
mr president , i shall side with the small number of dissidents in warning against the ideas , plans and projects in this stream of reports on legal policy which are up for debate today , including mrs gebhardt ' s report . dissentono
all sides gave their honest opinions - in my view - without falling back on inflexible opposing positions . parso
so , with a concern for openness which paid off in the end , in the course of its work the convention heard from the major european non-governmental organisations , both sides of industry in europe and , importantly , too , for the future , the candidate countries . parti
it is a huge feather in this institution 's cap - as is the fact that the groups stood side by side here - that we managed to secure 16 places for european parliament representatives at the fundamental rights convention . conquista
the draft before us is a balanced text which has already been applauded on all sides as an example of european consensus . parte
then , on the political side , it fails to recognise the right of the self-determination of peoples , and there is no clear definition protecting the natural family . manca
any references to the religious heritage of our nations , even though this is explicitly mentioned in the majority of the fundamental texts governing our states , including france , making reference to the supreme being , and even though such references were included in the initial text of the charter , were eliminated following pressure from several sides but particularly , it appears , from the representatives at the highest level of some member states , in the name of an obscurantism which mistakes the exclusion of any religious reference from the state sector for legitimate secularism . figurando
however , we must never forget that it will take two sides to resolve this issue , not just one . parti
there are still extreme disparities between the two sides of the mediterranean , which keep the peoples of the south in an explosive economic and social situation , with poverty and unemployment , particularly among young people . sponde
moreover , the dream of peace on both sides of the mediterranean should be listened to and the wish granted at the earliest possible opportunity . esaudire
we can only hope that this conference in marseilles does not turn into a platform for polemics , pushing the first important signs of a mediterranean policy in the european union and the revival of the barcelona to one side . battuta
my question , therefore , is when do you intend to start performing all your duties in a way which reflects the spirit of robert schuman , the content of the experts ' report and the situation in austria , and leaving your personal prejudices to one side ? pregiudizi
trans-national crime was discussed , the exploitation of migrants , people trafficking , the fight against illegal drugs , all those issues which , alas , form the darkest side of globalisation . lato
the summit adopted the separate seoul declaration for peace on the korean peninsula , welcoming the inter-korean summit in june , urging both sides to continue building on its success and underlining the importance of engaging the democratic people 's republic of korea in multilateral dialogue . parti
i think that it is our job here in parliament to follow up on what the european side generously included in the conclusions , namely cooperation between the european parliament and the parliaments of the countries in asia , following the first asem conference held in strasbourg a few years ago . parte
if , however , we opt for market organisation , and reinforcement of the associated policy , then we would do well , in my view , to see that the producer groupings are better equipped , so that they occupy a stronger position in the market ; a market which is becoming increasingly close-knit on the demand side , and which is gaining in influence . versante
i really think that you should have some concerns about the culture on your side , if the court of auditors is not capable of keeping its side of the bargain on such issues . istituzione
this proposal includes some extremely valuable general principles including the one which the other side of the chamber appears to find offensive . ala
it is therefore vital that the member states that are directly involved can defend their own interests by sitting at the negotiating table with the commission at their side playing a useful technical support role . fianco
his report is a useful contribution to that debate , though i hope he agrees in turn that the contributions made in committee , including those made on this side of the house , may perhaps have made it even more useful . ala
the set of tax measures adopted by germany affects the supply side of the economy more than the demand side but will also have some effect on demand , and we believe it will allow the growth potential of the german economy to increase in the medium term . offerta
i will not detail the horrors that have been committed on all sides . parti
it is indeed difficult to have national legislations and a european legislation existing side by side . coabitare
without action being taken from the greek side we will pursue the procedure already underway . porteremo
i support the need to gain more knowledge about the causes of poverty and i also support preventative action against exclusion resulting from mergers , industrial change , relocations , rural desertification , and urban ghettoisation , with innovative and tangible responses involving both sides of industry , local and national government and concerted action by the public . parti
setting standards on the output side will foster innovation . output
on the other side of the argument are the smes , which fear that regulation would make it difficult for them to raise credit because they would not be able to compete with the guarantees which large companies are able to provide . opposta
in particular , we must take account of the fact that situations sometimes occur in which the parent comes from the other side of the union , travelling thousands of kilometres , and so it is pointless to do this for a visit limited to one hour . opposto
over qualified majority voting and weighting , there will , in all probability , be vetos from all sides which will paralyse the demands of parliament and the public for a move towards democratisation of our system , towards making majority voting the general rule . paralizzeranno
it is extremely sad that a situation has developed where large and small countries have come to take opposite sides . uni
the most urgent issue remains the one you are concerned about , which is first and foremost an end to the violence and for both sides to be able to resume discussions on the basic issues directly . parti
i would remind you that the union is implementing measures on the basis of a common position of january 2000 , which are as follows : a complete ban on arms supplies , pressure to be exerted on all sides , support for the attempts by the international community and individuals within afghanistan to provide mediation , the fight against drugs and aid for the civil population . parti
the one-sided apportionment of blame which we have been hearing in this house , the condemnations of one side or the other in this conflict and the discrepancies in the voting patterns of the eu member states at the united nations on 21 october of this year - which one of the rapporteurs quite rightly criticised , by the way - have further reduced the union 's chances of assuming a productive and responsible role in the middle east . parte
and just to be on the safe side , both motions explain away the criminal objectives of the famous cfsp by proposing that all countries in the european union have professional , i.e. mercenary armies which will , of course , carry out their orders without question and without hesitation . NULL
in my view , we must beware of two equally dangerous traps : the gradual renationalisation of development aid on the one side , on the other a utopian vision of the commission as the sole player in the development aid field . lato
in the european union , there is currently the paradox that the abolition of internal borders for the free movement of goods , people , services and capital has to live side by side with the maintenance of 15 national borders in the fields of police and criminal justice , which the member states are making difficult to remove . convivere
it is important for the people in the balkans to understand , following the long period of hostilities during which our side presented a united front , that they can also rely on us when it comes to reconstruction . bellici
on the contrary , their restraint was driven by serious problems and concerns and the result of informed national opinion , which cannot be swept to one side and must be taken seriously . parte
on the positive side , we have managed to break through the power boundaries . positivo
let me just say to the council that , as far as this game is concerned , we have not run out of balls and this side intends playing until we get the right result . squadra
during the conflict in bosnia , europe was still not in a position to speak with one voice : one country was purported to be on the side of the serbs , another to be on the side of the croats . parte
i see it like this : revising the financial perspective means that if we make an increase on one side , we must at the same time decide where savings can be made . lato
money from energy : both sides need cooperation for that , and especially in parts of northern russia , which i would urge russia to turn to . parti
it is our task to help that government across the wire to the other side of the chasm . baratro
this parliament is naturally on the side of these values and will continue to support them . difenderli
you know how difficult this issue is ; it is laden with ideological overtones , sometimes from both sides . parti
but telecoms are about machines , this is about people meeting the service face to face , not meeting the service the other side of a telephone or computer screen . capo
mr president , without this important environmental side , madeira would be totally unable to sustain its ' goose that lays the golden eggs ' , which is tourism . aspetto
on the whole , we have managed recent disputes competently , for example , on the trade side . scambi
he has rightly said that the transatlantic relationship is one which has expanded greatly in the last ten years - mostly , it is true , on the american side thanks to president clinton ; but i think that history will relate that there has also been a european contribution to this new relationship , which has been a fundamental key to the way in which it has worked , through the transatlantic declaration of 1990 and through the new transatlantic agenda under the spanish presidency in december 1995 . parte
but there is another area which is very important and which has come in for a great deal of criticism , namely the mutual-recognition agreements , which have given rise to very many problems on both sides of the atlantic , especially the american side . parti
i should be grateful if you would deal in detail with these agreements in the communication which is scheduled for the spring of next year and if , besides the analysis requested by the other side of the house , you would also make proposals as to how we can achieve new aims in future in all domains - in the various dialogues , in our cooperation in the fields of foreign policy and security policy and even in practical everyday areas such as the mutual-recognition agreements . ala
we must defend our political autonomy and stop taking sides with the united states , whether it be in the uno , with regard to iraq or the arab world in general , in asia or in the balkans , where our actions , mr patten , have had disastrous consequences , whatever you may say . allinearci
ought not these health care costs in the united states to be added on if tax levels on each side of the atlantic are to be compared ? sponde
it is amusing to hear some of the comments being made around this chamber today but it is quite clearly also amusing to remember that the kind of cashless society that perhaps the likes of trotters independent trading company in the uk were involved in is the kind of society that is being advocated by some over on the other side of the house . ala
furthermore , the aspects of the case regarding state support cannot be investigated by the commission before the financial side of the agreement has been completed . pacchetto
would the member state have to use legislation to oblige the two sides of industry to accept a settlement via compulsory mediation by the government ? parti
discrepancies may lead to a situation where an airport on one side of the border , for example maastricht , is not allowed to expand , while 50 km down the road , a new airport is built in bierset without any restrictions . parte
that is also why parliament sides with your struggle . associa
we abstained on this vote , which is the umpteenth skirmish in the banana war which pits , on the one side , dollar-supported bananas dominated by three huge american capitalist groups and , on the other , bananas , which have until now been protected , from regions dominated by british or french capitalist companies or by a handful of powerful creole families . lato
and a summary would be that the shipbuilding industry is being threatened from all sides . lati
mr president , over the 50-year span that has passed since the unhcr was founded we have seen that , on both sides of the cold war , a system for aid for refugees is needed more desperately than ever . parti
neither side wants peace , but we must help to ensure that peace is established in that region . regnare
the way in which kosovar-albanians are currently harassing serbs on serb territory is not helping to defuse the situation on either side . parti
however , this fact does not in any way justify the dreadful reprisals on the albanian side , such as the violent killing of four ashani-roma in mid-november when they returned to their burnt down homes , nor the burning alive of a fifteen-year-old roma boy in orahovac . ashkali
i welcome steps now taken by kfor to tackle the problem and continue to urge restraint on all sides . parti
we should be at their side because they are defending the values which we hold dear and which the tunisian government and authorities have promised to respect under the association agreement . fianco
although i would not want to downplay it , the situation , despite being serious , does not appear to be out of control and there is some concern that outside interference could harm the chances of the two sides reaching some form of negotiated settlement . parti
the purpose of the european union is to extend the area of peace and stability which its founding members set up on either side of the rhine fifty years ago to the entire union . parte
mr president , as mr justice stevens remarked only yesterday , it is not a good thing for the rule of law or democracy if judges intervene in the judicial process and rule out of account the votes for one side or another . parte
it is truly alarming when we put in excess of eur 70 billion to one side , which inflates the budget and is then unavailable for other tasks that the eu has set itself . arretrato
what we need to do is to get close to them , and we need to get close to them not just by expressing an interest which , it goes without saying , is manifest on all sides ; we need to get close to them in practice , both physically and geographically , but mainly by learning about their history and what makes them tick . psicologia
there are also a few things wrong with the organisation of the asap on the policy side . asap
frontier workers must be flexible , so as to be able to cope with the confusion of laws on both sides of the borders . parti
of course , and i say this quite openly as a farmer myself , it is no help when all we hear about is the down side of the profession . mestiere
i took great pains to ensure that both sides understood the main aspects of future fisheries relations , especially with regard to fishing possibilities , the term of the agreement , technical fishing conditions and , most importantly , financial compensation . parti
unfortunately , the moroccan side suddenly took a very intransigent stance during my second visit on 8 and 9 january , especially on the important questions of fishing possibilities and technical terms , and made excessive demands for financial compensation . visita
i tried to persuade the moroccan side to reconsider its position , because an agreement was not on the cards on this basis , and i asked them to resume talks as quickly as possible in a bid to reach a final agreement . NULL
we are prepared to pay a fair price for a balanced agreement , but the price must be in proportion to the fishing possibilities granted by morocco and i have always clearly given the moroccan side to understand as much . parte
if our moroccan partners are now prepared to return to the negotiating table and show willing to negotiate , then i am sure that , in the end , we shall broker a solution which is acceptable to both sides . parti
finally , i should like to point out that the question of cooperation with morocco in the fisheries sector was one of the main points on the agenda for president prodi 's visit to morocco , when both sides took the opportunity of reaffirming their wish to conclude an agreement . omettere
the commission 's cautious and diplomatic approach - if i may express it thus - be it on your part , mr fischler , or on the part of commission president prodi , has met with little response and hence no real progress on the other side - i am tempted to say the opposing side . controparte
the international side of the cfp , our ever more necessary participation in multilateral organisations , is a challenge that still awaits us . NULL
i have to tell you that the agreement ceased de facto to apply 14 months ago , and that the moroccan side was , unfortunately , not prepared to enter into serious negotiation on a new agreement until the end of october last year , in other words , just three and a half months ago . parte
now on the positive side - and some of you from other countries may not be aware of this - bangladesh has lately been admitted as a full test cricket playing nation . aspetti
the commission has expressed the following priorities : improving the coherence between the various objectives of the cfp , especially between the conservation of resources , economic effectiveness and employment in fishing-dependent regions ; greater consideration of the economic side of fishing ; improving the integration of environmental and fishing policy ; improving administrative instruments , particularly integrating multiannual instruments ; seeking a more transparent decision making process and maintaining the external aspects of the cfp . dimensione
it is a most unpleasant feud made all the more unpleasant by the fact that one side is enjoying the support of the president of russia . parti
instead of the institutions acting side by side , as they have done in the past , they would therefore be acting together . finora
however , the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism recognise that the best people to deal with this problem are indeed the trade unions and the airline operators and , in a spirit of compromise , have agreed to give all sides until 1 may 2001 to reach an agreement that will form the text of a new subpart q. parti
mr president , mr simpson 's report is truly excellent , and i am qualified to say so for i consider myself to be one of the few people who are familiar with the technical as well as the political side of the sector , having recorded almost 10 000 flight hours precisely as a member of a flight crew before devoting myself to politics . profilo
some members may have been won over by the arguments set out in the letter on the matter from his excellency the ambassador of turkey , who again did us the honour of sending us what is now his customary letter in such cases , in which he stressed that the turkish government was handling the matter with the utmost seriousness and that parliament needed to leave superficialities to one side when dealing with matters as important as the prison system in turkey .  
for too long europe has elected not to intervene in events in algeria , siding with the established administration . schierandosi
by remaining attentive to the threats affecting the people , and by making it possible to recognise a right of asylum , solid bridges may be built between the two sides of the mediterranean . sponde
in order to work ecologically in environmentally responsible circumstances , the government too should set its political preferences for certain forms of politicisation of aid to one side , and we , on the other hand , must meet our obligations . politicizzazione
finally , the programmes for decentralised cooperation , which are supposed to enable representatives of civil society from both sides of the mediterranean to meet for the purpose of devising joint projects , have been frozen since 1995 . sponde
there will be no real partnership between the two sides of the mediterranean until the organised movement of people is put on the agenda . sponde
at the same time , the adoption of the euro-mediterranean charter for peace and stability , in which the two sides of the mediterranean cooperate actively and the bases of which derive from the rights of individuals , of the family unit , of cultural diversity and of religious dialogue , cannot be put off any longer . sponde
the management of projects on specific points and on common aspects is a need which has become a real one in relation to cases in which , on a private level , citizens and cities from both sides of the straits of gibraltar have been cooperating with wonderful results and without community patronage . sponde
today more than ever we must make the statement that only cooperation , dialogue , economic and cultural exchanges , solidarity and mutual understanding can turn the two sides of the mediterranean into a prosperous and peaceful area . coste
the mediterranean is , to all intents and purposes , the only european sea , and as long as we , in our plans and policies , look down on the other side of the mediterranean from on high , then we shall get nowhere . sponda
we must realise that the starting point for today 's debate , based on the two reports , based on the decisions taken in barcelona , is to see the other side of the mediterranean as part of europe . sponda
the european union itself must take initiatives - development , cultural and , most importantly , peace initiatives - so that the two sides of europe can stand opposite each other without our again hearing echoes of " hannibal ante portas " or " delenda est carthago " or a modern version of scipio . parti
there are europeans on the other side of the mediterranean and we would do well to remember that . renderci
i hope that the same will become true of mediterranean policy as of today , not only because the middle east is one of the most insecure areas on our borders or because the southern side of the mediterranean is the greatest source of migration towards europe , but also , i am glad to say , because , as president prodi recently stated , having already discovered america we have now discovered asia , and the mediterranean has resumed its key position in world trade and exchange which must be exploited on both northern and southern sides . sponda
therefore , ladies and gentlemen , there is still reason to be hopeful that we may either reach a definitive agreement - a faint hope , to be honest , since there is little chance of reaching a definitive agreement by sunday - or that we may gain an explicit commitment from both sides on a range of parameters so that , whatever the situation in israel and the territories after 6 february , there will always be a range of commitments that have been agreed on , accepted by both sides , which means that we will not have parti
naturally , we are all seriously concerned about the loss of life on both sides . parti
we must support both sides in their journey towards a solution to the conflict , based on the peaceful resolution of differences , on tolerance , on respect for human rights and the consolidation of peace . NULL
we must now work on unanimity and understanding of the legitimate concerns on both sides . parti
mr president , the european union can no longer confine itself to observing from afar what is happening on the other side of the mediterranean and clear its conscience by making mainly generous donations of funds , the use of which it has not always been able to regulate , as commissioner patten has just reminded us in so timely a fashion . sponda
mr president , i do not care which side fires the bullets : whether they are fired by israelis , iraquis or turks , it is the duty of the european union to condemn the killing of children . dell
today this process can be summed up in two affirmations : firstly , we cannot lose sight of our inescapable objective , which is peace in the region , a peace which must be established and consolidated on the basis of an acceptance by all sides of the rules of international law and decisions of the un security council : and , secondly , europe must once and for all , in attempting to resolve this conflict , assume the responsibility that befits our political influence , our values and our interests . parte
therefore , i believe that we in the european union should take a more active role : supportive - not to replace the americans in the peace process - but to support and give confidence to both sides that we are a fair , just , impartial broker . parti
that is something that i hope mr solana and the council will impress on both sides : if there are international agreements where there is international law , then both sides should abide by them . parti
for the first time the four or five most important parameters have now been defined , and both sides have accepted them as the important parameters to be defined and accepted , and they have begun to negotiate them seriously and in depth . parti
the concern which i do have and the cause of the deep sadness which i also feel is that , as some of you have said , the oslo process is beginning to lose the political support of both sides , which it had a few years ago . parti
the second point , which is also quite important , is that , as i have already mentioned , we must gradually arrive at a system for internalising external costs , i.e. they must be considered for road and rail side by side . gradatamente
consequently , in this case my group was more on the side of the council than the majority of this parliament . posizione
thus , for example , the creation of independent regulatory authorities does at least give the go-ahead for more competition , and we can only hope that the necessary reforms do not get stuck on the sidings . binario
on the other hand , a quiescent current has its positive side , when , for example , the air in the room has to be heated . riscaldare
of course , the member state on the other side and the citizen is interested first of all in asking anyone who wants to pack his bags and go to another member state straight after his exams about the training he has received . ricevuta
but i should also like to say that we very much regret that the commission was unfortunately not on our side from the outset on the points we were calling for and on which the council finally gave way . sostenuto
on the positive side , we can mention the netherlands ' kris programme , the irish system and denmark ' s experience with the nordic countries . kris
on the positive side , we all know that the individualisation of supply and demand is one of the opportunities presented by electronic publishing . lati
on the negative side , access to reading material will be twice as difficult as it is now . lati
it is my view that these are two sides of the same coin . facce
i would simply like to ask you to look at the right-hand side of the house as well when requests to speak are being made . guardasse
mrs schleicher , we take note of requests from all sides of the chamber . emiciclo
at first reading , all sides put a lot of hard work and effort into this very technical commission proposal , and i would sincerely like to thank the rapporteur , mr savary , today . dedicato
when this was discussed in committee all sides , including the commission , showed great understanding on this point . parti
i shall leave the technical details of the proposal to one side now and call attention to persistent problems . riemergono
mr president of the commission , i call on you to give a straight answer to a straight question : are you on parliament 's side when it comes to demanding a constitutional process and a convention and for decisive democratic principles , such as the division of power , checks and balances , public legislating and so forth , to be added to the list of nice leftovers ? parte
let us therefore look to public opinion , and forget name changing , so that parliament and the commission can fight side by side . fianco
so when we talk about involving national parliaments , we need to put them on the council 's side in the legislative process . fianco
there are two sides to this policy , the geographical aspect and the content . aspetti
the fundamental rights of the european union , mr president - and now we will have to see how we can include this charter in the treaty - also have another side . volto
within this debate , i think that the role of the european parliament , which is where all the currents and all the trends in europe officially exist side by side , must be an important one . coesistenza
if you go ahead and extend the definition of family to unmarried partners , grandparents on both sides or students ' live-in partners , give them the right to move here a year later , classify them as asylum seekers and also give them the right to work , then the immigration system will become unmanageable and uncontrollable and , in certain circumstances , all cases of immigration will come under your so-called family reunion system . paterni
mr president , on this side of the house we are not trying to stop restructuring but we want it to be done in a socially responsible way . ala
there are billions of kroner and euros in the system in a sector dominated on the producer side by , above all , the american entertainment industry , but it is not of course this that we must mainly take an interest in . dominato
equally , on the balancing side , consumers expect that their existing rights to be able make private copies , to be able to use library facilities , to be able , if they are disadvantaged , if they are blind or disabled , to have access to new forms of media will be safeguarded . viceversa
but with the council and the governments on either side , in the council and in parliament , what need is there for parliament ?  
i am on the authors ' side and i call on parliament to restore these rights - at least to some degree . schiero
as regards growing high-protein feed in the form of field beans and field peas and so forth , we have undertaken to investigate this whole issue from the demand side as well as from the supply side . domanda
i am certain that if the honourable member wanted to write explicitly on the nato statement and the possibility of the use of plutonium and its side effects in that region , either in the course of acts of war or otherwise , my colleagues in the commission would be more than ready to provide a comprehensive reply . collaterali
it is not a case of saying one thing and doing another from that side of the house . parte
since i took over the rapporteurship of this report i have tried to involve all the interested parties from the manufacturing side right through to the user side . stendere
on the manufacturing side , i have had several meetings with the european constructors ' association as well as individual bus companies . costruttrici
i just want to address the question of why we on this side have chosen to propose a motion of rejection . gruppo
yet nine years after this directive was first discussed , when the disability movement for a generation has put accessible public transport at the heart of its demands , those on the opposite side of the house threaten to vote , not simply against the amendment , but to destroy the whole directive . parte
i am tabling it again in the chamber in the hope that , this time , the request for the scope of the directive to be extended to include this activity as well will be accepted by that section of parliament which professes always to be sensitive to the problems of elderly and disabled people , that is the left side , and that mrs jensen 's central section will vote for this amendment too . sinistra
i believe that a priority here is improved coordination of employment and economic policy , which are , after all , two sides of the same coin . facce
all sides , and everyone concerned , must play their part in settling the cyprus issue ; this naturally includes the representatives of the turkish community and especially turkey itself . parti
to our great regret , i believe that relatively little has been done in these areas in recent months ; on the contrary , we have the impression that the progress initially achieved in the second half of 2000 has now been reversed and that the turkish side - the government itself - has lost the courage to adopt these measures swiftly and resolutely . parte
the 27 indicators proposed by the commission is on the excessive side as it is . eccessivi
i believe that there is a great deal to be gained on both sides with this agreement . parti
where the industrial side of this overall strategy is concerned , the council would remind meps that , in the report to the european council in helsinki , it was emphasised that a strong contribution was required from the industrial sector in order to strengthen sustainable development in the economic area . versante
on the positive side , macau 's economy has progressed significantly since the handover , enjoying a 4 % growth in gdp during the year 2000 . versante
on our side , we will support their correct implementation where possible , including through our cooperation programme and particularly our legal cooperation project . parte
this provided an excellent forum for both sides to exchange candid views and detailed information on the work in progress of transforming macao into a special administrative region . parti
a good example is the fact that the agreement foresees the almost total prohibition of performance requirements which will prevent the mexican side from specifying the terms on which it would like to see trade and foreign investment . controparte
a side agreement on cooperation on human rights is to be envisaged . prevedere
at this time of night , and coming from a spanish and portuguese evening that ms cerdeira and i attended , i am tempted to surrender to mr cappato ' s rhetorical charms and agree with him completely , because in fact the only thing i can understand is that the ministers meet on one side and on the other there is some machinery which points towards other objectives . lato
on one side are the kosovars , waiting impatiently for a decision on the final status of their country , also waiting impatiently for elections and still - and let us be clear , understandably - full of hatred for the serbs . NULL
on the other side there is the serbian government which , with new faces in charge and fine plans , can be sure of a great deal of sympathy from the international community . lato
for example , without taking sides , europe could support belgian efforts to bring some stability to a population of over 55 million men and women in a land area larger than that of the enlarged europe . schierarsi
for more than five months hundreds of thousands of refugees from liberia , sierra leone and guinea have been hemmed in between the warring sides . parti
let me make it clear that i want our resolution today to be understood on the one hand as an urgent appeal to the russian government to stop violating human rights in chechnya and to play its part in the initiation of long-overdue measures of de-escalation and on the other hand - and let me emphasise this quite clearly - as an encouragement for those on both sides - russians and chechens - who are trying to bring about a peaceful end to this conflict at long last . parti
i really do think this was rather an ambivalent signal to send , and i presume that the troika and commissioner patten , who are in moscow at the moment , will raise this issue with the russian government and will call on the russian side to resolve this distressing situation . parte
nevertheless , i assume that those on the russian side who are genuinely committed to finding a non-military solution to the chechen conflict will win the day . russi
as this example - along with the fact that chechnya lies within the ambit of the council of europe and its human rights convention - shows us quite clearly , chechnya is not one of those problems on the opposite side of the globe but an essentially european problem . lontano
it is tragic that each side should resort to unacceptable methods in response to the other side ' s resistance instead of finally sitting down at the negotiating table and beginning the process of reconstruction . esecrabili
i regret the unseemly public debate over the censure , the lack of diplomacy in handling this issue by both sides and the very negative political fallout that has ensued . parti
in the grey economic space , the budget was inflationary , but , on the supply side , the tax change will bring greater participation in a stretched labour force . offerta
how long are we going to put up with the indignity of one of our members , under the protection of his position as an elected member of parliament for one of the member states - spain - taking the floor every time there is a terrorist attack and a condemnation by this house to play down the attack , to justify the crimes and to side with the murderers . sopporteremo
we must be honest for once , and if a strategy is pursued which allows the small farmers to go to the wall - which is the message i heard , especially on the german side , from the agriculture council on monday evening - my response is that it is simply not a strategy . parte
in addition , it is those very people that are on the wrong side of the digital divide who are already today ' s excluded citizens . segregati
but we must build up this side of things ; if the commissioner really shows us that he and his commission , with the support of the council , are taking a first step in the direction parliament wishes , then i believe we have the opportunity to enter a new phase together . che
it will be a blueprint for other donors and i hope that all members from all sides will support this report and the commission as well . schieramento
i do not share the view that there should be any special problem here , because our side and , more importantly , the main member state affected , rejected what was on offer . offerta
much progress has already been made in the political and cooperation fields but major progress is still needed on the trade side . campo
our main guidelines are achieving a strategic political partnership , strengthened cooperation , and a wto-plus deal on the trade side . plus
this is nothing new to you , and we are on the same side here , but the council is listening , and perhaps the council will be prepared , one day , to introduce an amendment with us . fianco
now i want to touch briefly on the rather shadowy side of globalisation which is typified for me by access to medicines and the clear need for a review of trips . lato
therefore , if the objective , as was stated at the lisbon meeting , is for the economic side of things , for the economy to be knowledge-based as well , we cannot ignore the fact , mr monti , that the union , which cannot and must not remain merely economic , is in need of a huge effort in terms of the citizens ' awareness and their participation in the integration of this europe if it is to become a political and civil union as well . fattore
this solidarity between member states with regard to reception is reflected in the principle of voluntary action by both sides . volontariato
the idea of ensuring voluntary action by both sides first came up during the german presidency and has gained ground . volontariato
in a statement on sport that i will be sending firstly to the commission and then to parliament , i will therefore propose that 2004 be declared the european year of sport and that , in this way , school children be introduced to this other aspect of sport , which is distinct from the business side of things , in other words , the sport of fair play , the true values of our society . play
the commission expects the turkish side to make every effort to contribute constructively to the attempts to achieve a comprehensive settlement of the cypriot question that are being undertaken in the framework of the un peace process . NULL
if the stalled un talks are to be reactivated , both sides must demonstrate genuine willingness to resume their dialogue and to engage in substantive negotiations . parti
secondly , may i ask whether you find it conceivable that , if there are such transitional phases , one side ' s temporary derogation from freedom of movement in respect of certain groups of people will be balanced by the other side ' s derogation from freedom of establishment for particular groups of people ? parte
i find it conceivable that we shall be able to define interests of both sides that need and merit protection in the three areas to which you referred and that , having defined these interests , we shall indeed arrive at a highly flexible , highly refined and highly specific system of transitional arrangements . parti
parliament showed its best side at first reading and did what parliaments are expected to do , namely to lend substance to the care for humans , nature and the environment in general . da
he and i alternate from one side to the other as rapporteur and shadow rapporteur of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market on these technical files . alterniamo
essentially , we are looking for some shape of strategy and for key issues requiring a political input , so that we can then leave the technical side to the commission . aspetti
i can understand , with the impression made by nice and the power games played out there , why one side or the other is tempted to resort to aggressive or belligerent words . uni
growth in the united states is slowing down and , given the impact of strong growth in the usa on european trade , this may undermine the eu economy although , on the positive side , we are becoming increasingly immune to economic developments in america and this represents a positive balance and positive justification for our measures . positivo
for the future , following frequent requests from the ukrainian side , more attention will be paid to the eastern borders of ukraine , to control better the influx of illegal migrants who seek to enter the union illegally .  
moreover , the principle of one vote for each country in the acp group as opposed to one vote for each person on the european side is not a fair one . parte
in particular , the call for a coordinated european action plan was backed on all sides of the house and evidently also fell on fertile ground in the council of ministers and the commission . parti
one way of avoiding this might be to quickly introduce a federal constitutional regulation into macedonia , along the same lines as that which enables flemings and walloons to live peaceably side by side again since belgium ' s federalisation . valloni
both sides were involved in this process and both sides gained from it . parti
the positive thing about the eu proposal is that it involves both sides , users and producers , and that the eu is striving for more binding commitments . parti
before this , i dealt with this subject as a journalist for a daily newspaper , so i think i know the subject from all three sides that are particularly involved here . parti
now i am hearing from all sides - including from the commission - how sympathetically and favourably they look upon my amendments , but that unfortunately they cannot accept them because there are trade-related issues preventing them from doing so . NULL
however , this has taken us away from a specific line of thought , so much so that the report is merely portraying all sides of the argument , and that is not the fault of mr sacconi alone , but of the entire commission . staccati
the commission should ensure that no public health side effects arise from the uncontrolled recycling of pvc products . collaterali
indeed , if we were to criticise the commission , we would criticise it rather from the other side ; we would hope that the commission would take a rather more robustly liberal attitude , for example in the proposals which it has made for a directive on occupational pension funds , to remove the possibility of certain member states deciding to continue to implement quantitative restrictions for which there is absolutely no evidence whatsoever of any superior performance . opposta
but when the ad hoc delegation went to serbia earlier this year , and we were discussing this with the world bank , they made the point that they would be looking at the supply side to see what the needs of serbia were . offerta
when you do that , it does not seem so dry any more , because it is no secret that parliament , as one arm of the budgetary authority , would like to have full budget rights , that is to say codecision not just on expenditure but also on the revenue side . lato
on the qualitative side , we found that the european parliament administers a huge budget . versante
for 1999 , the court gave the commission a positive statement of assurance on the revenue side , for commitment appropriations and for administrative expenditure , but not for other payment transactions , as has also been the case in previous years . entrate
it would have made things much easier for us - for both sides - if you had done so . parti
however , i should like to thank my spanish colleagues on both sides for their willingness to cooperate and for the fact that they appreciate the different views . schieramenti
given the permission for emergency vaccination , i had hoped that the commission would have begun to appreciate the ethical side of agriculture . lato
subject : humanitarian aid for the chechen people leaving to one side the rights and wrongs of the commission 's humanitarian policy in chechnya , can the commission state whether , given that it has on several occasions drawn attention to the difficulties involved in operating inside chechnya itself , it would be willing to support the implementation of humanitarian projects inside georgia and azerbaijan , aimed at the chechen people and involving first and foremost the provision of medical assistance ? cecene
i would like it to be made clear from your side - i think you expressed it well , but you could perhaps stress a little more - that no such way out will be given to extremists inside this country or , as you well know , outside it , to political forces in kosovo . parte
it is , like a lot of borders , difficult to give cast iron guarantees of security about the ability to pass from one side to the other . assolute
that is why we raised the issue with the russian side , but i repeat the assurances which they have given us . controparte
we welcome the european commission 's proposal to make 2003 the year of disabled citizens but its impact will be diminished if the commission does not , during that same year , publish a general disability discrimination directive which offers comprehensive civil rights to disabled people in europe , similar to the american disabilities act , on the other side of the atlantic . parte
either we talk and negotiate - which will bring the things which were discussed in camp david , as well as the different possibilities , back on the negotiating table - or we end up in a situation where this spiral of violence , from which so many of the extreme factions on both sides stand to benefit , is given a chance to develop . parti
the two sides are not equal : on the one hand , there is a state , which has never defined its borders , which is expanding its settlements and has one of the strongest armies in the world ; on the other , there is an occupied people and an occupied territory , without either state or army , which is unable even to exercise any control over bean imports , let alone borders : since 29 september , this people has been besieged , bombed , its villages sealed off , with its sick dying at military check uguale
mr president , i should like to begin by pointing out on the positive side that the stockholm european council has emphasised the strategy drawn up in lisbon , and has even added to and strengthened it in certain concrete matters . positivo
that was a very important step in view of the level of damages which was laid down by the warsaw convention of 1929 and which was definitely on the low side . 1929
madam president , it seems clear that we face in all these issues two critical imperatives : on the one side , it is vitally important that democratic deliberation in an assembly of this kind goes forward without unfair impediment or abuse of legal processes to deter members from exercising their democratic mandate properly . lato
on the other side , always when issues of immunity arise , the contemporary unpopularity of politicians becomes an issue and people say " politicians hide behind membership of legislative houses in order to get away with things that ordinary people are punished for doing " . NULL
madam president , as you might have noticed , the italian members of the european parliament on this side of the house have until now avoided intervening on the issues related to mr berlusconi 's and mr dell 'utri 's parliamentary immunity . lato
as regards the humanitarian side , it is quite different . aspetto
control , public scrutiny and democracy are different sides of the same issue and , against that background , i essentially agree with the criticism forwarded to all my fellow meps from five distinctive organisations . aspetti
we shall also take the lead in establishing still better rules in a couple of years ' time for , in spite of everything , transparency has the future on its side . rimboccheremo
at the same time , this violent clash between albanian guerrilla fighters and a macedonian elite patrol raises fresh questions concerning the effectiveness of the international military presence on both sides of the kosovar-macedonian border . lati
in other words , would it not be better for the euro to be the same on both sides ? facciata
things are moving on all sides , though admittedly not always in the right direction , but then we are learning lessons as well . versanti
like the euro coin , the new step has two sides . facce
the fact is that we need to be proactive and ensure that young people are correctly informed about the side effects of a drinking habit , as they are for other psychotropic substances , both legal and illegal . collaterali
when commissioner fischler passes , as all of us must , to the other side - although not for a long time i trust - and he meets st. francis of assisi who asks him : ' commissioner , why so much slaughter for nothing ? assisi
it is a matter of some regret that we found ourselves so often on the opposite side of the argument to algeria in our espousal of the universal validity of human rights . parte
we are on the side of the commission , which has proposed maximum limits . parte
bearing in mind that the key goal of this measure is to thwart the use of so-called ' illegal ' non-eu drivers for lorries of eu businesses , the scope of this proposal appears to be somewhat on the generous side . camion
if europe wants to make a credible contribution to this debate , we must not choose one side or the other , but always the side of peace , democracy and human rights . parte
issues , including the status of jerusalem , the borders of the palestinian state , the fate of jewish settlements and the right of return of palestinian refugees , were all being discussed between the two sides last year . parti
do the council and commission share this analysis and what opportunities do they see for combating this tendency from the european side ? opporsi
for at this moment , says mr van aartsen , the administrative weakness of the palestinian authority threatens to undermine its authority on two sides , with its own population and no less with the state of israel . fronti
simply stating ones support for the claims of one side or the other is several principles short of a peace policy . parte
i have no hesitation in saying that we must consider giving the arab side a large enough force , including a large enough nuclear force , to persuade israel that it cannot simply do whatever it wants . parte
if we are to have any prospect of being useful , we must act with absolute impartiality . that is the first difficulty in this exercise , since each of the camps expects first of all that we side with it against its enemy , following the old adage that my enemy 's enemy is my friend , but my enemy 's friend is my enemy . schieri
lastly , let me say that the israelis and the palestinians need us to make serious proposals for a solution . we know that a peaceful settlement will require sacrifices on both sides . parti
prisoners on both sides still have to be returned and the shebaa farms on the golan border belonging to lebanon are still held , controlled and occupied by israel . NULL
for its part , the council will naturally also make demands of the palestinian side : that the palestinians are to have a more open budget , that they should work more on the basis of democratic , open principles , that they should do everything in their power to stop terrorism . palestinesi
as i said , we have also demanded that the palestinian side do all it can to prevent terrorism and to reduce violence . palestinesi
i would like to say both to the israeli side and the palestinian side that this is not a question which concerns only you . parti
mr lagendijk asked what we would be saying to the israeli side next week at our meeting on 21 may and he said that what we sought , or should seek , in the middle east was a balanced approach . parte
i do not think , and i do not think he thinks either , that means we should search for some point on the political agenda where neither side will disagree with us . parte
the mitchell commission - and i hope we will do much the same - in my judgment supports those who are still committed to working for peace on both sides of the argument . parti
several initiatives , from different sides , have been taken with a view to resolving the situation : by the president of the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe , the presidency of the council and the european commission , as mr verheugen pointed out , and , on a personal basis , by the chairman of our parliamentary delegation that visited ankara and met all the actors involved in this singular conflict . la
if the european parliament delegation just announced is to make any sense or have any chance of success , then both sides need to be willing to find a compromise or , at the very least , to stop what they are doing . parti
as a member of this delegation , i trust we shall receive the full cooperation of the turkish authorities on our visit at the beginning of june , in the hope that the european parliament by applying the principle of hearing both sides of the argument can contribute to ending the tragedy of the hunger strikers . contraddittorio
i still cannot see that there is the will to find a compromise and for understanding on both sides . parti
because when i look at bulgaria and romania on the one side and at turkey on the other , there is a certain restrained - one might almost say unfair treatment of the balkans . lato
a side benefit is that pensions savings through active investments can help secure the prosperity that is the basis for pensions of the future . secondario
the presidency is aware that proposals have come from a number of sides , not least from belgium , to develop the informal " euro council " and add more functions . parti
from what i hear , everyone speaking on this side of the channel has an entirely different perspective . sponda
it is a document that upholds the rationale of just one side and belies the good will demonstrated on many occasions by the israeli leaders . parte
trust and respect for the legitimate aspirations of both sides should be expressed in a balanced way in the text we are discussing , but i do not find in it the balance i would like to see . parte
madam president , like , i am sure , many of us members of the european parliament , i consider the citizens of the other side of the atlantic , in america , the citizens of all the americas , to be our friends and my friends . parte
we are positive that all the workers of europe will say the same and we shall be at their side . fianco
i hope that in its new proposals , the european commission will not only consider noise-reducing tyres , but will also look into noise-reducing asphalt , for the noise of traffic is a thorn in the side of an increasing number of people . asfalto
the irish referendum should provide everyone with reason for reflection , bearing in mind the substantial resources employed on the ' yes ' side compared with the few employed on the ' no ' side . investite
evil triumphed last weekend , not in the person of those people who went out and mistakenly voted for the wrong side , but of those who told them lies and deceived them . parte
it was the one key issue where the public were definitely and clearly on our side . parte
as the committee on citizens ' freedoms , we have also made an important contribution on the procedural side by making provision for criminals to be extradited , so that the phenomenon of sexual tourism can be stamped out , and amending legislation on double criminality , so that offenders cannot escape to countries in which crimes against children are punished more leniently . mite
mr president , minister , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , when the issue of animal welfare is mentioned , no one in europe thinks of cats in cages at the airport , no one thinks of horses being transported to the olympic games on the other side of the world , and no one thinks of birds in cages on fifth-floor window sills . parte
the proposal that contributions to staff pensions be entered on the receipts side of the commission budget has also fallen by the wayside . parte
when we look at incineration , when we look at burial and look at the hazards , created by the 1 % of farms that have still been using swill for pigs , we see additional risks on each side . broda
the council has come down clearly on the side of pernod / ricard in this dispute , and the commission supports this position too . il
you will have noticed that legislators on both sides of the atlantic have been coming under increasing pressure to support the decisions of their respective governments . parti
in order to make things quite clear and to add my own opinion to this debate , i would remind you , in case anyone needs reminding , that it was not a question of taking sides in favour of such and such a business , or in somebody ' s individual interests , whether that would have been legitimate or not , but rather of assessing , from the point of view of the interests of the union in general , the compliance of the american law on trade marks with the wto code . parteggiare
there will soon be eighteen or twenty countries on the european side . parte
this new partnership between europe and asia gives both sides a golden opportunity to deepen and strengthen relations , in respect not only of the economy , but also political , social and cultural matters . parti
but with great respect to the house , it is no good the house on one side telling me that we can never close a delegation ; then on the other side people tell us that we should open new delegations and the whole house agreeing that there should be a limit on the number of delegations we can have . lato
the irish ' no ' vote was presented in the press as a ' no ' to enlargement , even though the ' no ' side too had said that the enlargement negotiations should continue . fronte
i would like to add my congratulations to the foreign ministers for ensuring that the presidency ' s six months , which started out looking rather grey will seemingly end a little more on the light blue side . rosei
no one campaigned against enlargement on the " no " side . fronte
not one single political party in ireland argued against enlargement , either on the " no " side or the " yes " side : only one organisation - a non-party organisation which campaigned for " no " - argued against enlargement . apartitica
at any rate , the low irish turnout was due mainly to the demobilisation of the ' yes ' voters , which is , of course , something else to be put on the debit side of the treaty of nice . partigiani
we think that flexible working times should be in the interest of both sides , i.e. the employer or haulier and the employee , which is why we feel that a day 's notice is a sensible solution . parti
we very much want to support them and be by their side . fianco
the major challenge we face is to restate and explain the need for everyone involved on both sides of the conflict to accept unhindered access to the country by humanitarian organisations . fronti
then , of course , the moroccan side would have had to maintain records of how it had deployed the funds . parte
is there some other way in which we can oblige the two sides of industry and the national governments to ensure a good working environment ? parti
amendments came from the other side of the house as well . settore
the fact that in the process , a country like libya gains more power and esteem in the continent is a regrettable but obviously inevitable side effect . secondario
i wonder , however , whether the two sides - and i mean both the government of mr dos santos and unita - are not actually doing their level best to prolong the war . parti
just as we remember the united nations deliberations on the conflict and we do not deny that the various sides have different responsibilities . parti
i do not think either side will agree to this . uni
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , further to what mrs sanders-ten holte has said , it can be seen that there are two sides to every question . facce
we are friends and we want to remain friends , but they must realise that they have an equal partner on the other side of the table who wants to resolve this problem the best way possible and find rules which will be applied as quickly as possible . avare
we should not , because of superficial party interests , fail to recognise the wider importance of our democratic and constitutional system , and we should join forces against any form of violence , whichever side it comes from , from the extreme right or the extreme left , as an act of democratic solidarity . schieramento
it involves give and take on both sides . reciproco
codecision means more than just one side having to be flexible . parte
the lobbies change sides once the technologies assume a greater economic significance in our societies , and the example of germany is a wonderful illustration of this . cambiano
the unions in germany , which were against renewable energy sources and in favour of nuclear energy some five years ago , have changed sides because there are now more supporters for renewable energy sources than for nuclear energy . cambiato
that is why i believe that it is of great importance for the political aspects to be discussed more among the commission , council and european parliament , and for the technical side to be left to the cept to take care of . demandando
if a kind of virtual property arises as a result of frequency allocation , would it not make sense to permit licensing in this field in such a way that a new source of income is again available for finance ministers which , combined with equity capital formation for the companies involved , brings a benefit for both sides ? parti
whether it be called a forum , a convention or whatever , what essentially it is about is excluding one side : the crucial side of the agenda . parte
i call on the belgian presidency , together with its colleagues , to make the introduction of the euro really a top-level issue so that we not only have brochures being distributed but also confidence-building measures being initiated by your side , so that as the euro moves from being a virtual currency union to being a reality it is accompanied by confidence and credibility . affidamento
let it also be an incentive to extend the cease-fire and to halt the military activities on both sides which are costing so much politically , financially and in human lives . parti
the president of the country is the president of all the people of the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , and an albanian vice-president with a right of veto would therefore be an unreasonable demand from the albanian side . parte
when , for once and with considerable effort , the liberal democrat group managed to vote as one and we find ourselves on the losing side of such a vote , it is all the more important to us to raise this issue . parte
one side has the right to a state prosecutor , the other to its judge . partito
in the end , we will strive for an overall package where compromises on one side are balanced out by gains on the other . lato
we must make the revenue side and the expenditure side more transparent . entrate
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , to jointly debate the system of own resources and the next budget at the point of conciliation reinforces the idea that income and expenditure are two sides of the same coin . facce
this is in part the result of increased revenue , the fruit , for example , of a more favourable trend in gross national product than was initially assumed , but for the greater part it is the result of resources not being implemented on the expenditure side . spese
i think it is of course also quite important that all who welcome a restructuring on the revenue side should now also find a common vocabulary as soon as possible . entrate
from my own point of view , i can only stress what mrs haug said , that the real issue is : will the european parliament continue to have these reduced budgetary powers on the revenue side as it does on the expenditure side ? entrate
i think the committee will be fully in agreement with mrs wallström representing the european side at this high level group because climate protection policy is one of our most pressing concerns . parte
that is why the g8 is increasingly organising side events and meetings with third countries and civil society alongside the summit . collaterali
the rapporteur agrees to the ' revenue ' side of this supplementary and amending budget , in other words the reimbursement , which we support , of eur 7.5 billion arising from the 2000 surplus to the member states . parte
mr president , we have just adopted the report by my colleague , patricia mckenna , and i must certainly recognise that it has turned out to be a good document , covering in detail all the circumstances and problems affecting our coastal areas , both on the geographical , climatic , environmental and biodiversity side and as regards their economic , social , cultural , and leisure and recreational aspects . ricreativi
mr president , i should like to start my remarks by referring briefly to comments from the other side of the house , from mr medina ortega , who complained about what this legislation does not do , with particular reference to social harmonisation and tax harmonisation - omissions which i personally welcome . lato
mr president , i should also like to congratulate the rapporteur for the quality , constancy , sense of responsibility and coordination , in addition to his attempt to obtain consensus , which has enabled him to present a report in which the need for both sides of industry to be able to deal with mergers , relocations and restructuring as painlessly as possible is emphasised . parti
firstly , a bizarre side effect of the extension of qualified majority voting causes institutions to have what i will call a type of regulatory illusion . perverso
madam president , it is true that the situation seems to have settled into a horrendous vicious circle in which there are threats and acts of violence from both sides , such as the attack just a few hours ago in west jerusalem . parti
and , in any event , there is not the slightest sign on the horizon of any alternative possibility of negotiation on the palestinian side . parte
despite the pessimism reigning on both sides , or perhaps because of it , the role of the international community is now essential . parti
furthermore , economic and human asphyxia is not the way to resolve the conflict and a policy of this type only serves to reinforce the extremists on both sides . parti
it says the following : " we still believe in the humanity of the other side , that we have a partner for peace and that a negotiated solution to the conflict between our peoples is possible " . controparte
madam president , as europeans we will only be able to act as mediators if we are not only neutral towards both sides but also show the necessary respect for the needs and expectations of all parties to the conflict . parti
firstly , the will of the two sides . parti
on the palestinian side , the danger is that intransigence will be fuelled by events such as the un racism conference in south africa , through the influence of radical arab forces in the region and by the breakdown of liaison between israeli and palestinian security agencies . parte
however , nothing justified the subsequent acts of terrorism by either side , and in the current highly charged emotional situation , with the areas of conflict so widespread , it is very difficult to see a cease-fire emerging . parti
this is a process to which , i believe , all the bodies of the european union , including the presidency , of course , are devoted , in the full knowledge that by continuously working hard to try to safeguard opportunities for a solution , there is a great danger that neither side will be satisfied . uni
the credibility of accession requires efforts on all sides . parti
current european aid is essential and alleviates the cost of the transition , but if we really want to preserve a model of european society based upon solidarity and negotiation between all players in a 27-state european union , there needs to be a clear commitment from both sides to this objective that exceeds the commitment to incorporating the community acquis and will oblige each of the 15 current members to provide additional aid . parti
i say this because i have been looking in particular at hungary and the legislation there may run the risk of creating certain privileges for the hungarians on the other side of the hungarian border , that is in the neighbouring countries of slovakia and romania . ungheresi
i believe it is important to understand that a modern society is most successful if there is a partnership between politicians and the two sides of the labour market . parti
my group has wanted to promote a text which does not hinder or compromise a renewal of the negotiations between both sides , but quite the opposite , one which motivates and speeds up the process of resolving the problem which is undoubtedly seeing a change of attitude from the turkish government . parti
we are in favour of approving the report with the amendments presented by our group which reflect its concern at the political division of the island , supporting , in this respect , the efforts of the united nations to reestablish the conversations and urging the conflicting sides to achieve a resolution to the problem as soon as possible , for the good of all the citizens of cyprus . parti
we can only regret the fact that there is no political will for change on the other side of the atlantic . sponda
we think that this should be carried out in consultation with both sides of industry and workers ' representatives , otherwise we will be creating insurmountable obstacles to the objectives we are pursuing . parti
we have to move on from the old excuses , the legal challenges mounted by iata and the opposition to even modest voluntary agreements which we still hear on some sides . parti
we are all concerned with safeguarding and protecting the environment , and the question of the alpine passes , amongst others , affects not only austria but also a large part of a sensitive area like the alpine region on the italian side . parte
i recall the discussions on the middle east conflict , when some of our colleagues were suddenly able to sympathise with terrorist activities on one side or the other , although these were quite simply death squad operations and attacks on the civilian population . parte
how long will we basques have to wait for europe to realise that peace is in its hands , that it must stimulate , promote and oversee a sincere and democratic dialogue between the opposing sides ? parti
northern ireland is an example , with all terrorist prisoners from both sides released while not one murder weapon has been decommissioned by either side . parti
on the positive side , however , is the fact that paragraph 2 talks about ' devising alternative options as a precaution ' . positivo
the union has to support those political leaders , especially in africa , who are on the side of democracy . operano
on food safety , the european side successfully insisted that the final communication include a reference to the precautionary principle . includesse
however , this is a different europe from the europe which sides with the few who are out to seek personal gain . parte
on the g8 i share the opinion of the council and commission on the good and bad sides of it , but i also wonder why , every time an international summit is organised , from seattle to gothenburg to genoa , conflicts break out that threaten public order , as if people were trying to fight an invisible tyrant . ombre
madam president , in spite of what was said earlier on the other side of this house , it is clear that the police exercised systematic physical and psychological torture in genoa . lato
this is understandable , since this is a complex issue and arguments on both sides of the debate have some merit . parti
this is a core requirement of the single market and strongly supported by all sides in our committee debates . preso
to be on the safe side , it was decided to reduce the ceiling from eur 16 billion to eur 12 billion - amendment no 2 , recital 8 ; the council shall adopt the decisions after consulting the european parliament - amendment no 3 , article 9 ; and shall examine whether the facility is adequate every two years , not three - amendment no 4 , article 11 . NULL
we have had some problems of interpretation here and we have lost time on both sides . parti
mr president , should i be unable to speak about the content , i would only say that the previous remark from the ppe side of the house is complete baloney . banchi
consistent preventive hygiene is only one side of the coin . faccia
not only did he rescue the people from a sinking ship , but subsequently too he consistently took the side of the people . parte
more important , however , than condemning those who stubbornly continue to wage war , and criticising both sides , which undoubtedly deserve our criticism for pursuing this path of confrontation , the most important and most useful thing may be to foster peace . fronti
we want the united states to be aware that europe is by its side in combating the evil of terrorism , no matter what form it may take . fianco
that is why we are on the side of america and of every peace-loving individual who wishes to support this international order . parte
on our side of the political divide , we recognised at an early stage how sensitive this issue could be and indeed our experience of agenda 2000 was the catalyst that told us this . schieramento
we are on your side and look forward to continuing the debate with you . parte
the absence of any alternative and a complete lack of information are one of the most serious problems for women who suffer this degrading mutilation , which is one of the worse forms of suppression , terrorism and exploitation of women , a criminal practice which violates their personal freedom , their physical integrity , their freedom of conscience and their right to health by causing serious physical injury and mental side effects , not to mention the impact on their sexual identity and ability to bear children . strascichi
to be quite specific , it must be up to the individual countries , via the two sides of industry , to incorporate the principle of equal pay into national collective agreements . parti
the commission has been presenting recommendations for over 10 years now , sometimes at parliament ' s request ; i also remember the code of conduct prepared by the commission which sought to raise awareness in the member states and the two sides of industry in order to take practical action in this field . parti
today ' s report on crossing external borders and the development of schengen cooperation and yesterday ' s proposal from the commission are really two sides of the same coin . facce
we nevertheless regret that because of capitalist interests and national self-interest , which are two sides of the same coin , the proposed texts delay application until 2010 . esprimerli
if you draw two lines on a map of europe , one from london to milan and the other from copenhagen to barcelona , and 200 kilometre corridors along each side of the lines of this x , you will have 65 % of europe ' s population and 80 % of europe ' s manufacturing sites , including the dangerous ones , within this restricted area . lato
who could stop the music coming from that discotheque on the other side of the block from reaching my windows ! ' accanto
mr lange should think very carefully about my amendment , and then we would have a deal that both sides of this house could accept . ali
in my report , i made a number of demands to the council : firstly , i asked for the codecision procedure to be applied ; secondly , i requested the full budgetisation of the annual interests of the fund as preallocated revenue , through the creation of a specific budget line in the revenue and expenditure side of the budget following the principles of budgetary specificity and neutrality , in line with the provisions of the interinstitutional agreement and the financial regulation ; thirdly , i requested that the related administrative costs , estimated at around eur 8.4 million lato
we - parliament and the commission - are acting as if national governments and national parliaments were on one side and the european union on the other . parte
millions of people live on the iranian side of the border , millions of others live on the pakistani side . parte
at the present moment , however , i feel that we have to make a choice : there are moments in history when one has to stop hesitating and take sides , and if we are to do so we must not side with religious fanaticism , dictatorships or some other form of nationalism , but with the liberal democracies - with all their failings and imperfections , admittedly - but also with all their power and their capacity to operate systems which are better equipped to protect human rights in the world . schierarsi
we shall therefore be faced with the development of a very critical situation , because infrastructures on the atlantic side are lagging behind . atlantiche
when , as the person responsible for transport in the european union , i look at a map to see what is happening , i see a barrier , a wall , with a pass on the right of the map , on the far eastern side , and another on the left , in the west , and in between there is nothing . cartina
in order to progress , however , the two sides must agree on the mechanisms to be applied . parti
we are very mindful , minister , of the practical side . concretezza
commissioner , mr president , the final declaration and action programme adopted in durban was only possible due to the constructive and essential role played by the european union . it was also due to the belgian foreign affairs minister , mr louis michel ' s diplomacy and ability to draw together many points of view , not to mention his natural gift for reconciling the views of all sides . dialettica
the choice made by israel and the united states served to show the world public what was in danger of happening , that a group of countries , mostly non-democratic with total contempt for their own people , was attempting to exploit the conference in order to take sides in international politics . schieramento
we certainly do not wish to obstruct it or vote against the conciliation procedure , but we feel , on this side of the house , that the principles that led us to vote against this last time - and my colleague , mr rübig , who will speak later , is a veteran of the previous process - are entirely consistent . settore
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on budgets on the commission communication on galileo , i will confine myself in this speech to the financial side of the project . aspetto
on the basis of the positive experience on the other side of the atlantic , the commission is convinced that the energy star labelling programme will naturally lead to the gradual elimination of inefficient equipment on the community market . atlantico
we need this to be a study which tells us of the shady side of what proclaims itself to be a respectable trade . autodefinisce
solidarity with the united states is a principle invoked on every side , and this is right and proper , as this attack has been not only on the united states but also on our fundamental values , as was intended . parte
let me say , on behalf of the commission , that i was touched by the support several of you gave to the work we are doing during these difficult and serious times , side by side with the council and the european parliament . fianco
now for the second question : what counter-proposal does the other side have to offer ? parte
i would be inclined to side with the presidency and with those of you who have referred to something i consider crucial . parte
the other side of the coin is the need to ensure freedom of information , diversity of opinion and pluralism , and to establish an essential multimedia foundation to promote european cultural diversity . contrapporsi
i would like at this point to expressly highlight the positive role played by the commission , which managed to bring the two sides together repeatedly and in the end achieve a result in this difficult moderation process . parti
but since the consumer side has relatively few resources available , concrete measures must be taken if the voluntary agreement is not kept . parte
at the same time , the media coverage of the actions brought by the pharmaceutical industry and the united states against south africa and brazil , which produce or import generic anti-aids drugs , lifted the veil on the economic stakes and pushed the european union to specifically commit itself to the side of those poor populations needing access to treatment . fianco
i side with the only american politician who had the courage to vote against the warmongering , following in the footsteps of those few german socialist dissenters at the beginning of the first world war . fianco
i have never understood why both sides - even if only briefly - have actually talked about the option of dividing the country . parti
the commission believes that we must enhance cooperation so that preventative measures are implemented in a coordinated manner on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
we on this side whole-heartedly support the response of the united states , the european union and its member states and other countries to the attacks of 11 september 2001 and the development of a comprehensive multilateral strategy against terrorism . banchi
we must work together to ensure that in conciliation we reach the stage where information and consultation are embraced by both sides of business and industry . parti
progress has been made in lifelong learning , in the application of practices which have proved their worth , in the involvement of both sides of industry and in action plans for local and regional employment . parti
i urge both sides of industry to make employment contracts more flexible and further modernise the organisation of work . parti
the other side of the coin is , though , a clear increase in part-time employment , especially of women , among whom it has now reached 45.7 % . in the eu . rovescio
at any rate , this was an interesting debate , which should have fallen completely within the scope of the goebbels report , having the added advantage of experience on its side , since the euro has been in circulation for almost three years , on the international currency markets at least . altro
we do have strongly-held positions but we are also willing to negotiate and what we want is an in-depth examination of the proposals of all sides so that the final outcome is a balanced one . parti
during the conciliation meeting of 20 july , parliament sided with the council , and i have every faith that , once we have discussed the letter of amendment which the commission will be sending us shortly , we will reach an agreement through which we will be able to cushion the effects of the different crises . preso
the main reason for the delay was that the report from the internal auditor service was not finished and could not be finished because we , on both sides , found it necessary and a good idea to broaden its scope in order to get a serious and deep study of how to handle this method of development cooperation . parti
political debates need arguments on both sides which alone ensure that the debates come alive and are interesting , and only if the most diverse political forces from the member states really work together can a politically sustainable result be achieved which will then enjoy popular support . NULL
finally , the recommendation that both sides of industry should agree on changes in working practices could pave the way for enhanced industrial relations and create a situation whereby the specialist knowledge of each party is fully utilised . parti
on which side does the eu really stand in the global north-south conflict ? conflitto
clearly , the commission has to look after the eu ' s interests , but the issue is whether , in the era of globalisation , we might not have passed the point at which trade policy could be judged as if it were a football match , in which winning is everything and there is complete indifference to how things are for the other side . sconfitto
the meps of the communist party of greece voted against the motion because most of it sides with the major corporations planning to bring about unbridled liberalisation , plunder even more poor countries , wipe out farming and attack the achievements of the workers and the rights of the people throughout the world . schiera
i would say that this is a totally logical approach , because these two types of production often exist side by side in the same regions and areas and even within the same holdings . compresenti
all this serves not only the countries on either side of the border but also and especially more distant countries - i am thinking of the united kingdom , the netherlands and germany - whose traffic inevitably has to cross the alps , which are today almost closed off and practically impassable . gravitano
this time there has been no suspension and good sense has prevailed on both sides . parti
this will enable the community ' s fishermen to continue their activity in this region while - as the senegalese side wanted - a further study of the fisheries sector is prepared . controparte
in the light of a decision by the budgets council last week , there is a great deal of confusion on our side as to how we are going to deal with this . parte
the court of auditors has confirmed the regularity of the accounts , in other words , that the books are in good order , and also of the revenue side of the budget .  
from this particular perspective , we can see how shaky the single currency system is , one that is shared between community competences and other competences that remain national , and both sides are poor at organising coordination . zoppichi
that too is a thorn in our side , and we should like to see common guidelines in this respect . spina
however , sustained efforts on behalf of the candidate countries are only one side of the coin . faccia
on the negative side , i have to say that , as already stated , the human rights situation is still unsatisfactory . versante
both sides agree that multilateral efforts are needed to address illegal immigration from north africa to the european union . parti
secondly , the eu has very limited scope to influence energy supply conditions so that it is on the demand side that the eu can intervene , mostly through promoting energy saving in buildings and in the transport sector . domanda
we cannot alter the fact of where the oil comes from , but we can do a number of things on the demand side , particularly in the transport sector . domanda
however i do not accept the view that little or nothing can be done on the supply side . offerta
furthermore , the ship is reeling from side to side , swaying from a stringent policy on the one hand to the wish to take generous account of social and economic effects on the other . NULL
i am not sure that a report about general principles should single out any one member state for criticism but , having listened over the past few weeks to both sides of the debate , my personal view is that this scheme seems to be the antithesis of the approach laid down in mrs flemming 's report . parti
at the same time , our side urged once more that proper account should be taken of the smaller project partners and that smaller projects should not fall by the wayside in a slimmed-down procedure , because it is in the sphere of the smaller projects that a lot of important work has been done . NULL
the conclusion of the association agreement with mexico has had a positive impact on the european business presence in that country , which has benefited both sides . parti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , my side has admittedly lost in a key vote , but the process must continue . NULL
i would like to make a final comment , madam president , on an absolutely essential point which we were able to raise in the euro-mediterranean forum , which followed the forum held by the council , where we were able to speak with our colleagues , parliamentarians from both sides of the mediterranean . sponde
the human side , people are the architects of their futures . parte
mr president , i should like to warmly welcome the final outcome of the conciliation procedure and make a point of congratulating mrs figueiredo who , thanks to her meticulous work and by working with all sides , managed in the end to give us this tool much more quickly than we anticipated . parti
it is understandable that the tivs , associated with the south , are very suspicious of the fact that the army was siding with the northern-oriented jukuns , the population group to which the current defence minister belongs . sospettino
if , as all sides in the house maintain , we really are striving for an open debate which is accessible to the public , then nothing could be better suited to that than to include the themes in the next european elections . NULL
current events show just how necessary this is , irrespective of the many considerations put forward by members from the left side of the house which have the effect of shifting our attention away from the numerous dangers presented by the way terrorist groups work and are interconnected . parte
finally , just to be on the safe side , i want to confirm once again , as i did during my introductory speech , that we will , of course , ensure that action taken in the context of the exercising of political or trade union rights can under no circumstances be defined as a terrorist act or , therefore , engender the application of the new mechanisms that we are working . NULL
with due respect , would you pass by on the other side ? ignorarlo
i do not know whether i am on the side of ethics , but i am well aware , at any rate , that in expressing myself in this way i am not on the side of modernity . muovo
their variable geometric diplomacy , which involves them supporting one side and then another , playing on ethnic differences and thus reviving them , is not bringing peace to the region , but encouraging war . uni
members opposite have been raising the issue of the european arrest warrant - this incident shows precisely why members on this side of the house have concerns about a european arrest warrant . parte
it is particularly important that you do this on behalf of the whole european parliament and as you represent a member state that is not involved on either side . altro
i should like to inform the house that the transport council and member states did not reach a common position , despite urgent appeals from all sides on the desperate need for these measures and despite the fact that this parliament had bent over backwards to do its very best in a very short period of time . parti
madam president , we are at their side in their just fight for survival with all the means at our disposal , even if their fight qualifies as terrorism as defined recently by the ministers of justice of the european union , a definition which we fear will also be adopted by the laeken summit . fianco
it is , therefore , the work of many hands and if this debate today is considered , calm and , i hope , rational it is because of the extent to which the three sides in the triangle of forces have attempted to come to an agreed conclusion by the time of this second reading debate , in order to expedite the introduction of the new authority itself . parti
as for where the agency will be based , we believe this is a side issue ... secondaria
on the positive side , i would like to make the additional observation that parliament must also be involved in any future amendments to the directive . nota
share this process with us as well , not because we want to interfere with your right to make the final call , but because we too are players and we cannot be left to one side or not get documents till the eve of a debate . parte
when the interinstitutional agreement was agreed , the flexibility instrument was one of the items which was reluctantly agreed by both sides - reluctantly from our side because there was a lot of resistance to the iia anyway . parti
in other words , we had all the time in the world , and we wanted to take this opportunity to issue another urgent reminder of the importance of the revenue side in the compilation of the budget , to re-emphasise that revenue is the key to our prospects of funding our european policies . entrate
so , we are on your side , but , as we want to speed the process up , i would like to ask you to find the time to enable us to achieve the objective , and , with all the subsidiarity , please see to it that the process is not ponderous , slow or inefficient . fianco
when the first dialogue was arranged in seville , the two sides shared the costs of this event . parti
in 1998 , at another eu-us summit , both sides undertook to support all the dialogues and in fact that same year the european parliament created a specific budget heading to support them . parti
with regard to participation at the summit , as i said earlier , those taking part in these dialogues on business , consumers , the environment and employment are , in turn , urged to come and present their recommendations to the leaders of the two sides , in other words to the american president on the one hand , and to the presidency of the council and to the commission on the other . parti
ideally , we would like see that we side with the weak , for whoever observes this world at war is bound to see that this is all about inequality of power . sostenuto
however , it is true that on the social side - and i think that neither mr fischler nor i have sought to conceal the fact - we have not made as much progress as we would have liked . ambito
the commission and europe can act as the honest broker in bringing together these sides to ensure that we deliver the best possible remedies for people within the european union . mediare
having said that - i do not agree with it but i abide by it - i shall speak particularly about the watson report , which proposes a useful , appropriate initiative to regulate the security side of future summits of any kind . profilo
i therefore ask you , mr president , to enforce the rules of procedure and perhaps have spectators removed if they are supporters of one side and do not intend to watch the work of parliament but just want to cheer someone on . parte
in the last two years since tampere , the programme of cooperation on justice matters has been heavily weighted to the security side of the scales - especially since 11 september with the anti-terrorism package . gravato
that is not the right attitude , nor is it the way to get the european public on side . conquistarsi
as to the last point made by my colleague on the other side of the house about secrecy , i have not a single clue as to how my colleagues on this side of the house voted , because i did not choose to peer over their shoulders . lato
irrespective of whether it is an independent bank or part of the european investment bank , it is to be a forum dedicated to development , in which european and southern mediterranean operators work side by side . fianco
during the coming months , however , the government of the kingdom of spain will be at your side watching how faithfully you are following the path marked out by your predecessor . fianco
mrs peijs is proud - and i could not agree more - that european citizens have so quickly adopted the euro with such a great sense of innovation and have put their own currencies to one side . parte
we should also not put other economic instruments , such as a fiscal reform , to one side , but should follow them through at a european level . perseguirli
with regard to amendment no 10 , which relates to the inclusion of training within working hours , the commission considers that this is an issue that both sides of industry should agree upon , and , therefore , cannot be accepted . parti
the operators know that conserving fish stocks is the best way to preserve their jobs and they are therefore on our side . parte
therefore our advice would be to temper a little the enthusiasm for surrendering control to the markets , while building up the official control side a bit more and applying it in a modern way using modern methods . versante
it was due , in part , to the lack of numbers on my own side that these amendments went through in committee , so i apologise for that . gruppo
a further proposal is that dialogue between the two sides of industry , politicians and non-governmental organisations etc. should be strengthened as aspects of openness and transparency . parti
nevertheless , we must also stress the fact that genuine integration requires efforts on both sides . parti
i do not believe there are many other potential partners in dialogue on the palestinian side . parte
i wish you wisdom and courage in your discussions with our friends on the other side of the atlantic . oltreoceano
i believe that it is of utmost urgency to give , in one way or another , those who support dialogue and peace on both sides the prospect of a breakthrough , which they vitally need . parti
the israelis and palestinians must resume the search for peace and the two sides must act together and they must act in tandem . parti
i strongly believe that the eu must continue to play as active a role as possible in brokering a peace between both sides . parti
just consider the extent of the killings and destruction on both sides . parti
having said that , i do not think , mr cohn-bendit , that we can resolve the conflict between israel and palestine by simply asking both sides to make a little effort , or even asking both to make a great effort . domandando
i find mr bush ' s support of ariel sharon ' s policy truly irresponsible , opportunist and inhumane , for it is not that the two sides lack confidence in each other : this is a specific policy , a specific decision - ariel sharon has made this explicitly clear in his speeches in the knesset - not to allow a palestinian state to exist , apart from ' bantustan ' territories , and not to give back the occupied territories . parti
we already have the mitchell report , which contains the steps to be followed , and it has been accepted by both sides . parti
let us hope that the modest beginnings of conversations - i would not call them negotiations between the two sides - held right now , yesterday , tomorrow , maybe the day after tomorrow , maybe at the beginning of the week , will produce at least a change in the way they handle the crisis , by not placing the solution in the hands of those who do not want the process to move forward . parti
the same thing has happened on the other side . parte
that lack of trust and of confidence between both sides was not present before . parti
on the other side , on the palestinian side , you go to a hospital , you talk to a paediatrician and he tells you how a little boy has been killed . NULL
i would almost go so far as to say that we in effect have a female president , for you employ the feminine side of your personality : imagination and creativity ; and that is what we need if we are to reach our citizens . lato
all right , we were unable to have a woman as president , but a man with feminine sides to his personality is no bad thing either . lati
mr president , on a lighthearted note may i firstly say that i am extremely pleased to be here to witness the discovery of the feminine side of your personality , revealed to us this morning . lato
let me also assure colleagues that there is a tougher side to the personality of the president , as i have seen in another house in another place . lato
the statute is important , but it must also include members ' prerogatives ; in other words , it must not be a statute centred solely on the financial side of being a member of parliament . aspetti
in your own area of cork in ireland they would be tickled pink to think that we were discussing the feminine side of pat cox in parliament this morning . lato
changes must take place in a wider framework of change and democratic openness on all sides . livelli
the commission submitted a proposal which parliament put to the acid test , and which received - and still receives - severe criticism from different sides , and i do think there were omissions on the commission 's side as well . parti
we must make a start right now on developing services to get products onto the markets of the future , products which would enable galileo to be self-financing , which is what both sides of this house want : hence we need absolutely clear support for the commission proposal to this end . parti
this report will provide a great deal of input into the final programme which the commission presents but , in closing , i must stress that i believe that any regional programme , irrespective of how much funding it has , if it is not applied within the framework of international agreements - i repeat this because the approach on the european side is often considered paternalistic - so i repeat that this programme will only succeed and bring in the results we all hope for if it is applied within the framework of international agreements , the beijing declaration parte
the international community must , as a matter of urgency , adopt new initiatives that lead to an end to the violence , to re-establishing trust and to reopening negotiations between the two sides , in accordance with international law and with the relevant united nations resolutions . parti
- ( nl ) as long as the structural funds remain unchanged , there will be tension between the regional side and the european side . permarranno
in this sense , i believe that today 's resolution and unanimous support for it from all sides of the house will make both a symbolic and a substantial contribution . componenti
i repeat the call for the eu to offer its services as a facilitator to both sides and to take account of the relevant un resolutions . parti
the commission will continue to draw both sides ' attention to the need to cooperate rather than take the military option . parti
first it will assure india that it has its full support in combating terrorism , as agreed in the declaration against terrorism at the second summit , and secondly , it will encourage both sides to return to the negotiating table as quickly as possible and to start withdrawing their troops . parti
i have to say to speakers on the other side of the house that a declaration or non-declaration of war is an irrelevancy under the geneva conventions . lato
however , the asylum policies of the two countries on either side of the eurotunnel is undeniably responsible for the drastic decline in the transport of goods by rail though the tunnel .  
clearly there are faults on the french side of la manche and on the english side of the english channel , but the victims are my constituents - hundreds of miles from dover and calais - in scotland . versante
i have , of course , in recent days , been in almost daily contact with president maystadt regarding this matter , discussing the technical side of the issue . aspetti
as regards the fraught historical relations between turkey and armenia , we must avoid awakening hopes on either side that the european union will assume the role of referee in this conflict . parte
the commission must continue to do its utmost to ensure that the application procedure is more user-friendly and i agree with comments by other speakers that at the moment the administrative side of the programme makes it difficult for participants . aspetto
while i welcome the commissioner 's statement , i regret the fact that the commission 's work has not been more balanced - recognising , for example , that there is a dark side to globalisation , too - and has not been more ambitious . medaglia
i would also like to enter on parliament 's credit side the fact that we were able essentially to get our way on special tariffs , cross-subsidies and the further timetable . tabellina
mr president , i should like to thank mr ferber for a job extremely well done , for his patience and good will and for his willingness to work with all sides of the european parliament and with the council and the commission . schieramenti
i believe that these are two sides of the same coin . aspetti
that is the difference ; that is what matters ; we found a response to it other than levelling unjustified criticism at this side of the house , as though we have no care for musical technique . ala
people should have the right to opt for a healthy approach , rather than waiting for disease to set in and then having to resort to pharmaceutical drugs , many of which have dangerous side effects . collaterali
if there is any possible likelihood of endangering public health by means of the implementation of any particular proposal , one must always veer on the side of caution , and i compliment the rapporteur on her report . sussista
i personally believe both sides are wrong . teorie
he may not thank me for saying this , but i had the opportunity to speak to him at length yesterday about his diplomatic efforts on our behalf to keep channels of communication open with all sides . parti
so i want again to encourage both sides to pursue these discussions in a constructive fashion and make use of this window of opportunity to come to a sustainable and durable peace settlement in good time for the accession negotiations to be completed . parti
over and above that , we want enlargement to come about under conditions acceptable to all sides . parti
in this irreversible process , though , demands are made of both sides . parti
i am confident that both sides can reach agreement on these chapters of the talks and reach a conclusion that is - and must be - fair and balanced . parti
anyone who wants russia on their side , wherever they may be , had better not make any false moves over kaliningrad . parte
the one must be dealt with separately from the other , although that does not mean that there is not a whole range of requirements and rules to be complied with by both sides . parti
this positive side of things is all too often overshadowed by the prominence accorded to disputes . positivo
the presidency will therefore do its utmost to ensure that our relations with the united states are fully developed and , together with the member states and the commission , it will spare no effort to make the summit planned for 2 may in washington satisfy both sides ' expectations . parti
secondly , we are in danger of seeing an unravelling of the security side of our relationship , where a political consensus underlying nato cannot now be taken for granted for out-of-area responsibilities . aspetto
this will give us a unique opportunity to step up the pressure on both sides , and we are also committed to ensuring that our own human rights policy remains credible . parti
however , this familiar european reproach addressed to washington is rooted in a fundamental weakness on our side . debolezza
i am not against that lobbying - a lively parliament should welcome lobbying from all sides . provengano
it is the case , however , that this valuable report , which protects working people against noise in the workplace could have had unintended side effects on the music industry . collaterali
mr president , the european parliament has decided against the right of european citizens to be able unrestrictedly to enjoy natural medicines , which are completely free from side effects . secondari
when it comes to analysing the significance of 11 september , on the other hand , a considerable gulf is developing between the two sides of the atlantic , with one side regarding it as an isolated operation and the other as a manifestation of the new global terrorist scene , dominated by hyperterrorism . rive
but in this world , right cannot be exclusively and invariably on the side of the americans . parte
we have been able to resolve many trade conflicts in a professional way that satisfied both sides , but only because we have accepted binding rules for free and fair world trade within the framework of the wto , and also because the wto is the only international organisation that has a dispute resolution system that also provides for sanctions . parti
just whose side is tony 's crony on ? parte
what is happening is that , like any relationship , there are two sides to it , and we are now seeing that the bush administration is strongly tempted to act on its own ; that is , to practise the frank sinatra doctrine : ' i 'll do it my way ' , both in politics - i only have two minutes and i cannot expand on this - and in trade . ll
you know that up to now we have always been on your side when it comes to modernisation , to changing and improving things for europe 's employees , europe 's workers . parte
in his diagnosis he clearly emphasises that europe is not cyclically dependent on the united states and that the research and technological-innovation gap between the two sides of the atlantic is liable to widen , with the union clearly lagging particularly far behind in terms of public and private investment . sponde
the financial markets on both sides of the atlantic undoubtedly suffer from the same ills : constant conflicts of interest , calculation methods that defy scrutiny and weaknesses in the monitoring of off-balance-sheet operations and of derivative transactions . NULL
we urgently need to find the means and the resources to fund it , to address the basic imbalance between the representation of the eu side , reflecting parliament 's political make-up and spectrum of political views , and a system of representation of the acp states based on one country , one vote , which prevents different political views being expressed . ue
i hope that this form of cooperation will facilitate far more intensive work on various themes and closer cooperation with our colleagues on the acp side . versante
at the moment it is not balanced because , whilst on the european side the range of ideologies and political sensitivities that make up the european parliament are represented , the acp countries have only one vote per country ; a vote which obviously represents the authorities ' opinions ; it is not balanced in terms of equality between the sexes either . parte
i side with those in favour of retaining aid to farmers , although i do not smoke myself and advise everyone not to take it up or to stop . trovo
the workers will condemn and oppose these barbaric and inhumane policies by fighting to try and calm the impending storm and we shall be by their side . uniremo
i have first hand experience of the political problems and tensions affecting taiwan and , as in most cases , it is not just one side which is to blame . colpevole
but they should know that the european union is on their side on this . fianco
nonetheless , the commission takes the view that a negotiated solution which takes proper account of both sides ' interests would be best . parti
but that involves combating terrorism on both sides . fronti
mr president-in-office , back in january you said that you were in favour of an interinstitutional working group bringing together the council , the commission and parliament , and we have heard from your side that this is now actually to take place . lei
on the financial resources side , i would like to point out that the commission and the budgetary authorities must urgently find a structural solution to the chronic inadequacy of heading 4 , external relations . rammento
along with mr di lello finuoli of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , i side with the european commission and support an environmental crime directive under the first pillar . parte
having said this , and due to the dispute on the legal basis between parliament and the commission , on the one side , and the council , on the other , i believe it is crucial that we take swift action , that we reassure our citizens by taking repressive measures against these modern-day polluters , because , today , and it seems with regard to the environment in particular , the reason why the law is toothless and benefiting unscrupulous individuals is that it is not being implemented . lato
where the internal borders have already been dismantled , the national police are able , after consultation with the police of a neighbouring state , to observe suspects who are active on both sides of the border . sospettati
but we would like the statement of assurance of the court of auditors in relation to the revenue side of the budget and administration to be clearer . entrate
i have , in fact , nothing to add to mr mccartin 's description of the positive development on the revenue side . entrate
at the end of the day investments in defence are like the two sides of the same coin , as in the case of our common currency . facce
it is not solely and exclusively an intergovernmental function , but a combined one , and , seeing that its weaknesses are on the intergovernmental side , we therefore think that the convention must make improvements and come to final decisions notwithstanding the need to allow for issues of national sovereignty , which play a role in this issue . versante
we should not let ourselves get into a situation in which we can be blackmailed by either side , because this first european intervention will be of the utmost importance for us . ricattati
ladies and gentlemen , we are aware of the enormous suffering of the civilian population , which does not want to take part in a war , which wants to live in peace , together , with two countries living side by side . consci
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , international law must be respected by everybody , and this implies that it must also be respected by the citizens who live on the other side of the northern border . oltre
ladies and gentlemen , we believe that the tenet plan , the security plan , must be supported , but who on the palestinian side can carry out the negotiation contained in that plan ? parte
alas , the promise of oslo has not been delivered , partly because of what has happened on the israeli side , with the rapid expansion of settlements and the non-implementation of agreed withdrawals from areas in the west bank , and partly because of palestinian violence perpetrated by extremist forces with the clear aim of sabotaging any palestinian / israeli peace deal . parte
furthermore , we support and advocate an arms embargo on both sides by the european union and will ask my group , in relation to the transnational compromise resolution we have negotiated - although we go further - to vote in favour of paragraph 8 of that compromise resolution . contendenti
reckless military adventurism on one side and cynical acceptance of terrorism on the other offer only further bloodshed and misery and the deepening of mutual hatreds , which will delay and render more difficult the achievement of lasting peace . lato
i believe , together with many israelis with whom we have been working for many years for a fair peace that recognises the right of both sides to their own state , that the only way to save the israeli state is to end the israeli military occupation . altro
i am not taking sides . schierarsi
i am for peace , we are for peace ; there must be no victory on either side . parte
we will have no moral authority for any form of mediation if , most of the time , we only ever condemn one side , if we cannot show that we are making the distinction between a democratic country , the only one in the entire region , which is , moreover , committed to respecting human rights - although we do not know for how long - and a satrapy where those suspected of collaborationism are executed without even the semblance of a trial , if we do not acknowledge the fact that the israeli army is engaged in satrapia
it must be possible for palestinians and israelis to live in peace , side by side . uni
unless the root causes of conflict are addressed , no peaceful solution can be secured between the opposing sides . parti
the two sides will not be brought together unless there is an immediate and serious third-party mediation , and the us government must be seen to be vigorously involved in this process in a firm and meaningful way , as must the european union . parti
i would ask the president to inform both the israeli government and the palestinian authority of the pain currently felt by millions of european citizens of the christian religion at the sight of the holy places where jesus christ was born in bethlehem desecrated by bombs , fighting and occupation by armed soldiers , transformed into bivouacs for soldiers and becoming targets for both sides . fazioni
it is a struggle for existence in which neither side exactly has the benefit of good political leadership . parti
if the european union , the united states of america , russia and the united nations can reach a joint position worked out by their most high-level foreign policy representatives and jointly put this over to both parties , then for the first time there will be a chance of the seriousness of the situation being appreciated by both sides . parti
accordingly both sides must end this violent conflict . parti
we need to make demands of both sides . parti
it would certainly not be helpful for the eu to take one side in this matter by some policy of sanctions against israel , for example . schierasse
yet the world needs unqualified peace now ; above all , as mrs morgantini said , it needs peace without victory on either side . aggettivi
i have seen many palestinians die and i have seen many palestinians suffer and i have also seen families of old friends on the side of peace in israel who do not take their children in the same bus to school and who separate their children into two groups for fear of dying in a terrorist attack . israeliani
on the positive side , we have acknowledged some positive russian steps towards a political solution that could guarantee long-term peace and stability in chechnya . versante
it is my impression that this was not put to the russian side in the same serious tone that you have just adopted here . controparte
i do not think that it is fair for us to call into question or reject everything that the russian side says a priori . parte
the situation that has come about since 11 september means that everyone , on both sides of the mediterranean , must avoid any religion-terrorism equation and must work together to eradicate terrorism from its breeding grounds , which can only encourage the most violent forms of fundamentalism and nationalism . sponde
i know that in many cases not even the existing agreements are sufficiently implemented , but it is precisely in the light of recent events - from the attacks of 11 september to the war in the middle east - that a multilateral organisation embracing the countries and regions on both sides of the mediterranean is essential . sponde
this is accompanied by constant reproaches from the political side that china should have more respect for human rights . fronte
after all we are exchanging arguments and each side needs to take the other seriously . prendiamoci
in addition , the most fatal side effect of what is termed open coordination is that the only institution of the european union to have any democratic legitimacy , namely parliament , is completely sidelined . secondario
i think the agreed joint report with its three basic lines of approach and eleven points which all the countries must use as a basis for reform contains two important victories : the first is that the economic and social dimensions sit side by side and the second is that it gives maximum european added value to national policies . coesistenza
the council is keeping in constant touch with the two sides and other important players , particularly through the high representative for the cfsp , who has already visited the region three times this year . parti
until such time as both sides can be brought together to work out a solution then peace will never arrive . parti
the presidency has , of course , been offering both sides its services since the very first day . parti
there are can best be described on one side as nascent markets , and on the other , rather more sophisticated and developed approaches . lato
alternative processes are then required - business angels or groups of investors , private investors - bringing together people with ideas on one side and money on the other . lato
on the administrative side , it is nice to see that the administrative formalities for forming a company have now acquired the cornerstone of the company statute . amministrativo
he is a somewhat solitary figure on that particular side of the house in terms of the need to ensure that we develop the interests of business . ala
based on the fact that , in the past few years , both supply and demand in respect of risk capital for medium-sized and small businesses have been stagnating , it can be concluded that only an approach which removes obstructions both on the supply and on the demand side will be effective . lato
this excellent report enjoyed considerable cross-party support in the committee on economic and monetary affairs and , in spite of originating from the other side of the house , deserves our full support . ala
as the report points out , these barriers affect both the supply side and the demand side of the market . versante
i and my colleagues on this side of house and some others will be working consistently for that in the months ahead . parte
mr president , two months ago we held a debate in this chamber on obstacles to traffic in the channel tunnel caused by the presence of numerous refugees on the french side trying to cross to great britain , apparently in order to seek asylum there . lato
we are encouraging the two sides to take measures to involve representatives of the whole of angolan civil society , including the clergy , who have played an active role here , as mr lage has just pointed out , in discussions to bring about national reconciliation and sustainable peace . parti
we have also decided to extend the tempus programme to the mediterranean partners , which would allow for the development of cooperation between universities on the two sides of the mediterranean and , very importantly , the incorporation into the university world of the two sides of the mediterranean as players in the creation of the euro-mediterranean partnership . rive
that is why we must make demands equally of both sides , of the israelis as much as of the palestinians . parti
furthermore , we should welcome the statement that there is a need to hold an open and in-depth debate on the organisation of migratory flows and their management on both sides of the mediterranean . rive
that implementation is inadequate is due both to difficulties on our side and to bureaucracy in the countries in question , and that must change . canto
i know that there are major diplomatic reservations on one side or the other , but i do think that we have to get the idea accepted that only a joint effort with those arab states that are willing to try something can bring an end to the violence , giving the message that the end of the road has been reached . parte
mr president , i am also just back from the jenin visit and i share the distress of breaches of human rights law by both sides . parti
this is the best and most credible way of getting the united states on our side and making a contribution to an effective second madrid summit . appoggio
in formalising this project , we must ensure that criteria of sustainability and ecological , economic and social benefit for both sides of the mediterranean are taken into account in sectors such as agriculture . sponde
this europe will win through , for the european citizens are on our side , on the side of peace and tolerance . parte
perhaps , however , this will have a positive effect and lead to a reassessment of us policy in this area and encourage them to abandon their one sided approach of unequivocal support for israel and instead to work with the eu and others for a balanced , peaceful resolution to this terrible conflict which has already cost too many lives . unilaterale
mr president , i share your deep concern at the upsurge in violence which has taken place in the middle east in recent weeks , because both sides appear to have locked themselves into a downward spiral which leaves little room for dialogue and progress towards a final settlement . parti
on the one hand , tragically , we have suicide bombers engaged in indiscriminate attacks upon israeli civilians and , on the other hand , there is a tragic civilian loss of life on the palestinian side , when israel sends in its troops to root out those responsible . palestinesi
yes , israel must allow the investigation of what happened in jenin to take place , provided that investigation is fair and balanced and takes a view which is objective to all sides . imparziale
since these two attitudes stem from the historical aspirations of both sides , and since these historical aspirations are not compatible with one another , until there is an explicit renunciation , which is sincere and honest , of these historical aspirations , there will be no peace however much we attempt to impose sanctions , and however much the international community does all that it can . parti
it is , furthermore , in this context that we must place the actions of the international community , because our role is especially clear now , and consists of convincing both sides that israel must issue a sincere and honest renunciation of increasing its territories on the basis of the occupation and the palestinians and the entire arab world must issue a sincere and honest renunciation of the destruction of israel . parti
it must be a task of genuine persuasion , which reaches the political leaders and the general public of both sides . altra
the presence of the historical aspirations which i referred to earlier is clearly reflected in the educational content provided by both sides ; the young people on each side have been trained not in conciliation or in peaceful coexistence , but in hate . educati
the way politics works , it always involves a tightrope walk with hope on one side and despair on the other . oscillando
however , there is another side to the matter : the member states , which are constantly asking for more money for structural actions and which , on the eve of enlargement , are fighting tough political battles in order not to lose community structural support for their citizens , have been unable to implement the commitments undertaken and have not asked for payments which have already been appropriated . punto
in my view , it also emphasises precisely the educational side of sport , something which i very much applaud . aspetto
mr president , i actually wanted just to say on the record that there are an increasing number of cases here in brussels of bagsnatchers smashing in the side windows of cars and women drivers getting injured in the process . laterali
on the health side , there are great prospects for breakthrough cures for some of mankind 's most dreaded afflictions : cancers , heart disease , diabetes and cystic fibrosis , all the neurological diseases - such as alzheimer 's , parkinson 's , dementia , motor-neurone , spinal and brain injuries . alcune
on the crop side , the potential is no less exciting , even if this suffers from a campaign of denial from certain shameless vested interests . agricoltura
is it really necessary - as is stated in the text - to prioritise the reduction of outgoings , or can we not change the revenue side by means of tax justice ? versante
despite the fact that at the 5th eu / russia cooperation council in luxembourg on 16 april , the russian foreign minister , mr ivanov , announced that the outstanding issues relating to the signature of this agreement had been resolved , at the last minute problems have arisen on the russian side which may delay this signature . parte
a negative scenario would see the european union 's relationship with russia under great strain , with both sides having failed an important test of their ability to cooperate and prevent crises in accordance with the partnership agreement . parti
new flexibility is , in the meantime manifesting itself on both sides as the acute need for action becomes apparent . parti
are we to promise wto and nato membership or should we perhaps demand results from the russian side as preconditions for such membership ? promettere
our area of common interest is so great that cooperation and economic partnership with russia is the only reasonable way forward , which in the long run will be of benefit to both sides and will promote security and lessen social tensions . vantaggiosa
thirdly , member states have been able to continue with planned tax reforms designed to remove supply side rigidities , despite claims from different quarters that the sgp was tying the hands of the authorities through arbitrary and inflexible rules . offerta
you have reiterated what was said in helsinki and of course i have a great deal of respect for that , but what i am referring to are the negotiations taking place between the two sides . parti
we would do well to draw some inspiration from that side of the atlantic . sponda
in relative terms , trade between the two sides of the atlantic is decreasing , but it is increasing within the american continent . sponde
i would like to highlight the launch of the @ lis programme for cooperation with latin america in relation to the information society , recently approved at the meeting of science and technology ministers in seville and the alcue programme in the field of scientific and technological cooperation and a new programme of post-graduate grants intended to help 4 000 students from the other side of the atlantic to benefit from the advantages of studying at european universities . lato
i believe that this should reinforce our desire to combat terrorism both on this side of the atlantic and on the other , and to cooperate with the democratic governments of latin america in order to consolidate the democratic options . sponde
these are the realities we must confront in a context in which the european union is fully aware of its historical commitment to the other side of the atlantic . sponda
however , the breakdown in communication across the atlantic is due not only to errors of judgment on the us side . parte
this considerable rapprochement of ideas on both sides of the atlantic can only benefit dialogue , mr president , particularly within the framework of the wto . sponde
his proposals for achieving this are as old as they are misguided : he calls for expenditure to be capped ( naturally with social transfer benefits as the main source of savings ) instead of calling for improvements on the income side and he calls for wage restraint at a time when wages are generally falling in real terms and transnational groups are making a killing and often do not even have to pay any tax . versante
moreover , i have to say , by way of introduction to this brief speech , that , in my opinion and the opinion of my group , your place is not on this side of the chamber : it is on the other side . parte
i think that splitting the foreign affairs council from the general affairs council is , as mr corbett has just said , the right starting point on the administrative side . vista
i think that this also has a positive side effect and will bring about a degree of improvement in that the individual specialist councils would then become committees of the legislative council rather than legislative bodies in their own right , with the negative , unbalanced results which that might bring . positivo
mr president , as i see it , the problem is not so much that we provide too little money or that we would have no opportunity to do something from our side , the problem is the absorption capacity of these countries along the southern shore of the mediterranean and the fact that , so far , we have been unable to make sure the projects are in place and the money is used for the required purpose . sponda
hence , baroness nicholson , our esteemed rapporteur , i would like to thank you for this report ; even though it might sound strange coming from this side of the chamber , i did find it a report written in the truly fine tradition of liberality . ala
finally , i can fully identify with the proposal on the issue of preparations on the european side for an ad hoc international tribunal on iraq . parte
i love the country and have high regard for many of the people who live there , including many of its politicians , as do any of us who are concerned with albania , but i neither can nor will accept that the leading political forces - two people at the top in particular , but also others quite unconnected with them - are incapable of putting their quarrels , animosities , and rivalries to one side and putting the country 's interests first .  
the cover price was not that expensive but it struck me as being a bit on the high side , so i sucked my teeth a bit and did not get it . elevatissimo
i will continue to listen carefully to both sides in this house on this issue . entrambi
mrs garcía-orcoyen tormo wanted more emphasis on the operational side , even at the level of project selection with un organisations . aspetto
but there is large scope for improvement and a very strong interest on both sides to move in that direction . parti
in fact , mr president , commissioner , violence in northern sumatra , in the province of aceh , in papua and in the moluccas , as my fellow member has just reminded us , and repeated massacres between religious communities , with calls for crusades on either side , from muslim and christian extremists alike , have been going on since 1999 . parti
now violence has erupted in gujarat , where murders , massacres and burnings alive by both sides have claimed around 1500 victims since february this year . parti
as we can see , these decisions and agreements have a broad perspective , creating fluid and intense relations between the two sides of the atlantic in the not too distant future which , as i have said , will benefit the societies of both america and europe . sponde
even if this summit had not achieved any other results , these would be enough to demonstrate that cooperation between the two sides of the atlantic is a politically credible process , as commissioner vitorino has said , which will proceed at a good pace despite the difficulties being experienced by some latin american countries . sponde
if we then propose to combine modulation and degressivity , applying them side by side , we will find ourselves in the situation , clear from any econometric model , where the income of holdings is falling by , in the case of a medium-sized holding of 100 hectares , almost 30 % . econometrico
all sides have had to make concessions and nobody is perfectly happy with every element of the package as is the nature of a compromise . parti
bringing the income side of the budget up to date in the middle of the year , despite agreement on the matter having been reached as early as two and a half years previously , is poor management . NULL
an attempt to boost the bipartite model and marginalise everyone else , especially the political thorns in parliament 's side . scomode
mr duff took a difficult report on a subject that was triggered by a particular case of high controversy and which remains a particular case of high controversy and where my side of the house still differs substantially in its views from many of those on the other side of the house . parte
i would like to assure her - though hopefully she needs no such assurance - that such passion and such conviction is shared also on this side of the house , as i am sure it is right across the house . parte
i would like to thank the rapporteur , on behalf of the socialist group , for the way in which he has skilfully piloted this part of the erika package through parliament , keeping all sides together . parti
it is unfortunate , therefore , that both the commission and the council are still taking the side of the cosmetics industry and those responsible for profit-driven torture of animals . cosmetica
the person responsible for the establishment must be not only a doctor , but one specialised in blood donation , because complications or side effects which require medical care or action often occur during blood donation . collaterali
mr president , the question actually referred to illegal immigration but , in this context , i should like to ask the commissioner whether he sees that immigration is the other side of the coin of development and whether he understands that we are talking about many illegal immigrants who come from morocco and from throughout northern africa . indissolubilmente
does the commissioner not see that this is crazy and that in order to combat this illegal immigration we have to undertake development programmes on the other side of the mediterranean ? sponda
as far as this impact assessment on the business side is concerned , we are very advanced . attiene
in particular , with regard to the crisis of the church of the nativity , the council has been pleased at the resolution of this crisis in line with the memorandum of understanding signed by both sides . parti
at the end of last year , following the tragic attacks by terrorists on elected representatives in srinagar and new delhi , the presidency held talks with both governments to urge both sides to prevent a military escalation , to reopen political dialogue and to find political formulas to resolve the problem of kashmir . parti
the union has to date wished to maintain a position that is as even-handed as possible in this conflict , insisting on the need for both sides to make efforts to reconcile their positions . parti
i should like , specifically , to remind you that , at the general affairs council held last monday , the ministers agreed to convey a new message , this time not in the form of a council declaration , but in the form of a press communiqué , with the president of the general affairs council , mr piqué , informing the media , in order to encourage both sides at a time when we are already seeing signs of relaxation , such as the fact that india has already opened its air space to civilian pakistani flights and parti
in these circumstances , the presidency considers that the strategy of diplomatic monitoring of both sides must be maintained , albeit whilst now calling , with greater firmness , if necessary , for new gestures of conciliation by both sides which will satisfy the legitimate demands - especially by india - for terrorism to be firmly dealt with . entrambi
since 17 may , more than 60 people have died at the india-pakistan border ; a million soldiers from the two sides are watching each other from the line of control , awaiting orders to start a conflict which , if it happens , - whatever its final outcome may be - will mean desolation and death for the population of both countries . lati
consequently , as i have already said , the european union will continue to help ensure that both sides understand the need to keep the paths of dialogue open , in order to prevent a military scenario arising , the consequences of which would have a tragic affect on the entire continent of asia . parti
the explosive force of the kashmir conflict , which is rooted in historic events - already three wars in the region , terrorism , propaganda , rampant nationalism and al qaeda - could be disastrous , but it could also be restrained with the help of moderate forces in the area and a policy from outside which respects both sides . parti
i warn you - and this is very important today , especially following the war in afghanistan - not to take sides . unilaterali
both sides clearly have a responsibility to defuse the conflict , which is why i welcome the measures taken over the past few days by india , which has decided to lift the ban on pakistani aeroplanes using indian airspace , appoint a high commissioner for islamabad and order its warships back to port . NULL
the war against terrorism can in fact only be effectively waged on the pakistani side . pakistano
bilateral talks between two sides need to take place as soon as possible . parti
parliament has called on both sides , the european union and the future member states , to make good use of the coming months , to keep up the pace and to mobilise all forces in the sprint to the finishing line , so as to ensure that the jointly set targets are achieved . parti
there are hotheads and faint hearts on both sides who will seek to exploit difficulties in meeting the copenhagen criteria . parti
both sides must be encouraged to make the necessary compromises to reach such a settlement . parti
this is not necessarily a fair competition , for we all know that the prosperity gap is wide between these neighbouring regions on either side of the border . parte
what i would now ask of us all - from the european union , especially the council and particularly from two countries which have always been the driving force in this european union , namely germany and france - is to remove , as soon as possible , the obstacles which stand in the way of union with these countries and enable us , myself included , to conduct a european election campaign on both sides of the oder and neisse in 2004 . e
i share baroness nicholson 's fear that the often superhuman efforts by the governments will not be met by flexibility from our side . parte
it is only the pro-active involvement of europe that will assure the two sides that union membership profoundly and radically changes the context of their mutual relationship . parti
mr president , commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , i speak as someone who is involved with setting the budget , and people in that position sometimes have the feeling that they have to start by saying very clearly that we , too , who are involved with the financial side of enlargement , are in complete support of that enlargement . assoluti
they may work on one side and live on the other . parte
i want to deal with the agricultural side because i want to see a proper reform of the common agricultural policy before enlargement takes place . introdotta
i want in particular to thank mr böge , the rapporteur , also as a member of the committee on budgets , because i think the financing of enlargement is naturally the most serious question being put to us from all sides and one which is naturally of particular concern also to the people of the european union - just as it is in the candidate countries . parti
what is being provided for should be welcomed as an initial measure , but there will be a need for further steps - for which read funds - to make a wholesale success of enlargement on our side of the border as well . parte
both members of parliament have the commission on their side as regards that analysis . conferma
in accepting the renewal of the fiscalis programme as a crucial instrument for the efficient functioning of the internal market , the european parliament must also give a clear indication that this will simply be the other side of the coin of the requirements for economic competitiveness and financial consolidation that we so often demand - and rightly so . faccia
on the positive side , the specific measures proposed by the commission are welcome . versante
may i congratulate not only the rapporteur , but also my own colleague , hermann vermeer , for his excellent work in leading the search for a compromise and breaking the early deadlock between the two sides of the house , one insisting that voluntary agreements should never have a role , and the other saying that legislation should never have a role . schieramenti
according to the report by the india committee of the netherlands tellingly entitled " the dark side of football " , pakistan is the biggest producer of footballs in the world , followed by india . lato
russia and china - and nobody has criticised russia and china on the other side of the house - have also refused to sign the statute for good reasons . parte
i hope that parliament will finally adopt the savary report tomorrow since i believe it to be balanced and i believe it is the best report we could have achieved for both sides . ottenibile
no doubt , any problems are on the council 's side , and i only hope that we do not have a repeat of what happened many years ago when mrs scrivener , who was a commissioner at the time , submitted a similar package and the council ended up rejecting it . scrivener
if we have such a forum as of right , with the proper expertise there to listen to both sides , it will go a long way towards helping everyone to live in peace on this very vexed issue . parti
therefore , in the light of these two very contradictory approaches , it seems to me and to my group very logical that we should ask the commission for more flexibility in the way in which finance can be transferred from one part of the budget to the other , because on one side we have too little and on the other we have too much . parte
not only did i say that but i also said that there are no back doors or side doors either . laterale
secondly , i want to thank you , mr duisenberg , and the executive board for your good cooperation with parliament and especially with our committee , although there is room for improvement on both sides . parti
to allow traceability and transparency to fail would be to trample consumers ' rights underfoot , which is why i call on the ppe-de group in particular to relinquish its blocking stance , to take the consumers ' side at long last and to stop treating them like children . schieri
basically , letting consumers decide for themselves if they want to eat genetically modified food is a problem , because even highly educated people know very little about the possible side effects . possibili
it is important that legislators listen to all sides and get the balance right , guided by the unassailable principle of safe food for our citizens . parti
corporate social responsibility and corporate governance are two sides of the same coin . facce
we proposed that use be made of the dublin institute which already has experience of the exchange of good practice between the two sides of industry and which has a large network . parti
the commission did its best to take into account the comments from your side . commenti
excessively close cooperation - particularly on the purchasing side - between such large chains jeopardises free competition and the consumer 's freedom of choice . acquisto
furthermore , those who are not directly involved play a secondary role at their husbands ' side - which is even more serious , as their work is invisible and they do not receive any social or economic recognition . accanto
the threshold value is important if various forms of cultivation are to exist side by side because cross-pollination , for example , is technically impossible to preclude in nature . accorgimenti
the report takes the side of the stronger against the weaker . parti
ladies and gentlemen , it is not a case of barbarians on one side and civilised people on the other , of reactionaries on one side and progressives on the other , of the moral on one side and the immoral on the other . parte
i was very glad to hear you say that there must be no new conditions , and i would ask you to resist any pressure , from whichever country , for our side to impose them . parte
the group of the european people 's party and european democrats stands at your side . fianco
for this reason i would like to ask you whether you would use your political influence , prime minister , to ease these tensions and to use your influence on the czech government to respond to the european parliament 's report on the czech republic , which asks the czech side to repeal the relevant decrees by the latest at the time of accession . ceco
but i have concerns over cyprus , as already mentioned on the other side of the house . lato
not because we wish to side with those who would present genetic modification as a modern-day medusa , but because we have no faith in choices made by capitalists , choices dictated not by the precautionary principle but by the profit motive alone , we are voting in favour of this report . orme
i believe we should remind ourselves that we do not yet have much new evidence on our side to be able to face up to and resolve this emergency . appello
however , the other side of the coin is the commission 's full accountability to parliament . rovescio
such actors include both sides of industry , ngos and organisations for disabled people , in order for us to be able to design programmes for vulnerable groups . parti
i wanted to contribute because , as colleagues on the other side of the house know , there are differences between groups on the important issue of corporate social responsibility . settore
the compensation is currently in the process of being granted , but only the italian soldiers are excluded from this measure - a very serious omission - which removes a thorn left over from the second world war from europe 's side . mette
for this very reason , although we have chosen not to make an explicit , isolated reference to the economic side of things in some amendments , that does not mean that we do not realise its importance but that we want to avoid playing into the hands of those who have viewed this process in a negative light right from the very beginning . aspetti
air-traffic controllers are , essentially , equivalent to a policeman on the side of the road , to a ship 's captain steering a vessel into port , and we can never do deals at their expense . paragonati
this study should also address the need to strengthen competition policy instruments to prevent predatory pricing and its unwanted side effects . collaterali
once again , we wonder which side it is on , and if the community system is in fact , once again , going to make us weaker . parte
i think this should in fact be taken as a guideline , even though i am in favour of keeping certain reserves back for contingencies , just to be on the safe side . imprevisti
please bear in mind that we have stood side by side with the commission . fianco
mr president , commissioner , this pilot project affects three countries , germany , austria and italy and operates in a sensitive zone through the ancient hauptkamm , where the brenner motorway operators on the south side of the brenner pass and now the equivalent organisation on the north side of the brenner pass want to use the road to subsidise the railways , so as to prevent ecological damage and set up a pilot project . hauptkamm
i would be grateful if the commissioner could confirm to us that , while the european union and the commission will support every effort to find a political solution , the main stumbling block to which , as we all know , is the intransigence of the turkish and turkish cypriot side , the republic of cyprus will not be barred from the first wave of new countries to join the european union if no solution can be found . ciprioti
i shall be speaking to the turkish foreign minister this week and perhaps then i shall have a better idea as to whether we can expect a decisive and constructive attitude from the turkish side in the time ahead . parte
the fact that it has come to direct talks at all is only because cyprus has accession prospects and because the turkish side now understands that the european union intends to keep to its enlargement timetable . parte
i think everyone recognises the fact that the greek cypriot side has come to the talks in good faith , but there is a possibility that the talks will fail for reasons which have nothing to do with the greek cypriot side . ciprioti
i indicated that quite clearly , so it would be extremely unfair to discuss the irish referendum and not to allow speakers to put both sides of the argument on this issue . ingiusto
this side of the house and this committee shall continue to do that . ala
we need to clarify that the contribution of both sides - employment policy and competition policy - to the european employment strategy can be guaranteed . aspetti
as i see it , the commission 's regulation deals primarily with the financial side of granting aid . aspetto
churchill did not bomb berlin and try to overthrow the nazi regime based on his suspicions of hitler ; he acted in concert with his allies when it was clear that he had right on his side . aveva
neither mr blair 's position on one side nor mr schröder 's position on the other is very helpful in trying to reach such a common stance . lato
what is needed on both sides of the atlantic is coherent crisis management combating not only the symptoms of international terrorism , but also and especially its causes , as rightly demanded by the former white house security adviser zbigniew brzezinski . lati
the council is also alert to the large need for aid of various kinds which has been highlighted on many sides of this chamber and which is perhaps greater than first assumed , partly because of the large number of refugees who have returned . parti
finally , the issue of the situation of women in afghanistan was raised on quite a few sides of the chamber . parti
i want to refer to the point made by mr van orden about ensuring that even as one spends money rapidly , it is spent prudently and transparently because we have to be aware of the court of auditors , we have to be aware of the terrors of appearing in front of the committee on budgetary control or the committee on budgets , we have to be aware of the importance of keeping european public opinion on our side . alienarci
not one member state wanted to grant the liberal-democratic guest a visa , and the council showed its weakest side by not lifting a finger . lato
i think it is a great thing that both sides of the straits are following our debate today . sponde
i believe that the human rights dialogue with the people 's republic of china , which has just begun , has demonstrated that both sides will from now on be working on the basis of human rights being universal in character . parti
i think that the criteria which must , without fail , be adhered to by both sides are the copenhagen criteria , which improve economic , cultural and , above all , human relations and human rights . parti
otherwise , i fear that , as things stand , we may well end up partitioning the island , with the turkish side , with turkey behind it of course , as always , insisting on recognition of the independent sovereignty of the turkish cypriots . parte
i am satisfied with the reply , but unfortunately i must say that the russian side seems to have a certain attitude of divide et impera towards the european authorities . impera
i could also quote yesterday 's answer from the commission to a similar question : ' unfortunately , over recent months the russian side has neither confirmed its willingness to sign nor given any indication of the nature of the problems holding up their signature . ' non
i regret to say i have a feeling that the russian side will continue to delay . federazione
i once said that the manufacturers and we ourselves should try to picture sitting down in front of a plate of animal feed with a knife and fork on either side - just imagine what that would look like ! coltello
this is all well and good but there is , unfortunately , a down side , because although we have certainly made progress in eliminating food waste , i think that the obligation imposed on member states is being partly deferred . lato
the other side of parliament is represented by those who are always frightened of god knows what and who want to impose restrictions on everything . parte
i would agree totally with the previous speaker , that the vast majority of people in the agricultural industry , be they in the manufacturing side , the factory side or indeed at the farm level , are not involved in fraud . stabilimento
serious account must be taken of the terrorist threat , on both sides of the atlantic , because it constitutes not only one of the greatest threats to democracy , the free exercise of human rights and free economic and social development ; above all , it constitutes an attack on the most fundamental of human rights ; the right to life . sponde
it is currently in receipt of monies to develop a new tramway system in dublin and a tunnel to take freight from the north side of the city - the m50 in the airport area - to the docks , thus keeping unnecessary freight from the city 's streets . parte
the commitment and contribution of the two sides of industry is very important . parti
i earnestly hope that colleagues from all sides of the house , and indeed the commissioner , will reflect on this when we are voting on the atypical workers directive in a few weeks time . schieramenti
it is important that we involve the local and regional authorities and both sides of industry . parti
when we look at the overall strategy a number of things jump out - colleagues on the other side of the house may disagree with this interpretation , but this is my opinion . ala
commissioner , my group stands by your side . fianco
that is a rather useful reminder which we , from the commission side , welcome and find meaningful . promemoria
on the positive side , in addition to what the danish presidency and the commission have highlighted in terms of timetables and targets , specifically for poverty , water and health , i would highlight as equally positive the change in the character of the summit . NULL
on the negative side , it was obviously a disappointment that no quantified targets were set for renewable energies or for reversing lost biodiversity . aspetti
i have one last thing to say , also on the negative side , with regard to kyoto . aspetti
i want to address commissioner nielson directly in saying that we did not expect all our demands to be met , but it is sometimes the case that the tone is what matters in music , and at times our side was dissatisfied with the way the parliamentarians were negotiated with or spoken to . parere
this is one of the problems : we are faced with two sides who do not respect what the united nations or the political forces decide . parti
both sides need political leaders which respects what is asked . parti
if someone , a political force , decides to support one side rather than the other , we shall have lost , because it will be impossible to go forward . parte
the union is the only political entity which is capable today of making each side see reason and of helping , at the same time , both the israelis and the palestinians . ragionare
we can only respond to the initiatives taken by others , on other sides of the atlantic , and , the worst thing , which is , in a way , the most delightful thing for those who know what europe is really made of , namely of independent nations , is that in several crises , particularly in the current crisis in iraq , there are - poor old europe , it is still in disarray - stark differences between london and berlin , and paris as well , and these are , to a certain extent , patently sponda
we do in fact agree that this is an area in which cooperation , be it on the production side or be it on the research and development side , as well as more general cooperation between countries can bring in significant results . vista
i am positive that , with the systematic efforts being made and with the real spirit which can be demonstrated on all sides , we shall be able - i hope soon - to reach a result . parti
i should like to begin by pointing out that , since the elsinore meeting , there have been further developments concerning the icc , and i hope that these will have a more positive and long-term effect on the issues that are at present occupying our friends on the other side of the atlantic . sponda
trade liberalisation on both sides is an indispensable element of this undertaking , provided it is not pursued blindly but flexibly . parti
mr president , as we , in this parliament , tend less towards the intergovernmental side , i would replace the word " council " here by " commission " . simpatie
it is very important to achieve a balanced employment policy , where a number of different interests stand side by side . coesistono
i am also keen to stress , as several other speakers have done , that the two sides of industry must take an active part in the process . parti
this is a reasonable request on the algerian side . parte
the european parliament is willing , as it has already stated , to foster dialogue with the algerian parliament and this will be vital to exchanges of information , common positions and the interests of both sides . parti
madam president , of course this agreement is not the result of an extensive process of participation and negotiation between all the main players from both sides . sponde
our support , however , for the challenge of forging lasting political relations between both sides of the mediterranean is unstinting , and we also hope that the algerian crisis can emerge from behind closed doors where it has tragically played out for too long . rive
i believe there is a political benefit to be gained from showing them the friendly side of europe , as we are doing in this case , particularly at times such as this - and we are approaching a major referendum now , we all know the details - a political benefit which we must not allow to go to waste . volto
supporting one of the two sides is not going to produce a successful outcome to the conflict . parti
this is why my group on this side of the chamber makes no apologies for supporting a common european asylum policy , believing that it is the only way forward for the european union . parte
on this side we are quite clear in our approach . versante
in future , comprehensive information on progress with the authorisation procedure , on clinical tests carried out and on side effects and the prices of medical products will be downloadable at any time from a public database . collaterali
pharmacovigilance , that is to say monitoring and reporting of side effects , is important to the safety of a medical product . collaterali
the obligation to report side effects and submit periodic reports to the authorisation authority ensures continuous comprehensive assessment of any given medical product . collaterali
this makes it easier to ascertain side effects and makes it possible to act quickly in the event of a crisis . il
i am only here to represent the committee on agriculture on the veterinary medicines side . veterinari
too many previous examples , however , such as thalidomide , show us that the side effects of a medicinal product can last for much longer than five years and , in addition , developments in medicine happen so quickly that treatment for the same condition can swiftly change . collaterali
i hope that we will , at last , have a system of active pharmacovigilance operating throughout the territory which will allow us to introduce continuous monitoring carried out by highly qualified experts - europe is teeming with clinical pharmacologists - to ensure that any toxic side effects are made known as soon as they occur . collaterali
i am sure that this budget procedure also has structural side effects that need to be very carefully examined . collaterali
that is why we have also made it clear that either of the two sides can terminate the agreement after two years , so as to draft a new agreement on the basis of the experience acquired , and that this is therefore not a permanent arrangement but just a first step on this sensitive issue of internal security . parti
i would also ask you to reject one of the amendments , because it concerns the extreme case of criminal offences being committed , by whichever side . parti
absurd though it might sound , i was wholeheartedly on mrs theato 's side , and said that it really should be worked out with absolute clarity and utterly unambiguously , and that the third variant was to be left open . theato
that is why i also think that the combating of stress and harassment is a matter for the two sides of industry . parti
i am very pleased that he has taken on this report , because i know the commitment we need from all sides of the house . parte
the transit permit , or kaliningrad passport , as proposed by the commission , is in my opinion a good solution for both sides . parti
both sides emphasised the importance of taking account of the fact that relations between the eu and the countries concerned vary in character and are at different levels of political and economic development . parti
both sides confirmed that ukraine could best make use of these opportunities by stepping up its efforts to adjust its legislation , norms and standards to the eu 's . parti
i have voted in favour of this report 's amendments because they make a more effective contribution to the fight that must be pursued tenaciously against the darker side of a globalisation that has also promoted a new form of economic crime , along with distortions , cover-ups and manipulations . aspetti
basically , on one side , there are the advocates of multifunctional farming , of which i am one , who find it unacceptable that 80 % of community aid should end up in the purses of 20 % of the farmers , and , on the other side , there are the defenders of the status quo . NULL
know-how will be transmitted to these countries and the advantage to us is that the reduction in emissions will be entered against our account , meaning that both sides will benefit from the trade off . parti
first of all , what can we do to influence russia and to push for ratification from the russian side ? inducendola
will the french leaders be prosecuted , those leaders whose troops in rwanda were present , holding their fire at the massacres unleashed by the government in office , when they did not make matters worse by supplying weapons to either side ? scatenati
both sides need to make an effort if we are to achieve this objective . raggiungere
on iran 's side , its leaders must realise that the west , and the european union in particular , will only open up to and work with the developing world if it respects human rights ; these are not values europe wishes to impose , they are ecumenical values and they include women 's rights , which are particularly prone to abuse . NULL
i do not care which side the victims come from , what concerns me is that we must strive for a peaceful solution , that the only hope we can give this country is developing its land and providing opportunities for its people . fazione
i would simply like to remind you that it is not only public opinion in the member states that has to be taken into account in wrapping up the package for the final negotiations ; we also have to bear in mind the fact that the governments and parliaments in the candidate countries have to convince public opinion on their side that joining the european union is a good thing . volta
i would like to call upon the presidency of the council and the council itself - the commission , of which we sometimes have criticisms that are not the point at issue today , is on our side in these matters - to involve parliament in dealing with all the financial consequences for the current financial perspective - on which james elles is our expert - and also for future financial perspectives , and to do so in such a way that the institutional preparations can be made in this area as well . parte
these are the unreserved confirmation of the two-state solution that we seek , and even more so the ending of all use of force and provocation by both sides . parti
on both sides , innocent people are still dying . parti
and the fact that , on this occasion , the minister of finance was able to keep his job - you welcomed this - but that the former interior minister , who had the courage to call for the end to the violence perpetrated by both sides , was able to be axed , seems , in our view , a very worrying sign that , in this new cabinet , the hawks may have prevailed over the artisans of peace . parti
in order to guarantee a promising future , we demand serious efforts from both sides . parti
mr joshi belin , one of the well-known brains behind the oslo conventions , assured me only the other day that , despite the fact that the conventions had been seriously undermined by the sharon regime on the one hand and by palestinian suicide bombers on the other , what the citizens of both sides need more than ever at this very moment are structural political proposals which offer the prospect of peace . parti
this coalition must be our top priority , both from the us side and the european side . americani
however , this delay might also be exploited by those who fuel this conflict and do not want to see the two peoples living side by side in peace . coabitazione
we want there to be , as soon as possible , two states that can live together , democratically , side by side with one another , in peace and prosperity . accanto
we are not content for our views to be put to one side - we want to be involved in this decision , and we want to know what is going on . parte
i would , instead , like to focus on the positive side of these innovations , this courageous step , to address a point which is , i am sad to say , too often disregarded . parte
in a world in which the threat of terrorism is increasingly accompanied by the danger that combating terrorism will lead to new cases of imperial dominance , it would appear essential that the alliance which the usa is attempting to build to fight what has been described as the axis of evil be opposed , although not necessarily antagonistically , by the community of democracies , an international body promoting peace and respect for freedoms which condemns all authoritarian tendencies on any side . parti
thirdly , it is good that the countries in the area as a whole will soon all be members of the european union , from romania to bulgaria , austria , greece and so on ; in other words , there will be a positive impact on developments in these countries from all sides . aspetti
mr president , i want to put my voice mainly on the side of what mr harbour , commissioner bolkestein and others have said about the need to develop and improve the single market , particularly in the context of services and patents and other matters which have been discussed . associo
for example , the single market could clearly be pursued in a way which ignored environmental side constraints . questioni
given that no one here is against health protection measures , the bottom line is that the two sides have to calmly decide which amendments are needed in order to rescue this as a valid directive . parti
tobacco is a divisive subject for debate because of the many different sides there are to the argument . aspetti
those who spoke on the other side of the argument , if i might describe it as such , are seeking to have legal certainty , which , as a lawyer , i would say is not at all unreasonable . opposta
in the commission we get letters regularly from people complaining from both sides of the argument , indeed even from the industry , about a distortion in the market because of the different regimes in member states in relation to this issue . schieramenti
the final outcome will hardly satisfy all parties , but we can at least be satisfied that the debate on both sides of the atlantic has been conducted openly . sponde
generally speaking , the commission is on your side regarding the main resolutions of the report . parte
that is a unilateral demand on the part of turkey , and neither i nor the commission are willing simply to give in to a situation in which the other side steps up the pressure and says : ' if you do not give in to this pressure , you are causing a crisis in relations between us . ' controparte
let me conclude by saying that , as my final amendment does justice to all sides , i ask you to vote tomorrow to accept it , along with the report as a whole . parti
it is also the european union 's duty to itself , however , to be capable of being integrated , of taking decisions , of taking on a transparent and democratic form , and , on that point , i have to say that the western side has to do its homework better . parte
strong opinions have been voiced on this issue and unfortunately it has become a symbolic argument , with people digging in on both sides . fronti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as draftsman of the opinion of the committee on budgets , i wish to emphasise that the political and economic advantages of enlargement will of course far outweigh the potential costs to the budget , but , despite this , there is still a need to give budget policy a framework that is reliable in the medium and long term and capable of gaining the support of a majority on both sides . parti
processes of economic adjustment call for the greatest political and social commitment on the part of all sides . parte
my first point has to do with cyprus , specifically with the un secretary-general 's proposal on the subject , which has been welcomed by all sides . accolta
if we can convince both sides of this , then we can really build a new future . parti
yesterday was the deadline for a verbal reply ; the republic of cyprus has said yes but there has been no reply from the turkish-cypriot side , perhaps because mr denktash is ill . parte
my question is this : if this state of affairs continues , by which i mean if there is no reply from the turkish-cypriot side and this uncertainty persists , can the presidency of the council assure us that the first decision taken at the copenhagen summit will be the decision to integrate the republic of cyprus on the basis of the helsinki resolutions ? parte
the annan plan , which contains a number of interesting points , places quantitative restrictions on the right of establishment , on property rights and on the right to elect and be elected of the citizens of both sides , who may apply them for ever , not just for a transitional period . parti
that is why when these countries join the european union , i shall welcome the workers and the working classes and express the hope that in future struggles to change our lot , we shall be fighting side by side . fianco
my political statement that it is not our political , or our personal , merit that we were born on the sunny side of the iron curtain and that it is through no fault of their own that the acceding countries had to live in our shadow for so long , was taken on board with due respect . lato
this morning 's debate also shows the other side of the coin . rovescio
are we not turning into second-class citizens and what are you giving us in terms of extra funding to help us convince the citizens on our side ? erogherete
cyprus , that tiny country with its long history and tragic vicissitudes over recent years , covers the far side of the mediterranean dimension of the european union and , by virtue of its position , can contribute a great deal to the union 's mediterranean policy . estremo
the implementation of the acquis communautaire in cyprus is the key to reconciliation and cooperation and will enable greek cypriots and turkish cypriots to live side by side in a single , federal , twin community , free , independent state which respects human rights and the ethnic origins and religious persuasions of its people . ciprioti
the council expressed the desire to formulate an ambitious , long-term and integrated strategy in relation to each of these new neighbouring countries with a view to promoting democracy and economic reforms , sustainable development and trade and for promoting stability , prosperity etc on the other side of the new eu border . lato
as a committee we have to note that on the legislative side the programme is not really satisfactory when it comes to the demands that are made by society and that are also socially based . profilo
in any case , when russia accedes to the union - however far in the future - we will not be able to stipulate that only the part on this side of the urals can do so , and that will bring great changes , particularly in the way the union defines itself . urali
i am not referring to poor commissioner wallström and commissioner byrne , who always do their best but are sometimes pushed to one side . parte
you realise that the labour market and welfare are two sides of the same coin . facce
johannesburg was an attempt for the two sides to see if that balance could be changed - and it was not changed . parti
the european parliament also put a stranglehold on the cypriot people by adopting an amendment calling on both sides to sign a framework agreement before copenhagen . parti
both sides must respect human rights , and the eu must insist that those who do not are brought to justice . parti
in this context , the summit also produced a joint statement defining areas for further cooperation in the fight against terrorism , which is a clear priority for both sides . parti
on the economic side , progress was less marked , except for the change in the eu anti-dumping regulations , which now accord russia market economy status . vista
serious doubts about this have arisen on the lithuanian side . parte
we have others who deal with the political side of the discussion . lato
against that background it is not that simple to accommodate the desire shown by the other side to have a very long-term , stable kind of contract as a basis . parte
also on the positive side is the fact that the president has implemented a number of reforms aimed at re-establishing the economy and combating corruption . diverse
as far as the new cooperation agreement between the european community and pakistan is concerned , the commission would like to recall that exceptional circumstances in the region called for a response commensurate to the risk president musharraf took in siding with the international community on afghanistan . musharraf
nonetheless , while the therapeutic value of drugs of plant origin must be recognised , it must not be forgotten that improper use can give rise to a whole range of undesirable and seriously toxic side effects , which , i am afraid , may even be lethal . collaterali
it is flawed because we have moved away from the social dialogue and social partnership model where there was agreement between both sides of industry before a proposal came before this parliament . parti
it is essential for the eu now jointly to begin to reflect upon how it might try to reduce the credibility gap that in actual fact exists between ourselves and those whom we wish to get on our side . parte
the council and the commission were on one side and parliament on the other . parte
on the other side are the people responsible , whose faces are obscured behind flags of convenience and legal procedures distorted to this end , and with a view to fraudulently avoiding the rules of the internal market , without caring about possible ecological damage - which is now real - and social and economic harm , and , without wanting to be alarmist , the damage which may also be in store for other coastal areas as the result of a domino effect . NULL
this must also lead to a permanent ceasefire on both sides , which is respected by everyone . parti
we should ask more questions ; the european union should not always stand to one side like a junior prison warder . parte
for our part , it will always be clear that we are on the side of more democracy and not on the side of those who want to turn the clock back several hundred years . parte
it is not that i have passed over to the enemy or changed sides , nor have i moved over from barcelona to real madrid , no ; i have genuinely found a commission which is different to the one i was accustomed to dealing with . cambiato
i hope that the citizens of the applicant countries do not look at the two things side by side and become frustrated . sentendosi
i have deep sympathy with poland , and especially with its present government , but we too have pain thresholds , and i do think that both sides have to acknowledge the necessity of compromise in this area . parti
it is also true , however , that it repeatedly has to be pointed out by both sides that the european union is not a cash dispenser . parti
tomorrow everyone can decide which side they are on . parte
let us all start working together , side by side . gomito
in galicia we all know that we have two ears , one on either side of our heads , but what we did not know is that as well as two ears , we were going to have sixty thousand tonnes of oil on our beaches , and that today , in parliament , we were going to be talking about what to restrict or deciding to prevent fishermen from continuing to deplete the sea 's natural resources . sporcate
without wishing to state that there are two sides involved , not least because , as a result of circumstance , all parties have become mixed up together within the convention , and rightly so , the fact is that this national component provides added value to the debate . NULL
apart from the understandable security concerns of those involved , the apparent collusion between members of the local police and the british national party can only cause concern to those who hope that the perpetrators on both sides will be dealt with by a system of justice that is blind to politics . parti
amendment no 1 does this by specifying that member states , in accordance with their normal tradition and practice , will consult with both sides of industry and lay down practical guidelines for determining work of this kind . parti
i cannot , by way of conclusion , do other than to reiterate that in items 3 and 5 the committee has adopted very divergent positions , and tomorrow 's vote will show whether we will take our stand on the side of consumers and of consumer protection , or whether we will make concessions to the industry , which has engaged in energetic lobbying over recent weeks . parteggiamo
and while we are talking about the commission : we have heard appreciation from all sides for the commission 's role in the foot and mouth crisis . generalizzato
having said this , i must mention a down side : even before the temporary committee was set up , the eldr group had submitted two amendments to the 2002 budget . positivo
to call the combating of the foot and mouth crisis a veterinary success , as has been suggested from the liberal side , is to lose all sense of proportion . significare
mr president , i am very glad to say that the health crisis is behind us , but its side effects are unresolved . collaterali
we also wish to point out that codecision in connection with the procedure laid down in article 139 should not mean any restriction in the ability of the two sides of industry autonomously to reach agreements . parti
the final consensus , however , for which we have so much to thank the danish presidency , which was so willing to hold discussions , does not hide the fact that there are still thorns in the sides of parliament . conficcate
money has been taken away even from the strengthening of the second pillar that has been called for on all sides . pur
it is rare in my experience for a presidency to receive such wide praise from all sides of this house . gruppi
this is the other side of the coin . lato
we politicians must be able to explain both sides of this fantastic european cooperation . aspetti
of course , the greek side responds fully to your call for an agreement to be reached by 27 february and , if there is a similar response on the turkish side , an agreement will be reached . parte
it is true that the two sides have committed to continue negotiations with a view to reaching a global settlement before the end of february ; it is true that there is still the opportunity to bring down the last wall in europe . parti
commissioner , let us assume that both sides in cyprus agree to a solution based on the annan plan by 28 february . parti
if one side , let us say the greek-cypriot side , rejects the referendum , what then ? parte
here we formally propose that we all work side by side to help those affected and increase maritime transport safety , but if you do not want to , if you do not have the heart , at least let us work towards this . fianco
mr galeote , although you chose to address the socialist group , which is very large , and my group is tiny , i am going to speak sincerely , on behalf of a very small group , but one that on vital issues has been involved , modestly , side by side with all our spanish colleagues . fianco
thirdly , we must not forget that there are numerous sides to this problem . sfaccettature
madam president , our hearts leap up as we talk about mountains today , although , as always , the numbers in the chamber are on the low side . platea
this being so , it makes no sense to stand and watch the machinations going on in the middle east , the clashes , the destruction , the loss of human life on all sides . parti
a statute of this kind for border regions could make the lives of many europeans who live on both sides of the borders every day quite a bit easier and more pleasant . vicinanze
they are two sides of the same coin . facce
why is no mention made of parents ' right to allow their children to grow up in a drug-free society in which parents know that the law is on their side ? parte
with regard to the operational side of things , however , i think that the safety bodies must be able to make use of the existing railway companies ' know-how , knowledge and experience . versante
in order to reach that goal we need politicians , we need governments , we need the commission , but most of all we also need all sides in the railway industry working together . protagonisti
virtually everyone now agrees on the need for modernisation with trains that can travel on the other side of the border with the same carriages , the same crew , the same voltage and the same safety requirements . viaggiante
in other words , the commission proposals - and unfortunately these reports go along with them - care nothing for quality , the cost of transport or the safety of users , all of which have been blown out of the water by the philosophy of unbridled competition and the profitability of capital , leaving the way free for private investors to ransack the profitable rail transport sector and dump responsibility for exorbitant infrastructure building and maintenance costs and the unprofitable side of rail transport on the public sector . aspetti
in conclusion , amendment no 113 is aimed at requiring the two sides of industry at european level to carry out regular evaluations of this new regulation . parti
confronted with incessant statements about a war that is all but unavoidable , it is of great importance that the council and the commission side with parliament . schierino
we are talking about a war which is both pointless and destructive , as members from all sides of this house have pointed out . schieramenti
let me emphasise that kosovo 's institutional set-up , including the distribution of responsibilities , has been defined by the united nations security council and must be respected by all sides , including the provisional institutions of self-government in kosovo . parti
our terms are geared to achieving the aims of the bonn agreement and , by extension , ensuring all sides in afghanistan comply with the procedure set up to achieve peace , a representative government and stability , convict terrorists and stop the illicit production and trafficking of narcotics . parti
i should like to add to today 's debate on afghanistan by mentioning two very dark sides to this war . lati
by which i mean that the european union is following one political tack and supporting a strong central administration in afghanistan , while the united states are taking a different approach and sticking to their favourite tactic of divide and rule from the days of the taliban and the mujahedin by backing the warlords , who they seem to think have taken their side . alleati
so i again want to thank most especially the colleagues who have always , and repeatedly , assured me of their support , even when conditions were rather less favourable on every side . lati
the european parliament is clearly showing here whose side it is on . parte
as you know , the agreement requires respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms to be a basic element in both sides ' domestic and foreign policy . parti
good communications channels between politicians on both sides of the mediterranean are an important factor in building constructive relations between the ? u and its mediterranean partners . sponde
the interim agreement allows both sides to start the 12-year transition period from march 2003 , leading to the gradual introduction of free trade . avvio
the high consumption of the wealthy goes side by side with raging poverty , intensified by an extremely high cost of living and widespread low income . affianca
the council wants to promote and is promoting solutions and i think it is vital to have proposals and ideas from all sides as to how to deal with this problem , a problem which does not just have to do with naval architecture ; it also has to do with a whole series of other issues - economic , social , institutional and organisational issues - and how these issues should be dealt with at political and european union level . parti
what steps will the council take to implement the helsinki decisions , which dissociated the accession of the republic of cyprus from a political solution to the problem , particularly when it is evident that the stalling tactics pursued by the turkish cypriot side have exhausted every time margin for negotiations of substance to achieve a just and viable settlement in cyprus ? parte
on the question of unity , the european union welcomes the commitment by both sides to continue negotiations , with a view to finding an overall solution to the cyprus problem by the end of february 2003 on the basis of the proposals made by the secretary-general of the united nations . entrambe
the usa and the uk are stepping up preparations for an attack against iraq , transporting soldiers and munitions to the region and preparing the way for civil war by arming all those inside and outside iraq who might take their side . parte
yes , we appreciate russian cooperation in the fight against terrorism , but that is no reason to turn a blind eye to humanitarian atrocities by both sides in chechnya . parti
speaking like him as a proud citizen of old europe - a part of old europe which once had a spot of trouble with one of our colonies on the other side of the atlantic - i have occasionally reflected that if king george had not played his hand so badly , if he had not made such a mess of things , then instead of fetching up as the last governor of hong kong i might have finished up as the governor of arkansas or texas , and then who knows what might have happened ! sponda
on the other side of the atlantic , a movement unprecedented since vietnam is gathering momentum , based on the slogan , and how clear it is : ' no blood for oil ' . sponda
we cannot simply oppose options that some consider to be warmongering ; we must provide a response that is proportionate to the threats made by the other side , in the shape of someone who , in the past , has shown complete contempt for international law and who is still failing to provide guarantees that he will respect such law now and in future . parte
whoever tries to oust saddam through war without convincing evidence , without a un resolution and therefore without public opinion on their side , is undermining the international rule of law . sostegno
what i would say , however , is that the democratic changes in central and eastern europe , where we have found new partners , did not come about by taking sides and engaging in conflicts . schieramenti
in the meantime , we hope for the continued and valued support of parliament in our efforts to foster temperate and constructive attitudes on all sides . parti
nor must we forget that this situation may be complicated in the immediate future by the prospect of unilateral intervention in iraq , the worsening situation in the middle east and the possible rekindling of terrorism , fed by conflicting arguments from all the forces involved as they try to pass the buck from one side to the other . une
unfortunately , the member states and the commission are often on opposite sides of the negotiating table , even though they should really be on the same side . siedono
some amendments were rejected which sought to strengthen a text that portrays a cowardly and defeatist europe , certainly not the europe of the battle of lepanto , where the pope was on the right side . parte
it is by no means absolved , but the faults are not entirely on one side . parte
i think that mr gorostiaga has been elected to show that there is another side to what others are saying concerning the basque country , and that is what he is doing , whether we agree with him or not . aspetto
to those , on one side or the other , furthermore , who would have us choose between growth and justice , we would answer that we refuse to choose between growth and justice , or justice and growth . parte
commissioner , are you , in order to respond to this global civil society and the hopes of the southern countries , going to change the demands of the european union so that , in cancun , we might say that europe is genuinely on the side of those who want a different kind of globalisation ? parte
intellectual property rights will have to be put to one side so that we can alleviate the suffering of millions of people who will die needlessly , if we do not find an urgent solution to this issue . accantonati
with more than 90 % of aids patients in developing countries , we want europe to unambiguously decide which side it is on and to strictly limit itself to a solution in line with the political doha agreement . parte
it is obvious that the current state of relations between the european union and belarus is profoundly unsatisfactory for both sides . parti
the bulk of the trade chapter entered into force on 1 february ; i trust that entrepreneurs and consumers on both sides will soon reap the benefits of the agreement . parti
the second urgent request is addressed to austria : do something from your side too , by increasing the number of trains and ensuring that they are cleaner .  
i could well name several members of this house - do not worry , i am not actually going to - who told me that they understood us austrians , and were also on our side , but asked what else they could do , as their hauliers would finish them off . parte
all this has helped to make the question of the environmental protection of austria desperate , but we must not forget - and this has never been given any consideration - that there is another side of the alps , the italian side , and it will not surprise you to learn that that is where i live . versante
the procedure over the coming weeks will find the commission also having to decide whose side it is on . parte
i believe that the approach to european transport policy that is advocated in the white paper is a good one , namely of working on the supply side to restore the balance between the transport modes by 2010 . offerta
let me briefly reiterate the main objectives of the eeurope 2005 action plan. eeurope sets out to stimulate the demand-supply cycle by , on the demand side , promoting content , services and applications , where there is a crucial role for online public services - egovernment , ehealth and elearning - as well as for ebusiness . offerta
this will stimulate and is stimulated by the supply side , by enabling the widespread availability and use of multi-platform and secure broadband . offerta
authorisation has been granted for installations of equipment to coexist side by side for common use , but that is all . coesistenza
on the healthcare side , one important development that can take place is the delivery of health services to rural and peripheral areas . versante
this proposed recommendation particularly covers the demand side and takes over where law enforcement fails to stop the supply of drugs . subentra
perhaps ' before and after ' photographs of women who have suffered from ruptured implants would tell a very different side of the story to the readers of glossy magazines . satinate
furthermore , it is important for an annual check to be carried out by a breast specialist and a free echography performed , without the need for invasive examinations such as mammographies or cat scans , which still subject patients to radiation and are practices which are on the expensive side for national health services . costose
mr president , the worst thing about this situation in venezuela is that the two sides have stopped talking to each other . parti
at this stage i should therefore like to draw your attention to the fact that an initiative has emerged from the latin american parliament and the european parliament to form a joint group , to establish a dialogue with members of parliament on both sides in venezuela and in this way also to support the efforts of the group of friends of venezuela to bring the two sides together . schieramenti
apart from getting the two sides talking , what else is to be done ? schieramenti
if it is to be amended then it should be with the agreement of both sides to perhaps enable elections to be held at an early stage . schieramenti
we will now move on to another cause for concern on the proactive side of things which may also fall within mr lamy 's remit - the international instrument . punto
madam president , commissioner , i get the impression that the eu 's way of conducting negotiations is listing to one side . fazioso
having said all this , the facts appear to point more to one side than the other . parte
it is just as well that we do not have mandatory requirements but i think that , given goodwill on all sides , we will see some progress in the application of biofuels . parti
i am very disappointed that those on the other side of this house , who claim to be champions of transparency , are pushing for funding within parliament 's budget instead of the commission 's . banchi
it is , then , also only natural that the two topics be linked , since they are two sides of the same coin . facce
whatever side of the political divide we come from , we all agree that more needs to be done to achieve a more effective europe-wide employment strategy . distinzioni
of course , i have to admit there is another side to this coin . a hard core of 7.4 % of the unemployed have never actually worked , have lost their job , or face major obstacles in getting back into work . rovescio
not that things would have been much better had the two sides accepted the annan plan which , unlike the un resolutions , attempted to impose a particular form of federation which was not so very different from the recognition of two states in cyprus , in other words partition . parti
we have listened carefully to hans blix and i can assure you that the greek presidency is making an effort to attend all un procedures and meet all sides in the iraqi debate . parti
the first is the common foreign and security policy itself , which has suffered a severe setback because member states on both sides of the debate have chosen to take firm national policy positions as if they spoke for the european union as a whole . entrambi
but , on the other side of the argument , let us also acknowledge that those who join our union are making an existential choice . versante
let us , in short , put all or most anxieties to one side . parte
as for other allies , it was on the other side of the atlantic that we found them . atlantico
we will always be on the side of democracy and not of tyranny . parte
we are also on the side of international law , because we want to see immediate and unconditional compliance with the 17 un resolutions on iraq 's disarmament . parte
we are on the side of those who know that collective security comes at a price and that we must not confine ourselves to antagonising those who are paying this price by applying the only weapon of deterrence that saddam hussein acknowledges and fears - the more than 200 000 soldiers on the ground . parte
here and in the usa , we all have to decide which side we are on . parte
these are difficult times , but we have ability and experience on our side ; the experience of previous greek presidencies and of the administration of the late andreas papandreou , who was firmly in favour of peace and the autonomy of europe . parte
for the first time , the eu is taking on responsibility for the military side of peacekeeping in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia . parte
thirdly , i turn to costs , on which i have questions about both the civilian and military sides of this mission . aspetto
following a high-level meeting on 17 and 18 february on access to personal data contained in passenger name records , both sides issued a joint statement which sets out the steps that need to be taken to reach a mutually satisfactory and legally certain solution to this issue . parti
instead , we have engaged with the united states authorities in an intensive dialogue aimed at obtaining the necessary guarantees regarding the proper handling and use of the data concerned by the us side . usa
both sides are now committed to continuing their discussions in order to find a more legally secure solution . parti
there should be no difference between us at all on the importance of putting in place security measures which are recognised as being reasonable by both sides . parti
there have been discussions and the us side has given certain assurances . stati
both sides are committed to finding a more legally secure solution in due course . parti
in order to answer that question , it was necessary to obtain information from the us side , in particular as regards the use of the data and the conditions under which they would be processed . usa
unfortunately the american side was very slow to respond to these requests for information and they only started to take our concerns seriously in december 2002 . controparte
but not having discussions with the american side would have left them with the data and no means for the european union side to influence their handling of it . controparte
the american side has committed itself to a process which recognises our legitimate interest in their data protection practices , under which they subject their arrangements to our scrutiny according to our standards . NULL
the interest on the american side in the personal data of aircraft passengers cannot , however , be seen separately from their efforts to bring about a global computer surveillance system . tuttavia
consequently , at some point , both sides will have to sit down , we and the americans , and talk seriously and on an equal footing about where this relationship is going and what we can do to save it before it implodes completely . americani
i should like to stress that this seems mutually satisfactory to the commission , the european parliament and the european side . posizione
secondly , the american side has given a number of significant unilateral undertakings of immediate application . stati
they know that the american side is serious about imposing penalties , including some that could put their transatlantic traffic at risk . stati
we shall certainly pursue our talks with the airlines with the view to their installing filters that separate us flights from the rest and possibly also filters that separate sensitive data from other data which the us side say they do not need or use . controparte
what we have been trying to do is to get belgrade and pristina to talk about matters of common interest , such as the return of refugees , security issues , energy and other networks and so on , where by definition cooperation is needed if greater trust is to be generated between the two sides before moving on to the next stage , which is the discussion on final status . parti
i should like to point out , if i may , that if all sides act to establish these standards , trust between the various ethnic groups will improve , which is vital to a substantive debate about the future status of kosovo . parti
the other side of the coin , however , was that , in many cases , women experienced their work as nothing more than a mere duty , and not as a right , and there was no question at all of equal wages and therefore , of course , no question of equality either . NULL
that is why in my response today i have been unable to accommodate , any more than i could at the committee stage , some of those on either the left or the right who wish to make this also a debate about eco-labelling , the virtues of organic produce or , on the other side , the virtues and provability of gm technology . canto
well , ladies and gentlemen , in the committee on legal affairs and the internal market we believe that these are often two sides of the same coin and this is why we are asking for a thorough impact study of both business-to-business relations and business-to-consumer relations . facce
as you know the commission is determined to complete the internal market , and making the single market work for business and producers is just one side of the story . faccia
although we are aware of the totalitarian nature of the burmese regime , however , and the motions for resolution are coming from all sides , the current state of affairs , in other words , the absence of the rule of law , continues under the burmese sun . parti
since then there has been strong international pressure from all sides to help ms lawal , and rightly so . parte
i know which side of the argument i come down on . parte
of course we are together responsible for reconstruction , of course we are together on the side of international law and the multilateral approach . favorevoli
as you are together as leaders today , respect this voice of the european population and realise that this voice stands on the side of peace and international law . parte
this must also be the basis on which we again strengthen our transatlantic ties , which bind us to the great democracy on the other side of the ocean , but these must be founded upon our own strength , on which any partnership must be dependent . oltreoceano
then , i believe , the democracies on both sides of the ocean will be able to make it their concern to establish a just world order , for no world order can be established by violence . sponde
it was very gratifying to see the majority of new member states siding so powerfully with those values that form the basis of our european cooperation , and correspondingly sad to see long-standing member states react to those countries ' stance with threats and blackmail . schierarsi
i should like to propose , following the death today of 15 innocent people in baghdad market and the death of soldiers on both sides , that we observe one minute 's silence for the victims of the war in iraq . parti
we are not very quick to demonstrate on this side of the chamber , but i was surprised to see large pieces of paper with the word ' peace ' written on them hung up on the other side , while no one ever stopped to wonder what discontent there was in iraq , and i do not remember seeing any demonstrations against that , not even in this chamber . lato
i believe , ladies and gentlemen , that this is one of the main messages of the efforts made in brussels ; that despite the adversities , despite the difficulties , we have a great deal in common , a great deal in common , which we cannot put to one side , which is why , especially in these difficult times , we need to try and express what we have in common and move forward together . parte
nevertheless , our anti-war position does not mean siding with that regime , which must account for its crimes before international courts , and it does not mean being indifferent to the dangerous path being opened up by the violation of international law and the many other violations , such as the use of prohibited weapons , the suffering inflicted on the iraqi people , the treatment of prisoners and the fate of the kurdish people . NULL
it was precisely for this reason that we succeeded in afghanistan , for we were able to make it clear to muslims that it was side by side with muslims that terrorists had to be fought . dovevamo
on the credit side , i acknowledge that reference is made to the promotion of environmental technology and of clean transport , but i do believe that we have to generally press forward with more vigorous ecological renewal of our industrialised society if employment is to be generated and sustainable development advanced , as , without it , both these objectives will remain beyond our reach . promozione
efforts must now be made to tone down the rhetoric on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
it is important to emphasise that , in the new working world which is emerging , safeguarding mutual trust on all sides is the key to increasing productivity . versanti
of course , the european union has turned its back on the new gm technology which has dramatically reduced the reliance on pesticides by our friends and allies on the other side of the atlantic . pesticidi
that is the only way of dealing effectively on the criminal law side with the current difficulties in fighting fraud and corruption that are such a drain on the community budget . versante
there had been lobbying from the turkish side not to go , on the grounds that this was a sensitive time in turkey . esercitato
obviously we have to be cautious , and err on the side of safety . cauti
leaving such personal matters to one side , i congratulate this programme , and also the rapporteur , especially on his calls for european software , for more european content and for european services . tralasciando
i think , however and i say this in my report that a number of things have gone wrong , not on parliament 's side , but on the belgian side . belga
apart from the industrial policy aspect , the ecsc also had from the outset a strong social side that should not be underestimated . valenza
the accounting system must have an entry on both the assets and the liabilities sides as soon as a commitment is entered into , for example , and not wait until the payment has actually been made .  
i therefore call on the commission and the member states to find , without delay , a solution acceptable to all sides . parti
we can say that it is very well known in all member states , as well as the candidate countries , and , as i said , we work regularly with them in order to improve our preparedness and also to do more on the prevention side . fronte
let me say this in all seriousness to all the staff and officials of this house : where your legitimate interests are at stake , we are on your side , but do not use this historic day , when the admission of ten countries to the european union is at stake , as the occasion for enforcing interests that may or may not be legitimate . parte
first , if the czech younger generation in particular is able to move and develop in a wider democratic environment , the wounds that doubtless still exist on all sides will close and hopefully will one day heal completely . parti
mr president , today , in this house , we are witnessing an act of moral justice : european countries , countries which are just as european as those which are already part of the union but which , by a twist of fate , found themselves , through no fault of their own , on the wrong side of an artificial line drawn across our continent , are coming back to europe , coming back to us . tornano
to our deep regret , and certainly to our surprise as well , it was the turkish side that did not do so . parte
i know what the iron curtain meant , and i am also well aware of what an external border of the european union means today for those on both sides of the border . lati
i could just as easily have been born on the other side of the iron curtain , in which case i should have enjoyed far fewer opportunities than have been granted me in my life . parte
and with the same conviction we shall pursue the dialogues that still need to be conducted , whether they relate to the bene ? decrees , to nuclear power stations like temelin or to other power stations , secure in the knowledge that the pursuit of this dialogue benefits both sides , for enlargement is not a zero-sum game . parti
ladies and gentlemen , the current state of affairs , despite its dark side , might mark the start of an intensive debate as to what the european union intends to do from now on , especially now that we are in the middle of an open debate on the future of europe . aspetti
to say nothing of the totally failing defence effort on the european side . parte
the war in iraq is such a tragic event that we cannot be surprised if it has caused major divisions between the member states , but the first signs of repentance already seem to be appearing and there is already a strong temptation to join the winning side - the united states - once the battle is over , so to speak . ravvedimento
this is a long process which we must work on , so that europe may have a common defence policy , which is not in opposition to anybody , but in cooperation with our allies and also with the alliance with the other side of the atlantic . parte
the same demand was reformulated during the meeting of the ministerial troika with russia in athens on 24 january , when the russian side promised to examine the matter . parte
mr president , obviously this is not a question and obviously the european council is interested in exerting pressure on both sides . parti
what i said about humanitarian assistance in these situations applies precisely to both sides . parti
the pressure is directed at both sides , including morocco , to which the honourable member referred . parti
it is also actually as mr bowis probably knows , the view of the uk government - in the advice that it circulates to us and is more frequently sometimes copied on that side of the house than on this - that a reduction to 250 mg measurement may be necessary . lato
. ( fr ) advocating a common european army , as the report does , is not without its funny side , at a time when the uk army is close behind the us army in a terrible war in iraq while the other armies , by political choice or lack of capacity , are stating their opposition to the war . comico
there are several provisions in the association agreement for fundamental breaches by either side of essential elements , one of which is respect for democratic principles and human rights as set out in the universal declaration on human rights ( article 2 ) . parti
when the association agreement comes into force any human rights issue may be raised , and hopefully resolved , by either side at the appropriate association council or committee . dalla
the agreement , ratified here first and ratified on monday by the egyptian people 's assembly , will provide both sides with important safeguards and an additional forum to extend human and democratic rights . parti
we are particularly pleased that the two approaches represented by the differing sides of the debate in our committee - on the one hand wishing to retain a methodology to distinguish cogeneration from other forms of generation , and on the other hand wishing to maintain an accent on energy saving - have been retained in the famous annexes two and three , and that some accommodation between those two perspectives has been reached . schieramenti
as for the scientific , epidemiological side of the problem , according to the experts at the international organisations , we know in brief that a coronavirus which was unrecognised until its recent emergence is the cause of the syndrome . aspetto
but then that is the financial side of the matter . lato
my question is whether the commission would be willing to direct resources specifically to programmes for the vocational training and social reintegration of unita ex-combatants and for these programmes to be monitored by both sides . parti
for this reason , i would like to ask my fellow members of this house to help and support those in turkey who are really campaigning for democracy and human rights , and , when faced with provocations such as this , to be very careful in what they do and not allow themselves to be provoked and misused by the wrong side . sbagliate
the democratic forces need to know that we are by their side to ensure that the day when it is possible to live and speak freely in turkey comes as soon as possible . fianco
we express our brotherly solidarity with the people of turkey and stand by their side in their fight for democracy and peace , as recently expressed during the attack on iraq . parte
leaving to one side the debate on the legal basis , we believe that the council , too , is open to most of these amendments . che
i want to put to one side the debate that we are having on the legal basis and talk about the very important issue of employee participation , which should be to the fore for us in the european parliament tonight . NULL
the outcome from virtually all sides has been satisfactory . fronti
the decisions concerning this iraqi assistance fund and also covering decisions on licensing in the oil industry are to be taken by the occupying powers , and the iraqi side and the un are given a consultative role in those decisions on the basis of the draft resolution . spettare
i should like to add at this point that , in order to deal with the humanitarian crisis , cooperation between all the agencies involved is particularly important , so as to safeguard access to the country , as is independent and impartial action on all sides . parti
there is close contact between all sides without exception , which is helping us , on the one hand , to prevent splits in contacts between the member states and , on the other hand - and these intentions are indicative - to reach agreements despite any differences , to have open lines , to see as a matter of priority where there are bridges and how we can make use of them . NULL
the road map to peace sponsored by the quartet offers a solid basis for a resolution of this most difficult of issues in the middle east : the parties in the wider region , the blueprint for a lasting peace , a secure israel whose right to exist is recognised by the arab world , and a palestinian state living side by side with israel in harmony and peace . fianco
on the palestinian side an important step has , thank goodness , been taken in response to pressure from the us and principally from europe , with the appointment for the first time of a prime minister , abu mazen . versante
but the reaction on the israeli side , or to be precise on the part of mr sharon 's israeli government , is not exactly positive . israeliana
we would , of course , have had to leave aside a lot of the self-justification that we all tend to engage in on all sides . schieramento
now is the time for each of us , on both sides of the pond , to take a step back and allow things to calm down . sponde
i am very pleased that on this side of the house at least the majority of colleagues voted against the proposal to extend health benefits to retired members . parte
this wording which we have managed to get included , and this was an objective pursued on the european union side , gives the member states the facility to refuse assistance if they consider that the evidence , information etc. requested may lead to the imposition of the death penalty . parte
on the political side of euro-mediterranean cooperation , measures need to be taken that will improve mutual understanding between the partners , lead to the prevention of misunderstandings and , ultimately , create the preconditions for promoting cooperation in the security sector as well . NULL
these action plans will set out our common road map , and will contain objectives , timetables , modalities and monitoring mechanisms binding both sides in the same way . parti
for the eu-ukraine partnership and cooperation agreement , both sides have jointly produced a detailed analysis of what has been achieved and have jointly determined what further steps are required . parti
from the ukraine , belarus , moldavia , russia , the western balkans , the caucasus , the middle east , the other side of the mediterranean , peoples expect a great deal of the european union , of us . lato
perhaps mr ferber was referring to the fact that it only took three minutes in copenhagen to decide which cyprus protocol should be adopted , protocol a or protocol b , which confirmed that the two sides could not agree on a political solution in copenhagen either . parti
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the opportunity given to me today to refer to the relations between the european union and russia is exceptionally timely , given that the summit in st petersburg , which will be held at the end of may , has given occasion both here and in moscow for an integrated examination of the framework for cooperation between the two sides . parti
at the first level for reforming cooperation structures , the procedure has already borne fruit with specific proposals to the russian side . parte
a major issue that has dragged on in relations between the two sides , the signature of the multilateral nuclear environment and programme for russia , has already been set for the 21 may in stockholm . parti
it is clear that we all - my own group included - condemn the crimes that are being committed there by both sides , the bomb attacks as much as the crimes committed by the troops of the russian interior ministry . parti
it also states that the constitutional principle of collective equality between peoples that make up the country , which derives from the definition of bosnians , croatians and serbs as the peoples that make up the country , prohibits any special privilege for any one of these peoples , any predominance of one side in government structures or any ethnic homogenisation as the result of divisions on a territorial basis . parte
as far as agriculture is concerned , the situation is more complicated and repeated efforts by the president of the wto committee on agriculture , mr harbinson , were rejected by all sides for contradictory and mutually exclusive reasons . parti
consequently , positive links need to be pursued between issues in order to restore the momentum of the procedure , given that all sides know that there is no agreement until there is full agreement . parti
now , if i may pick out these as examples , i think that we have good arguments on our side . parte
although politically , expenses and remuneration are two sides of the same coin , their legal bases are distinct . facce
it cannot be put to one side , even if , in certain member states , ministers make so bold as to negotiate exemptions for their portfolios . parte
the issue of data protection to be implemented on both sides of the atlantic should be a case in point . sponde
all morning , it has been quite impossible to do any work in the offices on the side of the building facing the sun . lato
such a substantial increase is unacceptable - especially since we hear it stressed on every side how necessary pay restraint is in order to maintain employment . parte
we take the farmers ' side and support them in their proactive fight , which is the only way to secure their survival and protect the quality of products , the consumer and the environment . parte
mr president , as regards the issue of language learning beyond the official languages , that is to say , the regional languages , minority languages and also the issue of migration languages which has just been raised , i believe that these areas should indeed be kept separate , with the official languages , regional and minority languages on the one side , and the migration languages on the other . lato
if you visit any port in the european union - let 's take hamburg as an example - and sit down on the quayside , you have buses on one side which comply with the euro 4 limit and now produce virtually no particulate emissions , and on the other side you have ships - service barges , perhaps - where you can actually see the particulate matter being released . lato
it will be an opportunity to discuss issues which are important to both sides , to cooperate and address serious issues concerning international and / or bilateral developments and to overturn the climate which has often prevailed over all these recent months . parti
relations between the european union and the united states depend on traditional ties , the weighty role of the two sides on the international stage and their dynamism , despite the fact that over recent months they have been put to the test by a divergence of opinion on a series of issues . parti
finally , with regard to the transatlantic summit at the end of this month , it is very important to demonstrate the will of both sides to once again take up our responsibilities within a multilateral context , particularly at a time when there are signs of hope in the middle east peace process and an opportunity to work for the future of the united nations . entrambe
it was not by accident that we , or rather you , found yourselves on saddam 's side in actual fact , as regards iraq . parte
the result of this is that we will end up with a lengthy , unmanageable minefield of a document which will need to be refocused on what is in fact europe 's current priority , which has been pushed to one side since the beginning of the convention : that control of it by national democracies be improved . parte
there is greater understanding and effort on numerous sides . parti
we have already expressed our concern about the way in which religious foundations are treated and we continue to hope that the turkish side will keep its promises , so that , with the necessary additional reforms , the problems that have arisen can be dealt with in accordance with international norms . parte
they also cover the important chapter of justice and internal affairs , in which we are looking forward to improved cooperation from the turkish side and are promoting the conclusion of a community readmission agreement . parte
however , on the other side , the turkish side , certain practices are being observed , such as by the turkish air force , which are out of keeping with the aim of deeper relations between turkey and the union . parte
on cyprus there is a one-sided interpretation of events with no recognition of the positive steps taken by the turkish cypriot authorities , no call for generosity by both sides . turcocipriote
although these relations basically remain strong , it is clear that their modus operandi needs to be re-examined by both sides . parti
focusing attention on issues on which the union and the united states differ very often conceals this cooperation , which is appreciated by both sides . parti
following 11 september 2001 , our cooperation has extended beyond all expectations on both sides . parti
over and above what is being said about differences , there is very often ignorance on both sides of the atlantic about the essential and specific work being carried out jointly in order to combat terrorism . sponde
what is needed in the dialogue with the united states is for each side to be carefully informed of the other side 's opinions and mutual action . parti
those on both sides of the atlantic who are already engaged in the intensive preparations for next month 's eu-us summit to which the presidency referred and in finalising an impressive list of deliverables , should , i believe , be able to reassure the honourable member . NULL
it seems to my group that whereas in the 1980s the security partnership underpinned the transatlantic relationship and we had economic differences , now the economic market and integration on trade and investment are underpinning the transatlantic relationship , while the security side is looking somewhat fragile . appare
we must put the trauma of iraq to one side and , as the european union , draft a joint global strategy with the united states . parte
we on this side of the atlantic ocean have all the more reason to first search our own hearts . sponda
however , for that to happen , a better foundation is required at this side of the ocean . sponda
however , we have to realise that dialogue must involve both sides of the atlantic . sponde
there is no point using excellent fine words that we put on paper if we do not have the follow-through on both sides of the atlantic and if we do not deliver . sponde
similarly , i should like to ask him to tell us if the objections of the united states have been answered and if , in fact , as the american side maintains , there will be a danger of galileo interfering with the american gps frequencies , which in fact give priority to military requirements .  
both iraq and the middle east were discussed extensively with the iranian side during the last eu / iran ' broad dialogue ' meeting in athens on 29 april . controparte
having said that , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on the spirit in which he has approached this complicated subject and the way in which he has embraced amendments from all sides , certainly including some of my own . gruppi
the reason is that employee participation has an absolutely innovative character , both on the company and the employee side . dipendenti
for a long time little attention was paid to this and we looked too much at the technical side of the disease . aspetto
we have therefore sided with the rapporteur . appoggiato
after the last negotiations failed , the indonesian government proceeded to launch a large-scale military offensive which could easily degenerate into terrible excesses on both sides . parti
both sides have to adhere to international human rights and humanitarian law - and be seen to adhere to them . parti
in other words , we are still ready to help to encourage a process of national reconciliation , but there must also be signs that such a reconciliation process is desired and pursued by all sides . parti
this in turn weakens our position within the acp meetings too , where we are , after all , trying to get our african partner countries on our side , and that is certainly no easy task . sposare
the roadmap , which was produced by the quartet , has finally been accepted by both sides , by palestinians and by the israeli government . parti
on the positive side , i would highlight the quartet meeting on friday of the envoys to the region , headed by mr moratinos representing the european union , which has been positive and which will allow us to hold a new meeting on sunday of the quartet in amman , which will be attended by its principal leaders . NULL
the aim of this meeting will be to consider how we can continue to promote the process which was opened up following the meetings in sharm el sheik and aqaba , which led to the approval of the roadmap by both sides . parti
there is one fact which i believe to be irrefutable and that is that , since the beginning of the second intifada , there have been more than 2 700 victims on the palestinian side and almost 800 on the israeli side . fronte
it is vitally important that the parties proceed with the implementation of the roadmap elaborated by the international community , and that each side fully meets their obligations under this plan . assolva
i appreciate the difficulties that remain regarding the issues of refugees and settlements but i do call on leaders from both sides to stand firm in their support of the roadmap . parti
its policy also consists of supporting the extremists on both sides , both the israeli and the palestinian extremists , at times using machiavellian practices that are sinister when one dares to look closely at them . parti
then , alongside that , there is this european policy - or at least there would be this european policy if europe existed - that is actually the policy of france and consists of doing exactly the opposite , in other words supporting the moderates on both sides , both israeli and palestinian . parti
in connection with israel and the palestinians , may i ask you to check whether the efforts are being requested from both sides ? parti
no-one should underestimate the significance of this initiative , at a time when despite the terrible violence on both sides , a rare opportunity for moving forward has now finally presented itself . parti
the roadmap is specific on a number of points , not least an immediate cessation of violence on both sides , an initial freezing of settlements and their eventual dismantling , and a willingness on the part of the palestinian authority to face up to its historical responsibilities , and rein in the men of violence . parti
in the meantime there is much work for the eu to do to convince both sides of the arab-israeli problem that peace is the only real option available in the long term . parti
there have to be the right actors on both sides , and of course there also has to be pressure from the united states on israel . parti
i do not take the view that europe is acting unilaterally if it puts appropriate pressure on both sides - on israel and the palestinians . parti
we do not want violence from the other side - and mr nordmann , if i recall the debate in committee , what else is the settlement activity , which is illegal under international law , but violence ? controparte
as long as such people exist in israel and on the palestinian side , we must do everything we can to press for peace in the middle east with hope and confidence . palestinesi
both sides of industry are following these developments very closely with us in a sectoral social committee . parti
in a way , we have become experts in detecting , attacking and dealing with this kind of device , and we are constantly improving our information system , together with our partners on both sides of industry , so that we can detect such practices better , sooner and more quickly , since in many cases they are in fact incompatible with international trade rules . parti
the draft act has , i believe , come down decisively on one side of the line . delinei
a proper model is provided in terms of the general trend of the measures proposed , that is to say support for capacity-building , reform of the energy sector , management of the demand side , diversification of supply and the development of suitable regulations , financial mechanisms and public-private partnerships . domanda
however , as the biggest fisheries player in the area , we have a responsibility to lead the process and to promote responsible fisheries , first of all , on our own side . parte
may i insist , in order to avoid any misunderstandings , that we side with those who , in iran , uphold the values of human rights and democracy , so that acts of despair no longer take place ? parte
he also knew how to enjoy the pleasant sides of his job . aspetti
the current situation is , therefore , that different eco-labels may exist side by side even if they cover the same aspects . coesistere
when we alighted from the bus - and i should particularly like to thank you for inviting the group chairmen to this event , something that should set a precedent for other ceremonial occasions in the european union - i had the good fortune to be able to accompany the first freely elected prime minister of poland , tadeusz mazowiecki , down the steps at the side of the acropolis to the stoa attalou , and we talked about the great change in europe and the desire of the people of central and eastern europe to live in freedom . lato
mr president , mr president-in-office , looking at the balance sheet of the greek presidency , the items on the plus side of the ledger well outnumber those on the negative side . passivo
cyprus , if there is the cooperation expected from the turkish side which , unfortunately , there has still not been but we hope that there will be , can constitute a standard for the coexistence of different nations within the same state . parte
mr blair sees this as the condition for greater liberalisation , while others , on the same side of the political chessboard , believe that it is the condition for the advent of social europe . parte
i very much hope that the serb , roma and ashkali refugees will at last be able to return to kosovo so that the conditions can be put in place to enable them to live there side by side . ashkali
i am also pleased that the commission will be tabling a proposal shortly in which it will indicate how gmo farming , organic farming and traditional farming can continue to exist side by side . coesistere
of course there have been expressions of different views by many sides during the course of the debate over the last two years and , indeed , in this chamber this afternoon . punti
the main side here is as criminal as the production side . parte
as you know , we relaunched the process last year and , since then , negotiators on both sides have been working relentlessly to make progress on its various aspects . parti
we must consequently raise the level of confidence in the system on both sides and this is what we are working on . parti
we simply have to increase both sides ' level of confidence in the system . interlocutori
there has been continual whining about the eu meddling in everything and being overly protective , and they have been asking when the europolice are going to start lighting bonfires piled with dangerous cookery books and whether soon we will have to eat wearing a helmet on our head , just to be on the safe side . sicuro
that also requires a degree of familiarisation on our side . parte
i would like to make a request to everyone , no matter what side of the house you are on , that certain debates taking place in all the member states of the european union should not be escalated to european level , and in that way prevent us from achieving our objectives at that level . ala
issues such as environmental protection that are the subjects of conflict between the two sides of the atlantic , should be approached on a more pragmatic basis . sponde
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , constitutional reform and economic reforms in europe today are merely two sides of the same coin . facce
we are working on this side by side with the european investment bank , and we shall be making the same effort in the field of research , without which europe will be a lost continent . fianco
this effect , which comes from the supply side also , however , needs support from the demand side , and it is precisely public procurement that can have an impact on that when it can be shown that there are grounds for including environmental criteria in an invitation to tender . offerenti
the most basic rule is the necessary harmony , the necessary synergy between all the institutions , all the bodies , all the organisations which are involved in putting into practice the objectives of the single sky - efficiency , safety and keeping costs down - and , therefore , first and foremost , focus , punctuality and the definition of a clear relationship between eurocontrol - the agency which has dealt with the technical expertise side of managing the european skies - and the commission , the european union . piano
i ask you to consider on which side you are fighting . parte
for years , none has been found ; the transit issue is a ten-year saga of omissions by one side and then by the other . saga
it must be clear that the scheme will end , that the derogations will end , that the rule of law will be restored , after which we will seek for the whole alpine region , for both sides of the alps , to establish the precautions which will take us to 2006 by cutting emissions , because this is what we all want , but no one must be under the illusion that we can make anything other than a very few changes . illuda
i hope , indeed i ask , that at least some of you will , when you vote tomorrow , also listen to the other side and consider their rights too . parte
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is four and a half years since the european single currency , the euro , first saw the light of day with an exchange rate of 1.17 to the dollar , which was , at that time , intended to adequately reflect price levels on the two sides of the atlantic . lati
the amendment does not seek , in any way , to inhibit any of the benefits for those on all sides of this agreement , but merely seeks to review this potential loophole . parti
madam president , i often visit businesses and people on the border between denmark and germany and hear again and again about the problems of living on one side of the border and working on the other side . versante
there are obviously linguistic barriers to taking up work on the other side of the border , but the different ways in which the tax and social security systems are set up are also of very great importance . parte
the statements made by the commission 's representative , richard wright , have certainly been interpreted with some special purpose in mind on both sides . parti
sometimes there is some misinterpretation on the other side , or some attempt to bounce the debate on our side , but we have been absolutely clear and absolutely consistent in our contacts with our russian colleagues . parte
i would also like to ask what sort of possibilities you see here for bringing together companies and organisations to make collaborations constructive and advantageous for both sides . parti
i am pleased tonight that members on all sides of the house have supported the principle of a legally-binding convention . appartenenza
we have tried everything and i feel that the answer is simply to take a harder line , so much so that a socialist member was prompted to say ' we hope that fidel castro , who is 77 years old , will die , so that ? ' , for , quite frankly , fidel castro has been a thorn in our side for some time now . indurimento
by concentrating the debate on the rights and wrongs of a un resolution , we are in fact in a deadlock , as neither side is at present able to overcome yesterday 's divisions . parti
as british conservatives , we are insistent that , in return for enhanced development assistance , recipient countries should implement their side of the bargain , namely good governance , the rule of law and respect for human rights . parte
it is undisputed that the eu spends substantial sums of money on development assistance and makes every effort to conclude a variety of partnership and cooperation agreements in the different regions of the world , for both sides ' benefit . parti
both sides in those discussions produced input - this is not dictated by one side . parti
we stand at their side unhesitatingly and express our admiration and our gratitude to them . fianco
i am sure that all sides of the house desire that outcome strongly . parti
since arafat and abu mazen are making constant demands for europe to take a firmer stance in the peace process , and for that process not to remain in the hands of the united states , and if , as mr solana says , europe really is one of the biggest contributors to abu mazen 's profile , why do we not , instead of creating divisions between the parties , devote ourselves to upholding abu mazen and his policies , to upholding the prestige of the european union against the other side ? parte
the meps of the communist party of greece take side unreservedly with the fighting palestinian people and condemn efforts to maintain the current situation and perpetuate the problem , as contained in the quartet 's road map , which has obviously collapsed . schierano
the new element is that , on completion of the indictment , milosevic was given a mere three months in which to prepare the presentation of his side , at a time when everyone knows both the state of his health and the fact that he has no outside help and refuses to legitimise the entire procedure . difesa
we on this side of the house are not prepared to let that happen . ala
we are prepared to back parliament 's rapporteur and look to the other side of this house to do the same . ala
at that time , i called for the reserves to be increased in order to be on the safe side in the event of supplies being interrupted . chiesi
on the positive side , the directive will lead to harmonisation and clarity in the member states . versante
there has been respect on both sides for the fact that we are the two arms of the budgetary authority . parti
up to now we have always put the emphasis on the quantitative side of this . aspetto
is it not time we focused more on the qualitative side of the solutions , like mr pittella is doing with the structural funds ? aspetto
you cannot have a dialogue when one side does not explain its reasoning for what it is doing . parte
the member states will therefore not keep the promises they made at the donor conference for afghanistan , despite the fact that it is increasingly turning out that these promises were on the low side anyway . modeste
the committee on budgets will have to decide whether to take sides with the council or with the commission and the court of justice . stare
finally , it would seem that both sides have now seen reason to some extent . parti
the situation for those who have atypical jobs is not satisfactory either , especially when it comes to the supplementary pensions on which the two sides of industry are agreeing . parti
on the other hand , i disagree with a number of the amendments before us from the left side of the house where the investment of pensions savings in shares and bonds is clearly seen as an evil in itself . ala
with the victory for the ' no ' side in the swedish referendum on the euro , we have obtained slightly greater freedom when it comes both to economic and to pensions policy . fronte
now is the time to put the disappointment to one side ; making headway in the debate on the directive is the next step in an inevitable direction . accantonare
but being entirely inflexible on the european side will not necessarily obtain more flexibility from our counterparts . parte
second , the result would be a transfer of data that - despite being legal in the eu - would still lack any significant protection on the american side . parte
the solution needs to be found as a matter of urgency , and must respect the law on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
secondly we can fight international terrorism only on the basis of trust between the usa and europe , trust that was damaged through both sides apportioning blame and must be re-established . parti
we have told the two sides via various channels that they must , without fail , take concrete measures straight away to halt the violence and to avoid any action which could prevent a return to the negotiating table . NULL
unless an international military peacekeeping force is used to keep the two sides off each other , i do not believe that a solution will be possible . contendenti
a number of participants , from both sides , expressed the belief that theirs was , in effect , a ' twenty-second century conflict ' : a war that would last a hundred years , blighting the lives of their grandchildren 's children . parti
if the two sides have strayed from the roadmap 's path of peace and reconciliation , we must coax them back . parti
both sides have to realise that there can be no military solution to this conflict . parti
two states , living side by side in peace - that is the only viable solution . fattibile
on the israeli side there has been a failure to meet commitments , to dismantle settlement outposts and to freeze settlement activity . versante
the palestinian side has also been unable to fulfil many of its commitments on the issue of future security . canto
the whole thing is summed up in the title of phase i - ending terror and violence , normalising palestinian life , building palestinian institutions - and its aim is to bring about an immediate and unconditional end to violence on the palestinian side . parte
it would be far too simple to attribute responsibility to one side alone , but it must give us pause for thought when abraham burg , a member of the israeli knesset whom we welcomed to this house some time ago , tells us that the israel of today has the choice between jewish radicalism and democracy , settlements or hope for both peoples , the deceptive visions of barbed wire , street blockades and suicide attacks or an international border between two states and jerusalem as their shared capital . parte
the two protagonists and their international supporters can argue interminably , and sometimes even convincingly , to justify their sides ' violence . commessa
the two sides have to be kept apart , but the normal constraints of morality , self-discipline and the rule of law have been drowned in a seething reservoir of hatred and revenge . parti
as things now stand , neither side will stand back for long enough to allow these intense emotions to abate . parti
a realistic appeal can then be made to both sides for restraint while the force is being organised and deployed . parti
the way forward is for both sides to get together around a table . parti
there is much to be done if both sides can get together . parti
a solution should be sought not by military means , but by way of politics and -diplomacy , but one of the key problems is that the leaders on both sides - and i mean on both sides - are in a weak position . parti
despite this , there still seems to be goodwill , as is evident , among other things , from the proposal to release a number prisoners from each side . parte
this is a good basis for a compromise and i think that colleagues from all sides of the house will support this compromise budget provision . ala
at the same time , reasonable maximum values need to be applied to limit the side effects caused by the inhalation of paints and varnishes by tradesmen and handymen . collaterali
i am pleased that in committee we had 110 votes and the liberal democrats were on the winning side in 103 of these , striking the balance between the two alternative views . vincente
if we move without transparency and without account being taken of the citizens ' side , then we fail as a european institution at a crucial turning point in the overall development . agiamo
transparency and commitments are two sides of the same coin . facce
i now turn , however , to arms policy : after the operations in the balkans , we were told repeatedly by the american side that europe only spent 50 % of what the americans spend on defence , but that measured in terms of efficiency it was only 10 % . parte
as mr menéndez del valle has observed in his draft report , any peace plan depends on the honest commitment of both sides – and , i would add , of the international community – to implement it . parti
on the israeli side , polls show that the majority of the population favour the two-state solution , although , according to many observers , a large part of the current israeli government will not accept the creation of a genuine palestinian state on the west bank . NULL
both palestinians and israelis will , in fact , be left on both sides of the dividing line , many palestinians will be subjected to great humanitarian suffering and some of the settlements will be left on the other side of the wall . parti
both sides have signed up to the creation of a palestinian state in the west bank and gaza strip and to a guarantee of secure borders for the state of israel , not to mention full acceptance of israel by all countries in the region . NULL
the international community must now do everything it can to persuade , coax and put pressure on both sides to honour the commitments they have made . allettarle
for this reason , a further effort is required from the european union , the united states , the united nations and russia to ensure that the actors on both sides start talking to each other again . parti
if our outlook were more balanced , more pragmatic and more objective , we would not be seen by one of the sides involved as being of little consequence in resolving the israeli-palestinian conflict . parti
there are probably arguments in favour of both sides . uni
yet on the other hand , when it comes to taking final decisions and to providing final guarantees to one side or the other that its people can live in peace and security in this territory in the long term , the european community in its present state is obviously still too weak to make this vital contribution . parte
mr president , let me join in with members across the house in expressing deep regret for the deaths on all sides in recent attacks in the middle east . parti
i am very glad to see that the commission is on our side on this , but it needs to put much more pressure on the british government to behave in a responsible manner . parte
this is a challenge to politicians throughout europe and more particularly to both sides of the rail industry . parti
liberalisation of the passenger side must proceed step by step . gradi
in my own country of belgium , for example , the railways ’ share of the transport markets is falling ; in ten years the number of private sidings has fallen to a third of its former level ; this means that the rail industry has not furnished proof of its efficiency , and as a result of this it has been gradually shedding jobs . raccordo
if you no longer have the people on your side , you will soon be very alone , and the commission will find that far from pleasant . parte
once again i hope that the council too will adopt them , but to be on the safe side this parliament has amended all the preparatory actions and all the pilot projects in both category i and category iii should the council reject the actions in category i. i can only recommend : try to finance it from category i. the margin is greater here than in category iii . parte
i believe – i am not speaking in my personal capacity but on behalf of several members , who have waged this fight side by side with the commissioner throughout the work carried out on this proactive and important directive – that we are talking here about vital issues , and this is something that needs to be said ! fianco
as i told the relevant parliamentary committee in the first half of september , i cannot as yet conclude that there is adequacy on the other side of the ocean . lato
it is true that differing opinions on the other side of the ocean with respect to expected loss and unexpected loss have caused a small postponement of a few months . oltreoceano
the commission proposal attempts to achieve an absolute minimum size of stock , sets guidelines for setting total allowable catches ( tacs ) , introduces fishing limitation through kilowatt days and deals with the monitoring , inspection and control side of fisheries management chilowatt
moreover , we refuse to accept that , in the name of a highly selective fight against terrorism , which leaves state terrorism to one side , every freedom should be attacked . attacchi
in the course of the last few years , this policy has taken the form of state terrorism , as despicable as the individual terrorism it has engendered on the palestinian side , but using very different methods . palestinesi
i have spoken before of the need for imaginative gestures from both sides in this conflict . parti
as the european parliament must always do , it rejects violence on all sides , as the only way of supporting the road map for peace in the middle east . rifiuta
yes , we believe both sides must honour the association agreements with ourselves in the european union , but we do not believe the threat of quick suspension of those agreements is a constructive step at this stage . parti
instead of disputing each other ’ s right to exist and forcing neighbouring peoples to emigrate , they would live peacefully side by side from then on , without humiliation , obstacles or fear . fianco
then , however , the extremes on both sides saw another chance to sow the seeds of hatred . parti
lastly , it is indeed crucial to enhance , encourage and assist the entrepreneurial side of industry , always seeking economic effectiveness at the same time as social and human effectiveness . dimensione
that is why we need civil servants , lawyers and also officers from the armed services to act as advisors to both sides . parti
to achieve lasting peace in nepal , an open and democratic society , and progress and prosperity for all , all sides must honour the armistice of 19 january as well as the code of conduct which was signed by both the maoist insurgents and the government on 13 march 2003 . schieramenti
as long ago as march , both sides were given a code of conduct , whereupon rebel leaders were released from prison . parti
should the two sides need a mediator from outside , the eu is eminently capable of performing that role , we europeans enjoying a high degree of acceptance throughout south-east asia . parti
this opened the way for negotiations with the government to start once again , even though there is a wide gulf between the two sides . parti
i have always been in favour and have always said that the issue needs to be tackled from both sides . facce
what we , and many sides , are describing means , however , that one already has . speculando
we need turkey on our side . fianco
finally , with regard to cyprus , i agree there are strong possibilities for the two communities to reach a comprehensive settlement , but this requires goodwill and flexibility on sides and indeed pressure from the commission on both sides . entrambe
on the political side of things , quite frankly , the proceedings of the intergovernmental conference have not , however , to date brought any progress at all . piano
on the education side , we can accept in part , or in spirit , a group of amendments , namely amendments 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , which seek to amend , by making amendments as part of the 2004 budgetary process , the total amount of funding and the maximum and minimum percentages of that funding reserved for each activity in the programme . NULL
we will not truly have a single market in the area of passenger cars and road vehicles until we all start driving on the same side of the road so that we can all have either left-hand or right-hand drive cars . lato
the nice social agenda is very important for the perfectly simple reason that europe and european citizens are expecting the social side of europe to develop further after the introduction and coming into force of emu , the euro , and the stability and growth pact . parte
another important issue in connection with enlargement is the dialogue between the two sides of industry . parti
although it is the insurers that compensate the direct damage , the damage incurred in the long term , because the meat is no longer bought for fear of threats from a few gangs of thuggish breton farmers , is a thorn in my side . fianco
is it more christian to walk by on the other side and leave our fellow human beings lying in the ditch on the road to jericho , smitten by parkinson 's disease , alzheimer 's disease or spinal injury ? parte
the directive now before us is important for efforts to achieve the same end from the demand side by making costs visible to consumers . versante
every day , in the face of events in vietnam , cambodia and throughout the world , we , and mr solana and others , as in the case of the former yugoslavia , essentially side with milosevic against those fighting for democracy . accanto
our side was nonetheless able to gain acceptance for the idea that the member states should be able to ensure that the competent authority can insist on prior authorisation for the provision of port services , so this is still left to the member states ’ discretion . siamo
at the end , after the conciliation process , absolutely none of the people affected are on your side – none whatever ! parte
we may well not always be on the same side , but , in this instance , mr president of the commission , we are glad of your support , for our allies are thin on the ground where this is concerned . parte
mr president-in-office of the council , the present treaties state that decisions on the trans-european networks , including the priority list – perhaps the president-in-office of the council would be so kind as to listen to me , and the honourable gentleman could perhaps move to one side – according to the present treaties , the revision of the trans-european networks is subject to codecision by the council and parliament and is not within the decision-making competence of the european council . parte
we on this side of the house support the idea of true and honest cost-benefit assessments that take account of all the costs and benefits . ala
i would appeal to the igc to listen to this parliament , to the convention and the 200 parliamentarians - from all sides of the political spectrum , both in government and in opposition right across europe who produced the convention document . spettro
the commission is very wrong to put adherence to the rules side by side with political judgment . torto
why , mr tremonti , have you not elected to play your role as independent chairman on the side of the stability and growth pact , as proposed by the commission ? parte
if we look at economic growth on both sides of the atlantic , we see a dogmatic europe and a pragmatic america . altra
however , mr friedrich ’ s reaction demonstrates that , unfortunately , for some meps on both sides of the house , the only purpose of their membership of this parliament is self-enrichment and deceit . lati
it was not easy to strike a balance and achieve an agreement on all sides of parliament . condiviso
. – the intergovernmental conference in naples had no trouble whatsoever in agreeing on the further militarisation of the european union , in that no-one raised the slightest objection to the εu ’ s becoming a global policeman at the side of the usa . fianco
in that case , we too on our side of the house could support this if you regard it as feasible . parte
the fact that an agreement was struck between parliament and the council is , in no small measure , due to the unstinting efforts of the rapporteur , who made every effort to keep all the political groups on side and who vigorously defended the views of parliament with the other institutions . strenuamente
a satisfactory compromise is proposed today on voluntary and unpaid donation and the non-profit character of the procurement of tissues and cells as such , which reflects the goodwill on all sides . reperimento
we talk about the lisbon strategy in which the two sides of industry and the social dialogue are also important . parti
it is much better to leave this on one side for now and see how the directive begins to work and come back to this in the future . parte
the right of veto is not an expression of democratic will and our institutions cannot side step the rules of democracy . sottrarsi
nevertheless , the legal status of the members is a patchwork that is falling apart on all sides . sfaldano
there remains , as others have said , an extremely worrying reluctance on all sides to work together , to co-exist , to cooperate and to work for reconciliation . parti
indeed , with the establishment of the eu-china dialogue on human rights , an important vehicle has been created in which both sides can exchange opinions and develop projects aimed at fostering tangible improvements . parti
it is not for this house to warn only one side against taking unilateral and perilous courses of action ; rather , it should also urge the other side to be sensible and hold back , to endeavour to leave the way open to peaceful agreement . parti
people who claim justice is on their side should be careful and consider whether they are really the saints they think they are . i
one side effect of the regulation will be to reduce the gap in the terms of competition between budget and traditional airlines . collaterale
in conclusion , this deal could have been even better had colleagues on that side of the house stood firmer in conciliation . ala
this is a major problem , and one that we must not put to one side by giving immediate authorisation to cultivate and market gmos , as called for by the commission . concedendo
i believe that , on the other side of the atlantic , despite the fact that i understand their reaction , at the same time there is also an arrogant approach to europe , an intention to deal with the problems unilaterally . americani
i believe that we shall make it clear to the other side that we want to work together but , at the same time , we want to be on an equal footing with them , and the european commission can help decidedly in this direction . siamo
we cannot afford , in either financial or human terms , to make room for woolly interpretations by one side or the other . parte
clearly , both sides are of the opinion that the timetable put forward by the commission is over-ambitious . parti
we do not , on this occasion , have to take sides in the confrontation between those in favour of , and those against , nuclear energy . stare
in the øresund area , universities and business enterprises on both the danish and swedish sides formed a consortium and put forward proposals as to how good conditions could in practice be created for locating precisely this it security agency in the area . consorzio
i will give you a prediction : there will be little on the assets side of the balance sheet where quality , security of provision or price stability are concerned . colonna
as a public representative for the east coast of ireland , i am at all times conscious of the threat posed to my constituents and our environment from nuclear installations on the other side of the irish sea , in particular the outdated , decrepit and accident-prone sellafield plant in cumbria . sponda
i believe that the eu has a duty to encourage a balanced approach to farming areas , based on criteria of proportionality and suitability , without overlooking national identities or the side effects of agriculture . collaterali
the situation is similar on the american side – bob zoellick will not be coming back again either – and nor is the geostrategic situation straightforward ; look at the way things are shaping up in india , look at china or at brazil . versante
we in the animal welfare and conservation movements welcome the late conversion of british conservatives to the side of animal welfare in this regard . favore
i myself attended the last meeting in brussels ; it was an open dialogue , not only between the eu delegation and the iranian side but also within the iranian delegation itself . iran
potentially , there is thus a dual crisis attacking us from both sides . fronti
i too know that it is a problem at the level of the ukrainian government , but there are also political forces in the ukraine that are very clearly facing up to this problem at the moment ; they are on the side of the european parliament , which has stated that this problem must be solved . parte
it was not easy , but nevertheless we succeeded , in unesco , in persuading the nations of the world to stand side by side with us in order to preserve that which we all hold most dear . fianco
the breach of the stability and growth pact by france and germany , which ecofin permitted on 25 november , or the vetoes from all sides that prevented the european constitution from being adopted are just the most blatant examples of a kind of euro-selfishness that must be firmly stamped upon straight away , before everything becomes more difficult in the europe of 25 . incrociati
this is the only way that people will be willing to contribute to the social side of this process of economic modernisation . versante
more generally speaking , however , rather than simply ignoring this trouble spot , the european union needs to do more on both sides to drive the peace process forward . fronti
we have the duty to legislate not in the interests of some arrogant lobbyist but in the general interest : hearing the arguments put by all sides and reaching an individual decision is the primary duty of those mandated to work on behalf of the community . lobbista
i and a number of my colleagues on this side of the house feel that keeping the five distinct levels of professional qualification and the definition of them is important . ala
it presents all sides very fairly , but it does not shrink from making a number of important and sharply-focused recommendations . presentare
we are perfectly well aware of that but , rather than pointing the finger at one side only , we must look for effective measures . muovere
of course not everything is ideal in the dominican republic on the other side of the border , but , all the same , the fact that millions of europeans and americans go there as tourists and at least bring some money into the country is an indicator that things cannot be that terrible . parte
it will become increasingly difficult for us and for many member states in the council to act as if this is an issue that can be set to one side for many months and years . accantonata
it is astonishing how the conservatives and christian democrats in this house have refused to talk in terms of the social market economy , and i can tell the members on the other side of the house that they can correct their group ’ s embarrassing mistake in the committee on economic and monetary affairs in tomorrow ’ s plenary vote , by voting in favour of our amendments . ala
others say that space cannot be developed without state funding , and they are right about that , but they add that the only way to obtain such funding within the framework of competition is to develop the military side . applicazioni
i would also warn about the anger of the grass-roots movement if an attempt is made to use space to serve defence and security policy , a clearly aggressive policy which aims to turn the european union into a second global policeman at the side of the united states of america . accanto
it does of course have consequences that affect us given the investment agreed by the european side , in particular to keep the international station accessible to european astronauts . astronauti
– mr president , president-in-office of the council , commissioner , to be honest , it is quite bizarre that at the very time when we are seeing ever more globalisation with global politics and economics becoming more interdependent – think of the number of multinationals around – and unfortunately , also as criminal organisations begin to operate and cooperate internationally , the united nations is proving weak in certain areas and at this very time is often pushed to one side . angolo
some people see this as a justification for pushing the united nations to one side – and often these are the very people who have used their veto to prevent the united nations from taking rapid action , as in the case of the situation in the middle east . angolo
as regards weapons of mass destruction , we stand firmly on the side of non-proliferation , but our instinctive european response is for engagement and not for isolation . schieriamo
on all sides the goal was the same : to try to prevent a bloody , destabilising and irresponsible conflict . parti
we condemn all external intervention and call for all governments to stand by the side of the grass-roots forces in columbia so that the bloodshed and the activities of the paramilitary forces stop , peace is protected and human rights are respected . schierarsi
if the united states wants to achieve convergence with us before we adopt a position , we would appreciate having a clear view from its side on this crucial topic quickly . controparte
not that there is anything intrinsically wrong with that ; but there are , after all , different financial structures within the european union and around the world , with different rules , and not every rule that works on one side of the atlantic must likewise be applicableon the other . parte
i would hope that members on all sides of the house could support that . parte
decisions can be made between both sides of industry : trade unions and employers will get together and decide what they want to do on the working time directive . parti
i am certain that the right-hand side of the chamber too will appreciate that this would be very unfortunate for the european economy . considerata
i am encouraged by the growing confidence of acp parliamentarians , and that has been demonstrated , as mrs flesch says , by the extensive participation now from both sides in the debates we are having . contraddistingue
there are structures in place and both sides must now make effective use of them . parti
this will require an increase in resources on the acp side and quite possibly , a change in mentality on both , because the eu partner will also change following the accession of ten new countries . parte
these are two major and important political issues of precisely the kind that our assembly should engage with , for they are about finding sound forms of cooperation in which both sides learn from each other and support the policy we consider to be important in the international arena . parti
this weekend , there were rumours in the dutch press that chicken meat from those countries would enter the european union after all via a side entrance , namely via the new acceding countries . secondario
in the meantime , it is a well-known fact that the geneva convention on refugees has been torn to shreds from one side of the european union to the other . parte
thus , it is not a matter of ministers of the interior or ministers for justice at jha level combining to think up new repressive measures , but the obverse side of the coin , which is about the rights of individuals and the right to fully enjoy an area of freedom , security and justice . lato
we must recognise that insecurity and burgeoning opium poppy production are two sides of the same coin . facce
mr president , the european union does indeed have every interest in creating an area of stability , security and democracy on the other side of the mediterranean , and therefore any efforts it devotes towards this are by no means wasted . sponda
unfortunately – i have had some experience as the originator of this democracy programme – it is now rather bureaucratic and errs on the side of safety . burocratizzato
with the recent excellent upgrading of the mediterranean forum to parliamentary assembly , a huge step has been taken towards democratic dialogue and creative consultation and understanding between the partners on both sides of the mediterranean . sponde
my group hopes that europe will learn from this and take the side of the iranian people and their resistance organisations from now on . parte
i happen to think that demography is strongly on the side of democracy in iran . demografia
although it is a matter of urgency , mr president , that an ad hoc european delegation be sent to cambodia as an initial measure , we must not forget that the fundamental duty of the european union is to continue to provide permanent and voluntary assistance to phnom penh , side by side with all the people involved . penh
it should therefore be worded in slightly more neutral terms , in that ‘ the authorities ’ should be replaced by ‘ the iranian side ’ . parte
i understand the criticism regarding chechnya and sasnovibor , for example , but they are part of the very cooperation that we must now build and eventually obtain results from , so that the benefits are discernible on both sides and in order to end all these peculiar threats , which are inappropriate with regard to the sort of cooperation we need in this day and age . parti
the fact that relations between the eu and russia are now more unpredictable than for a time is the fault of both sides . parti
if mr kronberger joins us , he will be on the right side . parte
there are areas where we on this side of the house would have liked more progress , be this the three-to-six-month timescale , the prevention of expulsions or the definition of humanitarian reasons , etc . NULL
there is also a more sinister side to this counterfeiting and piracy . sinistro
here we have to combine the cultures of 15 – and soon 25 – states and , of course , the freedom of proposal from all sides . parte
during that time , settlements have been built , and the signing of the oslo peace accord has brought the two sides closer together . parti
no one on the palestinian side is exploited through the association agreement . parte
we are not talking about something in order to contribute to the peace or to bring the sides to the table , but rather we are talking about a legal loophole with no repercussions , not even economic . parti
however , i agree with those who say that it is time to look at wider measures to do with suspending this ec-israel association agreement , because that agreement contains an important human rights clause that states that if there are human rights abuses on either side of the agreement , then that agreement should be suspended . parti
anyone arguing the other side of the case finds themselves increasingly isolated , and sharing a stand with president bush and his ‘ mexico city policy ’ . contraria
the fact is that i am also responsible for the international side of agricultural matters . rientrano
while there has been particular public focus on the institutional side of things , i can assure parliament that our discussions with partners are not limited to those aspects of the draft constitutional treaty . aspetti
if there is a will to compromise – and let there be no doubt that without some compromise on all sides there will be no agreement – then i believe it should be possible to move things forward rapidly . parte
on the institutional side , there are obvious issues to be resolved , including the questions of representation in parliament , voting in the council and the composition of the commission , while detailed suggestions have been made in relation to the eu foreign minister and the presidency of the council ministries . fronte
on the non-institutional side , there are different approaches to the question of the extent of qualified majority voting in the council . fronte
bulgaria 's accession process has so far been characterised by commitment and good faith on all sides and a shared determination to meet the many deadlines involved . parti
the full and proper integration of the roma into mainstream society in bulgaria requires changes on both sides . parti
i have come to have great doubts as to where the problem really lies , whether it is only with the future member states or whether it is not also for a large part on our side . parte
we must , however , recognise that the historical step of enlargement raises legitimate questions and fears on both sides in view of the challenge of reuniting two worlds which have , unfortunately , in recent decades reached very different stages of development . lato
the job of this coordinator will be to advise the promoters of the project with regard to funding and assessment and also to promote synchronised development on each side of the border in the case of trans-european projects , as well as to carry out the different administrative procedures accompanying this type of project . lati
both sides have to give way . parti
i would not wish to deny that profits may well accrue from this to austria , which suffers a great deal from heavy goods vehicle traffic , but i do hope that we will receive support from all sides of this house ; this is not about self-centred interests , but about those of europe as a whole , and when it comes to pursuing and maintaining those , we should as far as possible be in agreement . ala
the haparandabanan line is a missing linkit is a mature project that involves the upgrading and new construction of railways on the swedish side in order to raise the standard , and a rational track gauge shifting facility at the national border in haparanda - torneå . selettore
. – i said in a previous reply that one must understand both sides in this difficult situation . parti
i said in a previous reply that what we all aspire to in the middle east is a situation where the palestinian and israeli peoples can live side by side in peace and respect each other 's cultural positions – a situation where young palestinian men and women do not aspire to becoming suicide bombers and where young israeli women and men do not have to consider going into the army or the dangers of being blown up on their streets . fianco
i am interested to see that this is a tremendous preoccupation of colleagues on the other side of the house . lato
both sides have benefited from cooperation under the fifth framework programme : israel gains access to a more extensive network of research institutes , while the eu is able to tap israel ’ s innovative potential . parti
let me conclude by thanking all those , on every side , with whom i have had discussions – those in favour , those against , those who will benefit and those who wanted changes made – from whom i have had a great deal of support and with whom i have , in any case , been able to have very calm and relaxed dialogue . circostanza
this has to do with the continuation of cooperation and dialogue that are already going on in scientific and technological circles , and that benefit both sides . parti
at first glance , this sentence may seem negative , but it also has a positive side , which is that people ’ s lives are getting longer . risvolto
i unreservedly condemn the atrocities carried out by both sides in this conflict . parti
similarly , why , given that everyone recognises that denktaş is responsible for the lack of progress in negotiations , are they pushing for further concessions from the greek-cypriot side ?  
it strikes me as essential , therefore , to put all our efforts into supporting negotiations towards a settlement between the greek cypriot side and the turkish cypriot side . turcociprioti
this turns greece , as numerous sides have denounced , into a magnet for terrorist counterattacks . contrattacchi
on one side there are the big investment banks ; on the other , the smaller banks , the savings banks and cooperative banks . lato
we must also make sure that they enter into force quickly and i hope that ratification procedures on both sides will be speedy . parti
central america , the andean community and latin america as a whole are not suffering from a lack of interest from our side . parte
that is why we should use the political dialogue to maintain europe 's opposition to the military solution represented by plan colombia , to condemn human rights abuses on all sides in the colombian tragedy , to insist that colombia abide by all the commitments made in the london declaration of 2003 and to act as advocates for grassroots projects , such as the eu-funded peace laboratories , which truly point the way to a just and lasting peace for colombia . colombiana
i am sure it does not fulfil the wishes of the ardent proponents of both sides of the animal welfare debate , but i am quite sure that if introduced now it would implement major improvements in the transport conditions of animals that have been the dream of animal welfare enthusiasts for years . animano
for my group , precisely the opposite is the case , and a huge number of dutch people and europeans are on our side . parte
certainly we have had a very wide expression of views and opinions from one side and the other on the issue , and i hope and expect that the council can draw some guidance from what has been said . parte
in an already inflamed situation , it is vital that all sides exercise restraint and refrain from acts of violence which will only lead to more deaths and which will put a peaceful settlement further beyond reach . parti
there can be no long-term solution in the region without the resolution of the arab-israeli conflict which has cost so many lives on all sides . parti
implementation of the quartet roadmap remains the basis for reaching a lasting comprehensive settlement resulting in two viable , sovereign and independent states , israel and palestine , living side by side in peace and security . fianco
acts of violence by either side cannot contribute to advancing the political process necessary to reach such a settlement , and such acts , therefore , must be rejected . NULL
mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , last monday 22 march , there took place in athens the inaugural session of this euro-mediterranean parliamentary assembly , of whose future importance in relations on both sides of the mediterranean president cox just reminded us . sponde
this session marked the culmination of the efforts made immediately after 11 september 2001 to reach , on both sides of the mediterranean , a better mutual understanding and to dispel the spectre of war between civilisations , which is a potential consequence of the downward spiral of blood and vengeance into which the barbaric supporters of indiscriminate terrorism are attempting to drag us . sponde
let us be aware on our side of the mediterranean that our future and that of our children and grandchildren will depend on the way in which we have been able to extend to africa in general and to the middle east in particular , that area of peace and stability that our founding fathers were able to establish on our continent . sponda
whether or not we wanted it to be , the united states is considered , rightly or wrongly , to have taken israel ’ s side . parte
secondly , i would call on the presidency-in-office of the council to urge those member states of the european union which sit on the united nations security council to immediately present a proposal to establish an international intervention force on the 1967 borders , with the mandate of protecting both sides . parti
two states – recognised by one another , democratic and existing side by side – would naturally have an enormously positive effect on stability throughout the region . coesistenti
we could , however , play a role if we left behind our european divisions , something that is no doubt impossible , and if we had the courage clearly to take a side . posizione
it is not a matter of taking one of the two obvious , and old , sides in the middle east conflict , with the israelis on the one hand and the palestinians on the other . parti
the choice we must make concerns the current real divide , which pits the moderates against the extremists on both sides . parti
france resolutely sides with moderate palestinians and israelis on both sides . risolutamente
there is also another generation of children on the other side of the border who are too terrified to go to school in case the bus they are riding in is blown up . parte
both sides of the relationship made commitments at thessaloniki which must be implemented fully . essere
nevertheless , i believe that at the last meeting of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , with reasonable compromises on both sides , we arrived at a position where a 12-month study could lead – and i believe will lead – to a proper assessment of how insurance provision is made . parti
mr president , commissioner , firstly , i should like to say that we very often say in this house that consumers must have the same rights as economic operators , and that all sides must be heard . parti
there was also a sense of the need for flexibility and compromise on all sides . parte
if the – who , unfortunately , shares with me and with others a long experience of fighting terrorism – will allow me , i would like , as well as expressing gratitude for these gestures – and this applies to both sides of the atlantic – to say that we must not confuse stoicism and resistance with cowardice and appeasement ; that terrorism must not only be fought with tanks , planes and invasions ; it must be fought with dignity , with resistance and also with the necessary coordination of intelligence services and with legislation such as that sponde
these are signs of the necessary european collaboration , which can be entered on the credit side of the account . colonna
you have argued , taoiseach , that member state governments must show flexibility and compromise on all sides – i noted your words . preso
some finance ministers are arguing only for take on their side and no give . concessioni
i will of course be addressing the new parliament on the other side of the june european council , but i assure you that there will be some mechanism whereby we can continue to keep abreast of all the issues in the intervening period . tenervi
it also calls for the commission to withdraw the draft decision , which basically subjects the εu to the american claims which were presented a few months ago following consultations with the american side . parte
this report required particular attention in order to be balanced and adequately substantiated , so that the initiative of the european parliament for a recommendation to the council would be duly considered by it and would represent the views and demands of all sides in an exemplary manner . gruppi
that is why my report and the initiative having been rejected in committee , my group will be abstaining in the vote tomorrow , because our position is that basically we find the idea interesting and it may be expedient , but the technical side of it must be cleanly worked . profilo
any step to one side or the other can have undesirable and far-reaching consequences . indesiderate
it is up to the responsible agencies to lay down clear and uniform requirements of the information that airlines are to provide in the interest of everyone on this and the other side of the ocean . parti
i am sure that , like me , he is deeply impressed with the vast amount of support he has received from his colleagues in the ppe-de group and that side of the house in the list of speakers before us tonight . ala
i must make it clear , though , that the sides drew together in remarkable ways , and i believe that we have now reached a point at which strong political leadership is called for . parti
mr president , the outcome of this process must be the natural result of these efforts of mutual preparation and adaptation , and not the result of any subjective desire that does not take account of the realities that we are faced with on both sides . parti
these are absurd things and may explain the impatience of the greek side towards the annan plan . controparte
i hope and i am in favour of the greek side 's accepting the plan in question , but we must realise that we are asking the greek side to build a democracy on something which is fundamentally anti-democratic , as the annan plan is in its present state . parte
when coming to the question of the big picture – which mr duff mentioned – many in my political group believe that this involves the ability of the union to absorb turkey on the one side and the turkish ability to meet those criteria on the other . parte
. – i agree with the rapporteur when she states that , although allocating money towards improved control is an essential part of the common fisheries policy , it is but one side of the coin , the other being the active involvement of fishermen in the management of fisheries . aspetti
this has come about when the actions have decentralised , forming a variety of effective policies that create a dynamic , and even positive side effects for the environment and society . positivo
currently , director-general alex schaub of the directorate general for the internal market is , with his staff , negotiating this issue with the american side . controparte
also on the positive side , our proposal aims to screen these temporary mrls and to remove those that are clearly unacceptable whilst permitting the existing situation to continue , pending the detailed evaluations undertaken under directive 91 / 414 / eec . positivo
he has done a great job in keeping all sides of this house together . opinioni
a number of those colleagues , who are sitting on the far side of this house , are a credit to ireland and their to department for all the work they have done on this . opposto
on the positive side , i would like to point out that the proposed directive is to apply not only to employed but also to independent drivers . aspetti
.the transformation of the new borders of the european union formed by enlargement into a veritable iron curtain will have tragic consequences for the populations living on either side of these borders . lati
when it was fiercely debated , article by article , comma by comma , and finalised , we were again side by side with many other members of the convention whom i see again here : mr brok , mr duff , mr duhamel , mr lamassoure , mrs van lancker , mr voggenhuber and others i am thinking of who will not take it amiss if i do not mention them by name , parliament ’ s delegates to the convention and their deputies , who were always active , uncompromising and intelligent . fianco
there is also a merging of certain bodies and , furthermore , i believe that recently a certain well-known person has been appointed or selected , who is going to do an excellent job of his new responsibilities in relation to development , specifically on the portuguese side , as the former portuguese minister for the economy is well aware , and i hope that it will soon be a reality . vistadel
however , we must also make it clear that a positive solution to these questions and the unification of the island will generally improve conditions for people on both sides of the demarcation line , and therefore no individual issue should stand in the way of this chance to achieve an overall solution . lati
nonetheless , i believe that we must recognise that although problems may arise with this type of reunification , overall , the benefits for both sides far outweigh the costs . parti
not a single refugee from either side will return to his or her home village and not a single turkish soldier will leave the occupied zone . parte
the plan makes important concessions to both sides . parti
with goodwill on both sides it could be a first step away from years of partition . entrambe
we salute the leaders on both sides in cyprus who have supported the annan process and have commended it to their fellow cypriots . parti
there are many cypriots , particularly on the greek side , who ask what business it is of ours to be having this debate at all . parte
in view of the concerns that exist , signals on peace and security must be sent out more clearly , and with these concerns in mind , it must be made clear there are no unilateral advantages for either side . ipotizzabile
the annan plan which will be voted on by both communities on 24 april is a compromise between the wishes and legitimate demands of both sides . parti
she said that , in her youth , she thought that only men lived on the other side . parte
we should have kept both sides guessing in order to keep up the pressure . parti
a yes or a no vote in the referendum will not be two sides of the same coin ; it will be different sides of different coins . facce
today 's debate confirms the vital role of the european parliament in this entire lengthy development of hope on the cypriot question and the exceptionally positive role of commissioner verheugen , of mr poos , and of all sides of the european union in general . parti
we were questioned about what would happen if there was a ' no ' vote on the greek side of the island and a ' yes ' vote among the turkish community . parte
however , i do say to our colleagues , particularly our absent colleagues from this side of the house , that if we care about employment , as we do ; if we care about unemployment , as we do ; if we care about the social injustice that flows from unemployment , as we do ; then we must be prepared to make this area a priority . parte
change is important on the issues of employment guidelines ; i was delighted that the commissioner again reinforced the importance of the lisbon agenda , to which all sides of the house have agreed . gruppi
i respect the fact that there were sincerely-held views on both sides in the debate over pakistan . schieramenti
the most important and effective thing way of proceeding in post-conflict situations is , if possible , to have the two sides in a conflict join together in demining mapping . belligeranti
it was well-organised and both sides had mapped what they had done . parti
once the wall came down , they were able to develop democratically , to share the same cornerstones of the rule of law , democracy and freedom , and to live side by side with us . fianco
as we know , most of the states in west africa are artificial creations drawn on the map by the colonial powers , so that peoples in the south are divided , two examples being the ibo and the ewe , who are christians and animists and live on both sides of the border . lati
in the case of plateau state , the causes of violence are related to both these reasons and the perpetrators have come from both sides of the community . gruppi
we in the union have to be sure to coordinate everything that is available to us in a financial , political and economic way – as the president-in-office of the council has said for the turkish side of cyprus , which is not yet able to join the european union . parte
the day that serbs and albanians sit in parliament together with ourselves , or with yourselves in the council , and , side by side , debate , for example , emission rights , then the european project will clearly have become a peace project again . fianco
i hope that , in the course of time , and above all as a result of social struggles , these workers may come to be aware that their fundamental interests are the same on whatever side of whatever border . qua
in anticipation of this , we want to put our own house in order with , as i hope , the new countries by our side . fianco
as regards the so-called embargo mentioned earlier for the turkish cypriots , and which never existed on the greek cypriot side , we believe that our turkish cypriot fellow countrymen , who for us are equally european citizens , with all the rights which derive from the integration of cyprus into the european union , certainly need to be strengthened economically . lato
it was a once-in-a-lifetime experience , above all because the event had been preceded by a long process involving a great deal of work on both sides . parti
another is made up of the people on both sides of the new external border , regions with which i am familiar in my capacity as vice-chairman for relations with ukraine , moldavia and belarus . lati
you will be aware how perturbed some of our neighbours and friends on the other side of the mediterranean are today at the prospect of our union devoting excessive energy and resources to the realisation of its new internal unity , to the detriment of the interest it should have in their own future . lato
i am sure that jean monnet , whose memory we honoured this morning , and whose humanism was leavened by pragmatism , would not have failed to notice that a continued contribution to the development of our southern neighbours was not only europe ’ s duty , but also in its interest and in the interests of generations yet to come , on both sides of the mediterranean . parti
these two models are two sides of the same coin . facce
from this side of the house , i welcome the enlarged europe and the concept of neighbourhood – as a european model for living and not a symbol of window-dressing rhetoric – which will be the path to follow , provided that we maximise the wealth of various situations institutionally , economically , socially , culturally , and not the ideological straitjacket of an omnipotent paradigm , of an omnipotent neo-liberal , federal and militarised constitution , on the pretext of the spectre of a threat to security . lato
earlier this afternoon there were some bigoted contributions from the other side of the chamber about the dominance of christianity in europe and how important that was . parte
to be on the safe side , i shall also e-mail it to you .  
you say you are on the side of the poor , but in your actions you help liberals and the globalists at the expense of the poor . parte
dr potočnik 's team , and before him mr bavčar 's team , based their success on the fact that all their negotiating positions had been endorsed in the slovenian parliament , which was something unique and an example of great cooperation on both sides . parti
i would point out that mr geremek – who , i am not embarrassed to say , usually has the courage of his convictions – has embraced the logic of the vilnius ten ’ s manifesto , whereas the left in the european parliament has , for its part , sided with public opinion , the majority of which , unlike madrid in warsaw , aspired to a political solution under the aegis of the united nations . schierata
it also lays down that the union must promote economic , social and territorial cohesion , as well as solidarity among the member states ; that the union recognises and formally promotes the role of both sides of industry at european level and facilitates their dialogue while fully respecting their autonomy ; and that the union ’ s commercial policy must not hinder the organisation of social , educational and health services . parti
finally , i must just say to mr poettering that it may be true that being in the middle of the photograph is important , but it may equally be true that having one on one side and one on the other , embracing the states of the union , may have an even stronger political meaning . lato
it is a heavy responsibility , mr president-in-office of the council , and we shall be there at your side if you contribute towards making europe a political and effective union . fianco
the eu representatives passed on the concerns that remain on the european side , including those relating to the creation of a new category of detainees , the so-called hostile combatants . parte
what appealed to me in the words of mr poettering was that he said let us also have time for the psychological dimension , because we have a europe of 25 , and member states and people must be able to identify with the other europe , and it is good to bring this psychological side closer from time to time , because we are so accustomed to talking in terms of what does europe cost me , what does europe do for me , how are the finances doing ? aspetto
what is the psychological side of it all ? aspetto
in my view , this euro-apathy is precisely the consequence – the other side of the coin – of the apathy of the european institutions and european leadership , starting with ourselves , starting with the fact that nearly all of us campaigned on national issues , starting with the fact that we ourselves , you yourselves , the leaders of europe themselves very often give the impression of an introverted , frightened , often paralysed europe , a europe that prefers to deny problems rather than tackle them and accept the associated responsibility , risks and consequences . altro
this european continent is so complex that neither one side nor the other can take decisions alone , rule alone , or cause its will to prevail . parte
if you stand up for europe as a community – and i have no doubt that you will – then we will always be by your side . parte
i am therefore asking you to resolve these problems and not just put them to one side . accantonarli
we were not elected to this house in order to pass judgments without allowing the other side the right to defend itself . parte
it is for this reason that president lukashenko must be certain that his actions will not remain unpunished , and that the belarussian nation must be certain that its european ambitions will some day receive a genuine answer from our side . parte
on cooperation , the terrorist attacks have taught us that internal and external security cannot be separated : they are two sides of the same coin . facce
frankly , there is not much good history on the side of that proposition . positivo
a political solution will not be found in russia alone ; there must be partners on the chechen side with whom it is possible to negotiate . ceceni
there are two sides to this increasing of awareness : firstly , we must have the courage to treat the fight against terrorism as our very top priority amongst all our problems . risvolti
– mr president , a particularly painful tragedy took place in north ossetia , where the brutality on one side met with a lack of responsibility on the other . lato
i do not seek to take sides . schierarmi
what i worry about most is that on either side of the atlantic we will bring out the worst in our traditional partners . sponde
the world deserves better than testosterone on one side and superciliousness on the other . parte
we must be aware that local elections are a necessary medicine , but that they have side effects , and that they may result in the division of iraq into sunnite , shiite and kurdish zones of influence . collaterali
let me repeat , however , that the priority is for the whole of this house to get behind the efforts to free the hostages , and i call upon all of us , on every side , to accept a resolution to that end , which will proclaim that we speak with one voice . schieramento
or are we taking refuge in the hopeless prospect of the war of civilisations predicted for so long by many , on both sides of the atlantic ocean – sometimes appearing to want it to happen ? sponde
his characteristic eloquence will be sadly missed on all sides of this house . ala
the european union may provide humanitarian aid both in the case of iraq and in the case of many other conflicts taking place throughout the world , and it may also offer its services as mediator and negotiator , provided that all sides in the conflict want the eu to do so . parti
yet the institutions present a curious sight , which reminds me of children who lose their ball while playing , and who watch spellbound as the ball bounces onto the road and under the wheels of cars to see if the ball will somehow appear again undamaged on the other side of the road . lato
in fact , further and fuller debate should be welcomed by all sides , because it would allow us to get rid of some of the misconceptions with regard to what aspects of the treaty we would be voting on in our countries , or debating in our national parliaments . parti
i turn to the council , commission and parliament : if we believe in democracy – especially in this process that you , mr president , called the most important since the founding of the union – i entreat you to do whatever you can to ensure a fair and free process , to ensure that resources are used to truly inform people , especially by distributing copies of the constitution to all the electorate , and by ensuring that all sides of the debate are thoroughly aired . aspetti
i am pleased that the commission will not be funding campaigns but , if it does so , the ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ sides must be given equal resources . referendarie
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the fight to have europe ’ s christian roots written into the prologue of the european constitution will have brought into conflict , throughout the convention and the intergovernmental conference , the most hardened proponents of secularism , headed by mr michel and mr chirac , on the one side , and certain countries such as poland , italy or portugal , supported by no less prestigious a figure than pope john-paul ii , on the other . parte
representatives of the european union set out the concerns that still exist on the european side , including those relating to the creation of a new category of prisoners , termed ‘ hostile militants ’ . nutrono
the principle would be to strive for common legislation on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
mr president , i find it somewhat ironic that all of the men who have spoken on the other side of this house have had the temerity to tell women what they should do with their bodies . opposto
at the same time , the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats takes the view that the potential side effects of such steps must be carefully discussed with the industry and consumers concerned . collaterali
i think that the european council must adopt a different stance to resolve a situation whereby european citizens cannot see their heads of state or government sitting side by side with the representatives of such a bloodthirsty country , with such a violent and repressive regime . fianco
i believe that by adopting such a resolution we would merely signal that we support one side only , and that we are not concerned with yugoslavia or serbia remaining a unified state , but only with a biased viewpoint . parti
on at least three issues , however , we have found ourselves on opposing sides . fronti
moreover , as italians we regret the fact , mr president , that in recent times you have no longer remained above party politics while carrying out your duties , and have thus laid yourself open to criticism on many sides . parti
we should be taking better care of those people who , as the barriers come down , remain on the wrong side of our internal borders . parte
as i have , on various occasions and in different functions , had the opportunity to participate in this process on the slovenian side , i am aware of just how much will , coordination , and mutual attention this project has demanded . versante
i would , therefore , once again appeal to everybody who can hear us via this european parliament for common sense , peace , an end to the violence , so that israel ’ s process of withdrawal from gaza can go ahead in peace and tranquillity , with no more victims on any side . parte
i would also like to say that it is very important that there be a clear interlocutor on the palestinian side . parte
the deadly combination of too little action on the palestinian side and what has perhaps been too much action on the israeli side , has quite successfully destroyed most of the authority that the palestinian authority might otherwise have had . parte
those who understand only the language of violence – and they are present on both sides – need to be isolated . parti
that egypt and other moderate arab states have offered to cooperate with israel in bringing about a ceasefire is a good sign , but it is an offer that the israeli side must accept . israeliana
we should also call on both sides to apply the road map . parti
the most important step is for both sides to desist from further acts of violence . parti
leadership is needed on both sides , and that is not easy . parti
that takes courage on both sides . parti
i believe we should be asking both sides in this conflict to have this courage and show their leadership . parti
as for the possibility of a solution to the conflict , the geneva negotiators , in contrast to camp david , have demonstrated that it is possible to find dignified solutions to which both sides can agree on all the points of conflict , even on the most sensitive and thorny issues , such as the status of jerusalem and the right to return up until the final status . dignitose
frankly , i have been listening for six years now in this parliament to wise words , which ascribe responsibility to one side or the other for the situation , but today palestinians continue to die , killed by an occupying army . sagge
the only thing is , are both sides willing that we should actually be able to put these plans into effect ? parti
so i fully support your programme , which i regard as good , well balanced , and right , but it needs both sides if it is to be capable of being implemented , failing which it will be as vacuous as others have been . parti
it will need to seek an alliance with russia , but the russian government will also need to stop playing a dual role in many of those conflict areas ; it is unacceptable that russia should act as an intermediary while at the same time siding with , and supporting , one of the parties involved in the conflicts , whether this be in transnistria or in georgia . schierarsi
as , moreover , mr vitorino sincerely acknowledged a few minutes ago , it has , until now , been mainly the repressive side of asylum and immigration policy that has been given prominence and , as a result , many aspects of this legal immigration policy have been left on one side . parte
the council and the commission , however , sided with the large companies , and not with the citizens of european countries . schierati
public opinion often only gets to see one side of the coin . lato
it should therefore be decided on in referendums in each eu country , with the ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ sides being given equal resources and the opportunity to take part in the debate on equal conditions . uguali
i am delighted to pursue this dialogue , from the ecb ’ s side , in this spirit of frankness and cooperation . parte
on the external side , the world economy is currently recording its strongest growth for 30 years . crescita
on the domestic side , investment should normally benefit from the positive global environment , the very favourable financing conditions in the euro area and the improvements in corporate efficiency . fronte
workers ’ participation has , particularly when times are hard , resulted in consensus , has secured industrial peace and has always been to the benefit of both sides . parti
whilst we want the united states to take a more multilateral approach , we must also , on our side , carry out our activities with greater unity and effectiveness . parte
in ukip , we take no side on mr buttiglione 's comments whatsoever . posizione
are the honourable members who are critical of my choice sure that if i were to grant your request , the other side of the house would support the commission ? parte
money set aside for information on the eu is all too often used for persuasive advertising , without presenting all the sides of an issue . aspetti
environmental issues are second on the list of priorities , and after bulgaria and romania join the eu cross-border cooperation between greece and bulgaria will be promoted under interreg on both sides of the border . lati
we believe that there has been a complete lack of any serious thought about the macroeconomic reforms that are needed and , for instance , about how to overcome the weaknesses on the demand side . lato
we must lend support to these success factors , but one aspect of this is the need for better determination of whether national parliaments are really keeping their side of the bargain . mantenendo
in that sense , i also agree with mr piotrowski , for example , who says that we should not just give one side of the story , but also include the aspects of criticism and scepticism . piotrowski
i also concur with the remarks that she and others made about turkey , namely that we must focus on the various aspects , on the opportunities and positive sides . aspetti
our analysis shows clearly that enlargement has brought favourable economic results , not only in the new member states , but also in the old ones , that both sides are benefiting from our integration of what are growing regions . parti
i would point out that when , under the pretext that it was criticising his team , the president-designate accused half of this house of siding with , and i quote , ‘ the anti-european extremists ’ , he yesterday revealed himself once more to be precisely the person he not long ago maintained he did not want to be : a president of the right in conflict with the left and , indeed , the liberals . schierarsi
the voting procedure is what it is , however , and we vote on the commission as a whole , without being able to vote on individual commissioners , something that has both positive and negative sides . aspetti
the eu hopes that both sides will continue to engage fully in this process , for instance through consolidation of the line of control ceasefire . entrambi
we also welcome the agreement of both sides to explore possible options for a peaceful , negotiated settlement of the jammu and kashmir issue as part of the wider process of the composite dialogue between both countries . parti
we encourage contacts with the indian lower house and suggest , in particular , regular meetings between delegations from both sides . parti
this can only happen if both sides have a strong will to turn dialogue and statements into a tangible reality . parti
nonetheless , the precondition on india 's side is that it needs to open up the market further and introduce economic reforms . parte
for example , both sides have a common interest in protecting indications of origin . parti
the belorussian bridge would be needed by all three sides , and profitable for belarus itself . parti
i was quite alarmed by the implications of this question and , indeed , by the contribution we heard from the other side of the house . lato
that said , given the underlying logic of the embargo and the significant political and symbolic issues involved for both sides , it is understandable that some member states argue that the lifting of the ban should take place against a background of positive and tangible steps by china to improve its human rights situation . parti
it will also be very important to see how cooperation with nato works in the aftermath of the ‘ berlin plus ’ negotiations , and particularly – in what is a speciality of the european union and its security strategy – how well the civilian and military sides of this crisis management operation work together . combinano
in order to bring stability to what a german publication eloquently called the ‘ restless balkans ’ , help was needed from the other side of the atlantic ocean . atlantico
the underlying reason for this segregation is not the so-called embargo on the greek cypriot side , it is the turkish occupation , the breakaway action of the occupying regime and the fact that the economy of the occupied areas is inextricably bound up with the turkish economy , to the point even that the turkish pound has been introduced as the currency of the occupied areas . grecocipriota
secondly , we are creating a climate of uncertainty about the future and , thirdly , it had shortcomings in the area of human rights and on the practical side . profilo
let us show them which side we are on . parte
statements to the effect that those who do not agree , for example , with the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , or with the exiles in miami , are on the side of castro , are exactly the kind of things we have heard from the white house , saying that those who questioned the us position on iraq were automatically allied with saddam hussein . parte
do they believe that people on this side of the house do not believe in human rights ? lato
some governments and some honourable members propose reforming it ; others propose not changing a thing , but both are legitimate positions , there are arguments for both , and they do not mean that one side are lackeys of the united states and the others are accomplices of fidel castro . parte
that , though , is but one side of the coin . faccia
finally , alongside this unilateral approach towards repression and terrorism , we should also consider the other side of these phenomena . faccia
europe must tell israel that what is required is a return to political dialogue and a respite from hostilities – no suicide bombs , on the one side , no collective punishment or selective executions , on the other . parte
our side of the house strongly supports this and wants to encourage it , and i would say to all members that this house has a role to play here . lato
wim kok ’ s report stresses the need to give top priority to research and development , but special emphasis ought to be placed on the applied side of research in particular . applicata
the tragic events with van gogh and the extremists from the other side illustrate , unfortunately , that terrorism is working and what it is seeking : to ultimately suppress the obvious . lato
the system of blocs in place until the collapse of communist totalitarianism led both sides carelessly to sell and distribute arms to all and sundry for use against the local ideological opponent . parti
the available experience , the success achieved in bosnia and the fact that this is the most important military structure , containing contingents from most member states , are the factors that ensure that we do not overlook its relevance and its vital role within a geo-strategic context that is urgently sought on both sides of the atlantic . lati
there are also calls , however – coming from here , there and everywhere , on both sides of the atlantic – for solidarity with cuba and with its tenacious and intelligent people , and those calls are becoming increasingly powerful . parte
in spite of the appalling attacks by the left , the plenary remained clearly on the side of freedom . parte
for this i should above all thank the valiant leader of the socialist group , but i shall not do so , because every time that someone from my side of the house speaks of the honourable mr shulz , he gets promoted to a higher office . parti
could you , as the presidency , make an approach to the us authorities to see if there could be a pre-delivery inspection at european level , which would then clear the goods for direct transport into the us , rather than being delayed at the us side ? oltreoceano
the important role that the petitions committee plays is of course at the other side of that equation , where we seek to ensure that national governments and local authorities comply with european law in the interests of the citizen . opposto
when acting as the guardian of the treaties and watching over adherence to the law , you will always have us , the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , at your side . appoggio
when i was there around a year ago on an acp-ep mission , there was a great deal of talk from the north and the south , the rebels and the government , about which side was responsible for the failure of the linas-marcoussis agreement . pe
as in the majority of west african countries , of course , there is tension between the christian and animistic south and the predominantly muslim north , as well as problems relating to borders , which were drawn by the colonial powers in a highly arbitrary manner and which generally separate ethnic groups , and sometimes even entire nations , living on either side of them . parte
in his conversations with president kuchma , mr lytvyn , the chairman of the ukrainian parliament , and others , he has underlined the eu ’ s position , including the eu ’ s call on all sides to show restraint and to express themselves in a non-violent manner . parti
this is not , then , about taking the side of one candidate or about intervening in a dispute about the practicalities of an election ; what is at stake is , quite simply , the defence of recognised democratic principles . schierarsi
speaking on behalf of our socialist group in the european parliament , i can say that , when peace and democracy are at stake , when it comes to peaceful coexistence and the securing of fundamental citizens ’ rights , which the state must guarantee if it is to deserve to be described as a democracy , then we are all on the same side , and that is one of the good things about europe . concordi
there is a tendency to oversimplify the situation in ukraine – one side is presented as completely black and the other completely white . parte
we rightly condemn one side for not complying with the basic rules on holding free elections , yet i have internet pages in my hand , taken from a ukrainian newspaper , denouncing , a few days ago , an election document distributed in western ukraine by some supporters of yushchenko . parti
it is not about one or other candidate ; it is about this european parliament taking the side of democracy and wanting to give the people the chance to say what they want to say . parte
we side with everyone in the ukraine who stands up for their democratic rights . parteggiamo
but we have seen the other side as well , how tens and hundreds of thousands of people come together peacefully to state their solidarity with democracy . parte
i am not here to take sides in a political contest between candidates and parties in ukraine , but i do take a stand against manipulation of elections . schierarmi
the eu also has to share responsibility for not reacting in time and for not clearly taking the side of genuinely democratic forces . fianco
some still argue for declarations in support of democracy but say let us be prudent and not offend anybody , let us not aggravate the situation further by taking sides . posizione
it is right that we should not take the side of a particular candidate – that is the exclusive right of the ukrainian people . fianco
however , look around this chamber and you can see that we have taken sides – look at the orange colours . guardarsi
at this crucial time , the european union must talk to all the political forces in ukraine and win the confidence of all the ukrainian people , not line up behind one side or the other . parte
on one side of the watershed the murky waters of a totalitarian regime flow towards the past , where only the oligarchies and the present administration reap the benefits . lato
on the other side , pure waters , the waters of democracy , flow towards tomorrow , one where the ukrainian nation can draw strength for a better future . fluiscono
that is why i consider that we should work on another part , which is called ' the demand side ' . versante
if the demand side is to work properly , there must be cooperation between what is now the single monetary policy and financial policy . versante
with regard to the issue of dialogue on energy as well , it is vital that the russian partners also understand the psychological situation on our side . vista
on the one hand , we are linked by extremely close economic ties that benefit both sides , yet on the other hand , tensions are increasingly being felt between the two parties in the political sphere , and very far-reaching differences of opinion are becoming apparent . parti
on the contrary , our experience of countries which were in the so-called soviet sphere of influence for many years has taught us that a genuine partnership and respect from the russian side will only become possible if we state our views clearly and firmly , even if these views are extremely critical of certain aspects of russian politics . parte
it must not , however , actively side with the dictatorships there or impede the development of democracy . sostenere
the fact is , however , that even the anti-retroviral medicines which are available have major side effects , and that being able to lead a normal life is of course out of the question . collaterali
moreover , from a moral point of view , it would be preferable to invest far more in the training side of clubs than in buying players and trading them as pure commodities . calcistiche
looking on the bright side – who knows ? – perhaps this directive may help in time to turn up some of the countless millions that have been embezzled from the european union . lato
in closing let me express the hope and expectation that these agreements will now be ratified without problems on both sides and so help alleviate uncertainty for market operators as regards the timing for the necessary preparations , in order for them comfortably to meet the starting date of 1 july 2005 . parti
i was glad to see that one of the key issues considered by the committee was the question of how we might achieve a positive statement of assurance on the payments side in the future . ottenimento
the field has therefore been abandoned to the extremists on both sides : on the one hand , the farc and , on the other hand , president uribe ’ s administration which , by proposing to put civilians into uniform and to accord immunity and funding to the paramilitaries , has dangerously jeopardised the constitutional state . parti
the assembly now proposes a broad humanitarian agreement involving , for example , exchanges of prisoners but , above all , respect by the two sides for international humanitarian law . fazioni
as if that were not enough , president uribe ’ s policy in recent years has consisted exclusively in encouraging the paramilitary forces , so much so that a few months ago he invited the paramilitary leaders to parliament , demonstrating that he is only prepared to talk to one side in this war . interlocutore
i shall conclude by asking the commissioner , parliament and our institutions to take a very careful and objective approach when giving support to the peace process in colombia : in this process and in these negotiations the country cannot do without the involvement of all sides in the conflict – all sides , not just the paramilitaries . parti
one : the creation of conditions of security , so that all sides can sit around the negotiating table . parti
we therefore feel that it is wrong to take sides in a conflict . posizione
on the expenditure side , parliament obviously wishes to increase this , while the council wishes to place a ceiling on it of 1 % to 1.2 % of gdp for , after all , the budgetary austerity imposed upon the member states should also be imposed in brussels . il
on the revenue side , it is obviously the issue of own resources that is raised , given the british cheque and the injustices in the distribution of the ‘ tax ’ burden between those states which make payments , such as france and germany , and those states which receive funds , such as greece and ireland and the ten eastern countries that have their tax dumping – relocation to the east – paid for by the tax slaves of the west . NULL
the underlying cause of the isolation of the turkish cypriots is not the so-called ' embargo ' on the greek cypriot side ; it is the turkish occupation and breakaway action by the occupying regime and the complete interconnection of the economy of the occupied areas with the national economy . grecocipriota
in reply to the question of reversing the isolation of the turkish cypriots , the government of the republic of cyprus proposed returning the closed section of ammohostos to its legal residents and opening the port of ammohostos , together with the turkish cypriots , with the objective of its being operated for the benefit of both sides , a proposal which , unfortunately , has not been accepted . parti
mr president , many of us on this side of the house are very supportive of turkey 's eu membership . ala
throughout the cold war , turkey was a steadfast ally on the side of the west . alleato
it is time , 41 years after the promise was first made , for the eu to honour its side of the promise and for the talks to start . mantenga
those are concerns that have been expressed from many quarters , including mr poettering and mr brok , and – if i can put it that way – also from the other side , by mr schulz and mr lagendijk . opposta
the two are different sides of the same coin . facce
if you base europe ’ s international policy on this message that we seek internal balance – as we are at the moment helping to do in ukraine – and that we seek political rather than military solutions to ethnic conflicts , then you will always have the socialist group on your side . fianco
i would like your assurance that any information that goes out to member states in which there are going to be referendums presents both sides of the argument , so that we can have a free and fair result . aspetti
nevertheless , the opening of negotiations will undoubtedly help to clarify for both sides many areas that are currently in doubt and it will eventually be possible to gauge more clearly what kind of union would be preferable to both sides . parti
i therefore believe that the debate on turkey and the debate on the fight against terrorism are two sides of the same coin . facce
the first is the traditional position , namely that negotiations should be opened , in all likelihood as early as next year , with the possibility of suspending them if it became apparent that problems or obstacles were being created by the turkish side . parte
conditions are set not only for the turkish side , but also for the member states , the commission , the council and parliament . parte
remember that such fear is felt on both sides . parti
there is also another side to this problem : the roma themselves must adapt . aspetto
the sixth point i should like to refer to is the widespread corruption , which is a thorn in bulgaria ’ s side as it enters the eu , given that it affects various areas and levels of government and is apparent at every turn . fianco
on the positive side , the report clearly states that romania meets the copenhagen political criteria , that it has strengthened the stability of its institutions that guarantee state democracy and human rights , and that the situation has improved in the field of protection of human and ethnic rights , with regard to both the hungarian minority and the roma minority . NULL
on the positive side , romania also fulfils the criterion of a functioning market economy and , moreover , has implemented and is continuing to implement a programme of structural reforms . aspetti
i do not expect the careless interpretation of parliamentary democracy to disappear following last weekend ’ s election of a president from the other side of the political spectrum , who is also likely to determine the composition of a new government . schieramento
he demonstrated clearly to me that the romanian government , through its prosecutor general , had repeatedly intervened on one side – allegedly under instructions from president iliescu – of the civil case against carol 's half brother , ex-king michael of romania . fratellastro
ladies and gentlemen , i am fairly well acquainted with romania and have had the opportunity on several occasions to urge those in positions of authority from all political sides to speed up work on implementing the reforms and transposing the necessary legislation and regulation . schieramenti
otherwise , we shall not be consistent in our obligations towards the citizens and it is precisely at times of natural disasters that those who voted for us and sent us here need to see the european union and the european parliament by their side . fianco
even today , 20 years on , neither side seems to care about the suffering , only about their reputations . contendenti
the member states are transferring a growing proportion of their sovereignty to benefit an ambitious global idea , whereby 25 countries tread a common path together , side by side . fianco
the continuation of these peace initiatives is invaluable in rebuilding trust between communities and bringing communities together from both sides of the border . parti
in the context of the ceasefire initiatives and the opening of negotiations between the two sides in the northern ireland conflict , i feel that similar determination must be shown as regards any initiatives intended to help establish lasting peace in those territories . parti
it takes two sides to make a debate . partecipanti
there are however also negative sides to the constitution . lati
given that the issue of labour migration is such a complex one , it would perhaps be better to leave some of these to one side , in line with the principle of ‘ keep it simple , stupid ’ . accantonarne
hopefully , with goodwill on all sides , the matter can be brought to a satisfactory conclusion in the near future . parti
the same applies , on the other side of the world , to our japanese friends . capo
i remember before the euro came into force , certain experts , economists and professors , particularly on the other side of the atlantic , were saying that europe would never be able to have a strong currency because of its lack of solidarity and political cohesion . oltreatlantico
we are on your side , mr president-in-office of the council . parte
we are therefore on your side , mr president-in-office of the council , in the fight against any attempts at reducing the european budget . parte
– mr president , the reform of the stability pact and the reform of the financial perspective are two sides of the same coin . facce
it has become a habit of mr cohn-bendit ’ s to refer indiscriminately to authors from both sides of the rhine , and today he quoted victor hugo . rive
on the humanitarian side , the commission has responded rapidly and very efficiently . piano
moreover , i do not believe this approach will have any negative side effects . collaterale
an enormous amount of money has been spent ; banners are being unfurled for the ' yes ' side , but the ' no ' side is not allowed a say ; and when a peaceful process takes place , people are physically assaulted . striscioni
on the humanitarian side , in addition to the support package already adopted , it is proposed that eur 100 million from the commission 's jakarta pledge be allocated from the emergency reserve . aspetto
on the reconstruction side , some eur 350 million of partially new funds should be made available , and funds already programmed streamlined . dovrebbe
these investments have created , directly or indirectly , some 12 million jobs on both sides of the atlantic . lati
both sides have to make an effort if there is to be a significant improvement in relations . parti
indeed , a sense of realism and enlightened self-interest on this side of the atlantic ocean require solid , open-handed , transatlantic relations . parte
it is an extremely simple idea , based on the premise that our economic integration is much deeper than we are aware and than we perceive it to be , as well as on the premise that this economic integration facilitates healthy growth and secures jobs on both sides of the atlantic , and hence enables us to help the whole world participate in this prosperity . sponde
whether rightly or wrongly , the arab world regards the americans as having taken israel ’ s side . torto
last but not least , the commission will be coming forward with its review of the new transatlantic agenda , and we in this house have insisted on many occasions – and once again in the joint resolution – that we should take the opportunity to upgrade this relationship ; show that it is visible to the peoples on both sides of the atlantic , and not exclude , as the new transatlantic agenda does today , the political communities . sponde
we need to find a way to bring all the actors together in what we have called a partnership agreement , because i am certain that if , with the arrival of the us president , the opportunity is taken by the incoming administrations on both sides to shape a new strengthened transatlantic partnership , we all will be beneficiaries . rive
i trust that we will take the very many positive ideas and words of this debate forward into practical and effective steps , which will be to the mutual advantage of both sides . parti
the eu-us summit of june 2004 clearly demonstrated how much we have in common and the readiness of both sides to focus efforts on the key challenges ahead . parti
the last eu-us summit called for a forward-looking strategy to promote integration , drawing on ideas from both sides of the atlantic . sponde
we should not forget that the divisions it brought to light cannot be described in simple terms , with the ‘ goodies ’ on one side of the barricades and the ‘ baddies ’ on the other . parte
in this context we wanted to err on the side of caution . difetto
the hypocrisy and the cynicism on both sides of the atlantic – which has also been demonstrated in the recent case of support for the countries affected by the tsunami in asia , especially when one compares that support with the money spent on the war – manifests itself in the power to decide who can and cannot have arms , what type of arms they can and cannot have , and who are the democratic organisations and countries . lati
progress in these issues could lead to effective joint action by the two sides of the atlantic . coste
in the middle east , following the elections to the palestinian authority , we have the chance to be on the same side . parte
lastly , both sides of the atlantic reacted in exactly the same way and with the same degree of commitment to the recent disaster in asia . lati
we are , in all senses , on two sides of the same ocean . lati
that is why europe must explicitly dare take sides with threatened minorities and movements , which , in future too , must be able to continue to play their role . schierarsi
i voted in favour , in the hope that peace , which goes hand in hand with democracy – long established on the israeli side and just beginning in palestine – can finally take root in this most troubled region of the world . israele
that is what is pointed out in our resolution , which i have voted in favour of , as , at my request , the unacceptable part of paragraph 12 , which condemned the indiscriminate terrorist violence from both sides , has been rejected . parti
if the nazi atrocities are to serve some purpose , let it be that , in remembering this darker side of history , we can be morally armed for the struggle to ensure that barbarities such as auschwitz are never repeated in the biography of the human race . lato
i would like to take this opportunity to support the appeal of democratic circles on both sides of the border that we should move beyond this trauma from our semi-distant history , by telling the whole truth . parti
i very much regret having to say this , but i have learned that the german government , the selfsame government which is actively supporting our negotiations on the eu side , has instituted deportation proceedings against a 26-year-old woman who obtained a divorce from her iranian husband and converted to christianity . file
globalisation does not appear in the end to be the sort of divisive factor that the left-hand side of this chamber believes it to be . sinistra
at first it appeared that there were two extreme positions : one consisting of seeing only the negative side of globalisation and the other , initially expressed in porto alegre , something of an all-out rejection of globalisation . lato
following the harsh words which have also been spoken from our side of the house , i will also try to congratulate mrs in ' t veld and look at how we can , after all , reach compromises on this issue . ala
all members of the partnership must take advantage of its inauguration to increase the visibility of the barcelona process on both sides of the mediterranean . sponde
i told them that we have to go on and that both sides have to consolidate this new path to peace in the middle east , especially by seizing the opportunities of , on the one hand , the platform – the quartet – and , on the other hand , the roadmap . parti
since there are signs that the cycle of violence between the two sides can be broken , we have to do everything we can to consolidate the ceasefire and secure withdrawal from gaza , and then move forward with the roadmap for a two-state solution . parti
i think a european force would be more likely than any other to be accepted by both sides for such a task . parti
the social , economic , cultural and human partnership between the two sides of the mediterranean is proceeding on a foundation of uncertainty and contradictions . sponde
the outrageous trafficking in illegal immigrants between the two sides of the mediterranean is a continuing sign of the failure of the cooperation policy that was hoped for between the countries of departure and the countries of arrival . sponde
where hezbollah is concerned , we are still two-faced , because in their case , we say that the military side is wrong , but we can deal with them at a political level . braccio
i therefore believe we must work with our partners on the other side of the mediterranean to fight against these criminal practices and activities . sponda
it is true that we have to do everything so that this small , first step of the peace process can be consolidated , and it must be consolidated on both sides . parti
the dark side of globalisation – the exploitation of children , child labour , the trafficking of women , organ trafficking , the trafficking of human beings – must also be treated as a new threat to human rights . lato
we , in ukraine , will do everything we can to implement the provisions of the action plan from our side . piano
the other two , the environment and cohesion , will be pushed to one side . parte
the first and foremost policy priority for the union is thus to strongly support the three sides of the knowledge triangle – research , education and innovation – and to ensure that the triangle operates in the most favourable framework conditions . lati
can we continue to scrap vessels here if they can be of use to fishermen on the other side of the world ? capo
the warring factions on both sides will stop at nothing . parti
we , the european union , will continue to press for the release of all those who remain arbitrarily detained , and we will use the opportunity of the forthcoming session of the united nations commission on human rights in geneva to remind both sides to the conflict of their obligations under international law . parti
however , this does not mean that it is ' business as usual ' in terms of donor support to nepal , not least because of the new constraints faced in ensuring that all sides respect the donors ' basic operational guidelines in the state of emergency as the conflict escalates . parti
the european commission responded immediately ; it rejected the use of undue coercion , and i noted with a certain satisfaction ( although we must reserve judgment at this point in time ) that the turkish side decided to launch an investigation into this action . riservarci
since we have failed to keep our side of the bargain , we cannot be surprised if other countries ignore our pleas for their disarmament . parte
based on my consultations and having listened carefully to all sides of the argument , i identified a number of areas where i believe changes would be required for the broad consensus i would like to see emerge . campane
mr president , as the shadow rapporteur from this side of the house , i am delighted that the commissioner has set out quite clearly a positive case for the services directive . parte
we are delighted that the commission is finally banishing the spectre of social dumping and all the other caricatures of this directive that have been put about by its opponents without the commission making any case for its positive side . aspetti
every holiday period — and it will soon be easter — there are enormous traffic jams , because within 25 km on the french side and 25 km on the spanish side there are six obligatory stops for motorway tolls . versante
however , i also wish to comment on the side effects for healthy women who use this method not for their own purposes – for the purpose of fertilisation – but in order to become donors . collaterali
the side effects , which are significant , have been reported by other members . collaterali
time is not on our side . parte
mr president , we shall be on your side in making these choices when that is possible , but we shall be against you and on the side of the people of europe when it is not . fianco
he brought to an end the long-running saga on the withdrawal , revision or retention of the bolkestein directive , explaining that there is no question of withdrawing this text , despite the fact that it had been rejected on all sides . parti
i can assure you that this side of the house will work with you to get the measure through , because it is the most important measure for the internal market since the 1992 programme and it is crucial for jobs and employment . ala
this is currently being worked out in practice through the thirty trans-european network projects , which , like the lisbon strategy , have until now suffered from a certain degree of apathy and from funding problems on the member states ' side . parte
the three institutions must develop laws that are easy to understand and enforce and achieve their stated objectives without detrimental side effects . collaterali
good relations between the two sides are not just desirable but essential , but they are only possible – and only useful – if based on a philosophy of upholding the values in which we believe and , consequently , if the european union does not hesitate to criticise – and to act accordingly – in cases where the countries in question do not fulfil their duties towards the international community or towards their own citizens . parti
. – the european parliament adopted the resolution on the mid-term review of the lisbon strategy with the vote of the ppe-de , the social democrats , the liberals and other conservative political forces , who put any minor differences between them to one side and united on the strategic objective of the lisbon treaty . parte
lastly , i would stress that parliament must not make concessions on research funds , and i hope that the commission will be on parliament ’ s side in this battle . alleata
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to start by thanking mrs locatelli both for her careful work and her truly exemplary cooperation with all sides . parti
i also think that a special role should be given to the existing ethics committee , which discusses and considers all sides of these important and sometimes difficult questions . sfaccettature
on the manufacturing side , the industry has in the past provided a very important employment opportunity in the sugar plants , in addition to supporting employment in associated industries . vista
in china , with a population of 1 ½ billion , the scale of the problem is different , but china has made enormous progress on the economic side . versante
they go to the coast on the other side . sponda
i call upon all the eu institutions to convey a message of understanding to the us government and , above all , congress so that a situation that we should regret on both sides of the atlantic does not occur in october 2005 . sponde
we certainly take their appraisals into account and we shall continue to do so , but if , for instance , their appraisal of that proposal is favourable , we shall have a strong argument on our side , in the sense that the proposal respects the fundamental right to data protection . favore
these approaches are two sides of the same coin , and they will form the guidelines for europe ’ s policy as far as the commission is concerned . aspetti
today is the opportunity thanks to this report , by the way to redress the balance , because for several years the repressive face of justice and home affairs has been the more fully developed side of the policy and even , in some respects , the only developed side . aspetto
it is a regrettable fact that the council is quite clearly on the wrong side of the fence on this matter . parte
does the commissioner think it might be appropriate , even this side of ratifying the constitution , for the council to adopt a joint resolution not merely condemning doping in sport , but stating what measures the individual governments that have a strong interest in winning the bid for the olympic games propose to take ? ratifica
what is to be noted on the positive side is that the commission has opposed the subordination of the unesco convention to the wto ’ s rules . aspetto
both sides must then work to create conditions that do not allow radicalism , paramilitary activity and religious extremism to operate . NULL
on the positive side , access to sanitary facilities has doubled over the past decade , and now stands at 43 % of the population . raddoppiato
from a humanitarian point of view , one cannot but feel concern regarding the dramatic conditions for the thousands of sahrawi refugees , the ongoing detention by the polisario of 408 moroccan prisoners of war , the difficulties for the families divided between the refugee camps and the western sahara , and the fate of people unaccounted for on both sides . fronti
this means that anyone affected by a humanitarian crisis is entitled to receive aid , no matter which side of the conflict they are on . parte
he , then , the leader of the italian opposition , should clean his own side of the street first . preoccuparsi
we must err on the side of precaution , not on the side of cost . eccesso
the streets of our cities are full of names of people and circumstances , of events that shaped our history and which are part of our collective memory : the westerplatte in gdansk-danzig , the place montgomery in brussels , the stalingrad metro station in paris , the boulevard dresde , just a few metres from here , and military cemeteries of both sides dotted across europe . belligeranti
the soviet union only started fighting on the allies ’ side in 1941 , when it was attacked by germany , its former partner . alleati
we are very glad that mr de rossa and mr titley have taken up their cause , approaching it from two sides , which are , though , ultimately one and the same . lati
john hume , the nobel peace prize laureate , also attended our group meeting today , and he stressed how important it had always been for him to perceive and acknowledge the differences in this europe of ours – not just the differences between two sides , but differences on the same side . fazioni
those who would have us believe that in northern ireland we have the good guys on one side and the bad guys on the other , do not accurately describe the situation . cattivi
i know that these sorts of acts do not only happen on one side of the community , unfortunately . parte
both the irish and british governments describe them as two sides of the same coin . facce
the other side of that coin is that more and more members of the public become disenchanted with a european union the most visible aspect of which is the way it decks itself in an array of bureaucratic rules and regulations . faccia
the commission has based its work on research by the world health organisation , but the council , in its common position , is showing that it has a very cynical side . cinismo
to give an example that i know first-hand , how could the internal section between turin and trieste not be completed if the union guaranteed the completion in a set time of the fréjus tunnel between turin and lyon on the french side , and the trieste-divača stretch on the italian-slovenian side ? lato
to be eligible for such a rate , projects will have to satisfy the following criteria : first , they will have to require action , construction works , on both sides of the border between two member states . versanti
they are very much related because millions of europeans are awaiting the result of certain debates in which they have placed very great hopes , since this directive is at the heart of social europe and will be a clear signal of our will and our conviction that the european social model has a future , otherwise we will be at the mercy of a future dictated not from the other side of the atlantic , but from the pacific . parte
. – ladies and gentlemen , political decisions are sometimes the result of compromises that are intended to keep both sides happy . parti
it amounts to misplaced interference in the conditions of the labour market , and it is not surprising that the two sides of industry have rejected the directive . parti
in my country , which without doubt has the eu ’ s highest standard of worker protection , these conditions are agreed between the two sides of industry . parti
i think that the public should be given both sides so that they can take the right decision . edotto
the rest has to be part of , i hope , an informed debate in each and every member state , where the ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ sides will be fully represented . schieramenti
madam president , mr lundgren , i do not think i stated anything at all about a bias towards one side or the other . lundgren
thank you , commissioner , for your very comprehensive answer , particularly as i must confess that the question – i do not know if it was my office ’ s fault or that of someone else – was intended for mr verheugen and was aimed more at the industrial policy side of things . aspetti
in terms of european internal market policy , then , it is the positive side of the coin , and my description of it as ‘ positive ’ is meant by way of comparison with the notorious services directive . lato
much has happened in sudan since then , however : above all , there has been a successful conclusion to the negotiations which led to the signing of the comprehensive peace agreement on 25 january , putting an end to 21 years of civil war between the north and the south of the country , even though the set of protocols included in the agreement is very demanding and requires good will on both sides . parti
there is therefore a problem on both sides . parti
as you might know , the neighbouring countries of this region , such as china , are also very interested in attracting them to their side . parte
the implementation date of 2010 gives both sides of industry time to negotiate new agreements that take account of the 48-hour week . parti
that is an issue for the parliaments and both sides of industry in each member state to decide about . parti
with 60 years having passed , rather than 60 years late , i should like to state the extent to which we , as europeans , must show our gratitude to the young us and canadian soldiers who came from the other side of the ocean to europe in order to liberate it , and we do not even know the number of other countries they helped to liberate . varcato
we knew that the threat was coming from the other side , and those on the other side believed that the threat was coming from our side . oltrecortina
while for most europeans may 1945 marked the liberation of their countries from nazi tyranny and the beginning of a new path to freedom and reconstruction , for those who found themselves on the wrong side of the iron curtain , one tyranny was quickly replaced by another . lato
the nations of europe looked at two sides of the same wall : the barbed wire divided us in two for half a century . lati
we are commemorating the losses suffered by all sides in the second world war , as well as those who fell victim to stalin during the war . parti
we are a political movement that has always been on the side of democracy and human rights , whether in the baltic states , in central and eastern europe or in the countries of southern europe in which dictators came to power after the second world war , namely portugal , spain and greece . parte
our forefathers met on this ground as soldiers on opposing sides . scontrarono
throughout the ceasefire negotiations and the three-year transition period , the union has remained in close contact with all sides in burundi , whether by means of the presence of mr ajello , the european union ’ s special envoy , or by means of a number of visits made by successive presidencies of the european union . parti
indeed it should be , and i think the european textile industry is prepared to do so , provided , though , that the trading game is played correctly on both sides . parti
the other side of the coin is that people are paid very low wages in china and hence have very little purchasing power , so the low level of wages in china puts us at a disadvantage and makes it less likely that we will sell goods there . NULL
each side should see what the other ’ s problems are and try to negotiate compromises . parti
where our opinions strongly diverge , mrs wallström , is that when we say it takes two to communicate , we do not mean that one side provides the information and the other takes it in . riceverle
it is irresponsible of us to allow such ignorance in this area , resulting in a great deal of popular disquiet as a result of the various misinterpretations , some of which we have just heard from various sides of the house . riproporre
in 1988 and 1991 , the russian people were considered , and often acted , as one of those captive nations , striving for democracy on the same side of the barricades with us , the baltic nations , against soviet totalitarianism . parte
there are two sides to all forms of communication and this is one of its most democratic characteristics . bilaterali
the situation was , unfortunately , that , of the two sides in the debate , the europeans took the view that something was amiss in togo , while most of the african delegates , in particular , protested when we tried to declare in advance of the election that it was neither free nor fair . parti
your statements , mr president of the commission , put you on the wrong side of the debate . parte
let me give you a very short overview from my side . vista
one could say that this is a political strategy that has been employed since time immemorial , but i would ask why the other side should have to sit back and allow it to happen . controparte
at the same time , of course , we should be asking ourselves who this other side actually is . controparte
there is , however , a lack of trust between the two sides which the enlargement of the european union has exacerbated rather than reversed . parti
the main argument here , especially on the side of the ppede group , was that there are already too many agencies that are not sufficiently costeffective and that thereby many of the tasks of the european institutions , such as parliament or the commission , would be delegated to agencies . parte
this would not have been possible without a spirit of cooperation and compromise on all sides and the political will to make it happen . realizzarlo
on the positive side , it should be noted that this proposal genuinely simplifies the structure of the current legal bases for financing , in particular in respect of rural development policy in the period 2007 to 2013 . aspetti
i think this is important from a content point of view , because i think that you , as the commission , have parliament much more on your side in the search for a real european perspective . parte
what does rather sadden me is the feeling i get that , over the last weeks and months , the member states and the various political families in this house have not – unlike the commission – been using economic and employment policy guidelines to bring business and labour together , but have instead , in debate , been resorting to the old-style models of class warfare , with employers on one side , workers on the other ; social protection mechanisms on the one hand and liberalisation on the other . parte
we believe this report succeeds in putting the demand side – rather than always the supply side – at the centre of energy strategy once and for all . versante
first of all , concerning the security of energy supplies , there are limited possibilities for the supply side . offerta
we should address the demand side : this is where we should focus our attention . domanda
it was believed that great strides had been made in recent years and the insurance industry on this side of the atlantic had been working very hard and thought they had reached an understanding of how things would move forward . parte
we have lived through that in northern ireland : our government foolishly tolerated ' no go ' areas for their own security forces , an acceptable level of violence , political status for prisoners , secret talks , side deals , the restructuring and renaming of the police , the soft-pedalling of paramilitary organised crime , and the ultimate ignominy of the early release of terrorists under the ill-conceived belfast agreement . collaterali
a solution on the expenditure side will only be feasible if it is accompanied by short-term and long-term solutions on the union ’ s own resources , corrective mechanisms designed to improve the internal balance of the budget . NULL
on the one side there is the 1 % proposed in the letter drafted by six member states , and , on the other , member states worried about structural and cohesion funds are demanding that union ’ s internal cohesion and convergence are safeguarded . lato
firstly , they are financially judicious , because , as has been partially explained in the course of this debate , they reflect an entirely satisfactory compromise on both the expenditure and the revenue side . sagge
on the expenditure side , we have managed to make proposals with the potential to curb expenditure in a number of areas , while on the resources side , as a previous speaker indicated – i think it was a council representative – there will be increases ranging from about 8 to 15 % in the final analysis , depending on the items , if i recall the figure that was quoted a short time ago . spese
if brussels had actually been building railway stations , for example , instead of constitutional castles in the air , the european union would not have been shunted into the sidings . binario
it is because the report that mr böge has presented specifically aims to set out guidelines for this and to make available the resources that we need that we are prepared to support it , but the public also expect their representatives – for such is what we are – to think not only about how to spend money where necessary , but also about the supply side ; in other words , they want to know where the money is going to come from . pensino
similarly , i should like to say that we are , of course , opposed to the renationalisation and cofinancing of the common agricultural policy and , finally , to add , as there is talk on many sides of the savings which need to be made and of the fact that we cannot hand out additional appropriations , that the european union budget corresponds in total to 2.5 % of public spending in all the member states . parti
it is a serious matter and it needs to be dealt with in a serious way and i am sure there are views on both sides on this , but to tie it into a general set of negotiations and discussions , when critical issues have to be decided for the future of our continent , would seem to me totally inappropriate . schieramenti
what we should be doing this morning is looking at the positive sides of what is going on in europe and what we can achieve outside of that situation . lati
is it not the europe of governments , which in the arrogance of their power imagined that they could rule europe on the side ? immaginavano
on the side – as the government , administration , legislator and even the provider of the constitution ! dominarla
– mr president , commissioner , mr president-in-office , ladies and gentlemen , mr bonde said that he wanted equal representation from both sides , but this parliament decided to support the constitution by a majority of 80-90 % , and 52 % of the population , through their parliaments and in referenda , have already said ‘ yes ’ to it ! parti
national egoisms need to be put to one side if we are to offer the european union a credible political future . egoismi
the communication contains a set of pragmatic proposals for boosting eu-us trade and investment and thus promoting competitiveness , growth , and jobs on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
on economic issues , solutions must be found , and agreements reached , with greater speed , for the two great democracies on opposite sides of the atlantic are still , economically speaking , the world ’ s great powers . sponde
i think that the partners on opposite sides of the atlantic have to understand just how very much they need each other if the values they share are to be defended and caused to prevail throughout the world . quanto
first , i should like to point out that , during the cold war , europe was the theatre of strategic operations and that the perception of threats was the same on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
the theatres of strategic operations have changed , but the real difference is in the perception of threats on both sides of the atlantic ; and if the perception of threats has changed , then so too must the strategies and operating methods . sponde
the two concepts and perceptions of threat on either side of the atlantic have thus grown apart . sponde
it would be nice , mr president-in-office , if you would listen to my contribution , because i would like to draw your attention to one particular issue on the economic side . natura
however , when we see , from the other side , that the need for diversity and the fostering of diversity are entrenched both in decision-making processes and in the minds of europeans , then it will be hard for us to simply leap this hurdle . parte
respect and a degree of humility on both sides have enabled a compromise to be reached . reciproco
the eu 's overall policy , including the policy projected through the joint motion for a resolution signed by the ' conservatives ' and social-democrat parties , proves that the usa and the eu are two sides of the same coin . facce
the free trade area on one side and political union on the other . lato
president juncker has already mentioned this : the summit with russia , those with canada and the united states , the better relationship we now have with our great partner on the other side of the atlantic , all of that can be credited to the luxembourg presidency . parte
in truth , these two visions are two sides of the same coin – without economic and also social integration it will not be possible to build a sustainable edifice of political integration . facce
the ‘ no ’ in the referenda and the lack of agreement in the council are simply two sides of the same coin . facce
it would appear that europe risks being divided into two camps ; on the one side advocates of closer political integration combined with efforts to achieve a more social europe , and on the other supporters of a europe limited to the single market , with a looser institutional framework . lato
president-in-office , i have been pleased that you have been as committed to the vital project to complete the internal market as we are on our side , and we will continue to work strongly with the british presidency to bring it to a conclusion and to build on the work that you have done . basandoci
i would call on the members of this house , on the british government and on all people of conscience to remember the crimes that were committed , and not to turn their backs on the victims or take the side of the perpetrators of violence . parti
i will leave this to one side for the time being . parte
the broad sweep of history is on the side of the european union . parte
our vision is still a vision of europe ; make it a reality , and we will be by your side . fianco
and , if the change you seek is none other than that very change in the european union , then tony blair the socialist will have europe ’ s socialists side by side with him – of that you may be certain . fianco
it is those who are sitting on this side of the house who will be the first to embrace you for saying that . abbracciarla
of course my view – our view in ukip and most of us here on this side of the house – is that we would much rather see a common market . ala
where was the tony blair of the good friday agreement , a man of understanding and goodwill , who could bring both sides of an intractable conflict to the table ; a man who showed singular courage on the iraq question , regardless of our views of the right or wrong . parti
after fifteen years in which malta has been divided by the issue of the european union , and by whether or not it should become a member , this week will at last see this division healed as soon as both sides of the maltese parliament vote in favour of the european constitution . schieramenti
i think that the transparency of your own institution would be of great value particularly when difficult decisions have to be taken and it would be useful to know who had been on what side . fazioni
firstly , mr trichet , i am told that the quality of your listening skills and of your contribution to the work of the economics and finance ministers of the eurozone is extremely high and that the latter are pleased to have you by their side when they debate the situation in the zone . fianco
support for environmental technologies is a policy which creates benefits for all sides , in that it strengthens the competitiveness of the european economy and reinforces sustainable development . rafforza
particularly where public services are concerned , privatisation and competition are invariably two sides of the same coin . facce
as lawmakers we must take both sides , of those who believe that the dividing line is beginning to encroach upon territory that has traditionally been the subject of patent protection and of others who stand in opposition to the belief that the common position of the council does not totally exclude the possibility of the patentability of software . NULL
on the one hand , we have heard , with regard to this directive , that if we do not come down on the side of patents in general , we will stifle innovation and make europe less competitive . soffocheremo
anyone who has been subject to the lobbying from both sides in this debate will have heard convincing arguments for and against the common position proposed . parti
smes very much fall on both sides of the argument , some wanting to protect their ideas and inventions and others fearing a patents minefield with the proposed common position . fazioni
the disagreements within the european union over military action against saddam 's regime in iraq are a matter of record and we all acknowledge that strongly held views remain on both sides . parti
it is not least in our interest that the trade in oil and natural gas be resumed ; as it will help secure our energy supplies to a considerable degree , it is important to both sides that legislation be approximated in the energy sector , too , and that adequate conditions under which investment can take place be established . parti
from our own experience , we know that post-war reconciliation is possible only when those who were formerly on opposite sides manage to agree on the history of the events , to ask for forgiveness for the misery inflicted and to bring to justice those responsible for the genocide and crimes against humanity . fronti
i therefore want to describe to you what it is like to be on the other side . parte
the european union ’ s position has always been that the question of taiwan should be resolved peacefully through constructive dialogue and it has urged both sides to avoid unilateral measures which might heighten tensions . parti
for instance , the meeting in jakarta on 23 april between japan ’ s prime minister koizumi and china ’ s president – at which i participated – was held specifically to de-escalate the tension and that demonstrates that both sides understand that they would stand to lose economically from rising tensions . parti
we have also called on both sides to develop initiatives for dialogue and understanding . parti
at the same time , however , they have also brought to light differences at political level which slowly but surely are leading both sides to an unavoidable and harmonious symbiosis , because the people 's republic of china needs the european union and the european union needs china . parti
we welcome any efforts by both sides to lower tensions , such as , as i mentioned in my introductory remarks , the cross-strait charter flights and visits by taiwanese opposition parties . parti
we hope that both sides can find a mutually acceptable basis for a resumption of peaceful dialogue and avoid unilateral measures , which might heighten tensions . entrambe
with regard to the china-taiwan question , the eu has been very explicit with both sides , consistently insisting on a peaceful resolution through dialogue , as i mentioned . parti
mr president , if you will allow me to briefly react , could i ask you , commissioner , which side you are on ? parte
on the other side of the coin , i regret the council ’ s absence , which sends out a pitiful message in response to such a large-scale tragedy in europe . parte
the whole house , including this side of the house , should support such an agenda if , indeed , it happens . ala
maybe you agree with what this or that side is saying , but we would like to know where you stand . dicono
or check whether they have been toasted on both sides at torremolinos during the previous fortnight when they were on holiday and say ' sorry , you can 't go in the sun this week at all ' ? abbrustoliti
this century 's culture of the image is a challenge to us to defend european culture and to channel it as a competitive product to other continents on our planet , given that to date , unfortunately , its citizens have consumed whatever is produced on the other side of the atlantic . sponda
i call on all sides to show goodwill in this endeavour , as it will be greatly needed if we are to finalise the deal for this year . parti
i believe it to be important that there should be a transparent catalogue of criteria on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
in a recent report on europol , all sides in this house felt that transparency was totally lacking . ali
our strengthening of human rights needs to acknowledge a truth which we should all accept : that the right to be protected from torture and ill-treatment must be considered side by side with the right to be protected from the death and destruction caused by indiscriminate terrorism , sometimes caused , instigated or fomented by nationals from countries outside the european union . istigato
there is another hidden side to this debate , which i would now like to mention . lato
last summer , enthusiasts from 17 european countries re-planted the green belt on the sides of mountains , remedying the damage done to the woodlands estimated at 195 million euro . pendici
if it is true that there is a great need for special paediatric medicines , the solution should be sought on the demand side through the authorities in the individual countries . versante
after disengagement , both sides will need to focus on making progress against their roadmap and sharm el-sheikh commitments . parti
we also regret that iran has chosen to reject , without serious consideration , the european side ’ s detailed proposals presented on 5 august . prenderle
i would like to reiterate that the european side is not asking iran to give up its civil nuclear programme . chiedendo
in other words , it needs to address the concerns of the peoples on both sides of the mediterranean . sponde
the professionalism of both sides is to be commended . parti
on the palestinian side , president abbas was able to keep the palestinian factions in check . versante
it is now for the international community to help move both sides forward in parallel , helping the palestinian authority to make progress on tackling incitement and the dismantling of terrorist infrastructure and pressing israel to bring to a halt the creation of new ' facts on the ground ' , which threaten to undermine future final status negotiations . parti
we , as the european parliament and as the european union in general , should continue to monitor developments in the area with close attention and , at the same time , to exert pressure on all sides to engage in substantial talks which will result before the end of 2005 in significant progress and , very soon , in a final solution to the problem , a solution which cannot but be the establishment of an independent palestinian state and , of course , the demolition of the wall and an end to the occupation , so that the parti
the consequence of this is that arabs have become convinced that the usa , in any case of doubt , will always take israel ’ s side , and nuclear weaponry has become more attractive as a prestige project . parte
yet this event must not conceal the other side of the coin ; between june 2004 and 2005 , 12 800 new settlers moved to the west bank and the president of parliament in jerusalem wants to set up another jewish settlement in the ancient heart of the arab city . rovescio
mr president , it is now becoming clear to both sides that the use of force will not achieve victory : the israelis cannot achieve their desired security , the palestinians cannot achieve their independent state . parti
both sides are now arriving at this conclusion , as demonstrated from the palestinian side , with the democratic election of president abbas , the mandate that he has received to negotiate peace and the fact that even hamas is now slowly entering the democratic process ; and from the israeli side , with the gaza disengagement , despite formidable opposition and the traumatic experience of the israelis . parti
the council and the commission – either through the quartet or on their own – must discourage , firstly , those palestinians who may consider that the gaza disengagement is a result of their intifada ; secondly , those in israel who may consider that this licenses them to proceed with further settlements or the continuation of the wall and , finally , encourage both sides , so that they avoid actions that strengthen the hands of those on the other side who oppose the peace process . parti
i believe that the departure of the settlers , in order to be a positive step and a window of opportunity , must be integrated into the framework of the implementation of the roadmap , without any new terms or conditions from the israeli side . parte
we have also made it clear that there must be full cooperation with the court by all sides . parte
the second action plan relates to five areas deemed essential to the northern countries : the economic side of trade and infrastructure , the development of human resources – education , culture , research and health – the environment and nuclear safety , cross-border cooperation and , finally , justice and home affairs . impernia
there needs to be a belief in good intentions on either side . interlocutore
it is important for the commission to succeed now in properly strengthening the baltic side of the northern dimension . lato
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the cornillet report undoubtedly contains many valid points , when it , for example , explores the seamy side of certain forms of tourism , such as the sexual exploitation of children in certain tourist destinations or property exploitation that affects the indigenous – and often less well-off – population . squallidi
these too are sad side effects of tourism that deserve our attention . collaterali
i would hope that the commission would view that debate and this one as two sides of the same coin , when looking to come up with a strategy in this area . facce
an understanding attitude on the part of both sides will bring us successes in which we can all share . parti
in order to express our rejection of war , and particularly of the involvement of eu countries in such a venture , let us invite to parliament mrs cindy sheehan , the mother of a us soldier killed in iraq , whose cry of pain , truth and humanity is moving opinion on both sides of the atlantic . sheehan
there will be difficulties ahead ; there are peace breakers on both sides who will try to derail this process . parti
we salute all of those , on both sides and none , who helped to bring us to this day . fronti
italy has avoided taking this matter seriously and rejects all efforts from the slovenian side for a diplomatic resolution to the problem . sloveno
thanks are also due to all those europeans who sided with solidarity and supported our fight for freedom and democracy when we were in prison or driven underground . preso
the commission from its side will assist wherever it can to ensure that the sense of urgency that is now being given to this matter does not evaporate . parte
we know what role the americans have played in defining , and conducting negotiations on , basel ii , and today we are witnessing a large question mark hanging over the schedule for , and the scope of , this agreement on the other side of the atlantic . sponda
great believer in the trans-atlantic relationship though i am , i do think we need to take care that economic harmonisation in europe does not take us down different roads from those taken on the other side of the atlantic . atlantico
mutual recognition of the wine-making practices on both sides of the atlantic poses a problem – my fellow members have spoken at great length about it – all the more so because some of these practices used by european wine growers are also banned by the wto . sponde
the intention is that this agreement should dispel the legal uncertainty that has marked this trading relationship for many years , and it was designed to benefit producers on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
from the eu side , it is calculated that each eur invested by the community in the agreement generated an added value of eur 5.7 , an impressive return on investment . dalla
but we shall leave that to one side . lasciamo
this is a serious problem affecting regions such as the algarve , in portugal , from where i hail , one of the outermost regions in terms of the european mainland , which also suffers from deep internal disparities , quite apart from the fact that it is surrounded on all sides by objective 1 areas . lati
we have seen on our television screens what has happened on the other side of the atlantic in highly developed areas like louisiana or texas . louisiana
i have not been informed of any irregularities with regard to this project , but the matter will certainly be investigated , just to be on the safe side . sicuro
nevertheless , one should also take into account the fact that this year still has some months to run , so if there is full involvement – which i believe there is on the greek side – we can try to avoid losing the funds within this year 's allocation for greece . parte
we managed to find a solution , we managed to finalise negotiations that were extremely difficult and painful for both sides . parti
however , the commitment on both sides was strong enough to resolve the problem , which was of a historical nature . parti
today we are working more on a current basis , but all the necessary efforts are being made on both sides and that makes me feel optimistic that we will resolve this problem . parti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , over the past weeks and months , i have lost count of the debates i have heard in turkey on the need to keep to agreements – , but that seems to apply only to the european side , and , in this house , not even to all , but only to those who take a critical view of turkey and its accession . parte
it is under these circumstances that negotiations with turkey are now to be embarked upon , and , as there is no likelihood of the two sides achieving union in the foreseeable future , they must be judged by the same standards , as of course required by the copenhagen criteria . parti
the possibility of the negotiations being open-ended as regards outcome and duration must , in the interests of both sides , be guaranteed . parti
reform is needed on both sides , and the negotiations will present both turkey and the european union with a great opportunity to implement it . parti
there have been wrongs on both sides and no justice is served by the pretence that the turks alone carry the blame . parti
now that we have achieved this , there are some on our side who say ' no thanks ' . dicono
at that time , mr schulz and i were on opposing sides ; i was campaigning for a ‘ yes ’ to the customs union , while he was against it . opposto
we should , i think , for our part , stand by the contractual agreements into which we have entered , for that will make it easier for us to retain a high degree of credibility if , in the event of the other side reneging on its undertaking , we have to declare that the negotiations are closed and are not being taken any further . parte
it was a ‘ no ’ from all sides . fronti
. almost a year and a half after the accession of ten new member states , eight of which were on the other side of the iron curtain , the 25th anniversary celebrations of the creation of the solidarity union have a special significance . parte
consumer and producer countries and international organisations need to work together to help make international oil markets function more effectively , both on the demand and on the supply side . offerta
on the commission side , we conveyed to opec our concerns about the fact that current insufficient spare capacity contributes to facilitating speculative movements on the international level and creates additional pressure on the oil market . parte
it would be easier for us to focus on the supply side and the difficulties caused by hurricane katrina , but if we did that we would just be applying a sticking plaster , when what we really need is major surgery . offerta
that is the sort of commitment we need if we are going to tackle the demand side of oil dependency , rather than just talk about it . aspetti
i must say that this was very positive because you have seen for yourselves the positive and the rather negative side of this millennium summit . cattivi
but there is a very strong commitment from our side to go on , with an excellent president of the general assembly . parte
i do not take the side of lukashenko ’ s government , nor do i support its abject failures , but i would like to warn that a policy of force using sanctions , demonisation of the regime ’ s representatives and propagandistic simplification of the problem usually only serves to escalate the situation , and resolves nothing . parti
the so-called ' bra wars ' have been the unfortunate side effect of our lack of foresight and preparation . collaterale
i would also like to make clear , however , that there are two sides to the question we are debating today . facce
in sectors such as automotives , telecom and banking there is a clear call for action on the chinese side to get fully in line with its commitments . esortata
on our side we must use the whole range of instruments at hand to push these cases forward both bilaterally and multilaterally . canto
finally , i would like to ask this : would it be a good idea for the commission to create a closer partnership with the people 's republic of china by extending bilateral cooperation in several sectors , which might prove to be beneficial to both sides ? parti
china has a civilisation that is much older than most of ours and our relationship with china is a relationship of equals in which neither side really has the right to lecture the other . parte
we must continue to find ways of cooperating with china and if each side of the relationship tries hard enough to understand and accommodate the basic concerns of the other , by looking ahead in a proactive way , the future is bright . parte
i have no doubt that there are such people on both sides of our relationship and i look forward to a bright and mutually rewarding future in cooperation with china . parti
all sides in this civil conflict – the insurgent communist party of nepal , marxists and the nepalese royalist army – are committing human rights abuses on a massive scale . NULL
it becomes increasingly apparent that the 1 february coup has unleashed many genies from the bottle : demands for republicanism and total democracy are now permeating nepalese society from all sides and it remains to be seen whether the much advocated ' twin pillars ' of constitutional monarchy and multi-party democracy are the only viable option for nepal 's future . perorati
however , this trust on our side is not unlimited and not unconditional . parte
when in 1918 , hungary was treated as being on the losing side in the first world war , it had to relinquish not only areas mainly populated by other nations , but also essentially hungarian areas such as the northern part of vojvodina . perdente
– serbia and montenegro is today one of the european countries where more than 20 nationalities live side by side . affianco
extremely serious acts have been committed on both sides of europe ’ s southern border , acts so serious that even colleagues who do not see european immigration policy in the same terms as ourselves could , i think , join us in deploring and condemning them . sponde
in addition , the rapporteur is right in pointing out that both the commission and the member states can each in their own way contribute to the development of cities : the commission by monitoring the side effects general economic and regional policy have on cities , and member states by drawing up development plans for their cities and urban areas . collaterali
agreements of this nature simplify and aid the flow of relations between the 25 member states and switzerland , and improve the lives of citizens on both sides . parti
it has its positive aspects but there is also a side to it that should not be overlooked . aspetto
i realise that there are strong political sensitivities on all sides and difficult issues to be dealt with . lato
the commission has shown which side it is on when it comes to working conditions etc . parte
we need to look at things from the other side as well , commissioner . punto
i did not mention much on the veterinary side because that is to do with the pandemic stage . aspetto
if we are to succeed in bringing communities together from both sides of the sectarian divide continued funding for the peace programme is crucial fazioni
we are calling on both sides to cooperate fully with the international red cross on the question of the disappeared and missing since the conflict began . parti
it is in the interests of both sides that our delegation should be able to do its work there without let or hindrance ; that is indeed a minimum and something that should go without saying . parti
while we respect both sides , and want to do our bit in establishing peace , it must be clear beyond doubt that peace is possible only on the basis of law , which , in this case , means international law , with particular reference to human rights . parti
we will not take one side or another – the european people ’ s party will certainly do no such thing – but we are not mincing words when we express our view that human rights are human rights , that political detainees are political detainees , and that , if there is any real desire for a solution to this knotty problem , these latter must be set at liberty with neither ifs nor buts . parteggeremo
there seems to be a view that , by asking for the truth to be established , we are in some way taking sides against the uzbek authorities . schierando
this tibetan lama has long been a thorn in the side of the chinese authorities , even though he has never taken part in political demonstrations . fianco
at a time when public accountability – and not just concerning financial management – is a big issue on both sides of the atlantic , his arrival here and his appointment are to be much applauded . sponde
all available studies indicate that labour markets have not been flooded with workers from the new member states , and that the economic effects have all been on the positive side . valenza
he replied that he was not afraid because he had right on his side . parte
close cooperation between the two sides of industry can facilitate restructuring , just as increased information can reduce the fear of globalisation . controparti
in that debate , commissioner špidla , the commission must side with the consumer . schierarsi
throughout this process we had consultations with our trading partners but there were no common positions from their side that could have been the basis for a negotiated solution . negoziata
there are two sides to this directive : one has to do with the internal market , which the directive makes stronger for all service providers in the field of occupational retirement provision , and the other has to do with social security for workers , with more dialogue between employers and workers when occupational retirement schemes are set up and in the course of their further development . aspetti
however , just as their faith in the maginot line failed them in 1940 , once again the enemies of free , independent states are coming in around the side and engulfing all . tergo
experience has shown that the demand for seasonal labour cannot be met on the german labour market , and so people are losing out on every side . fronti
reach is not about the control of chemicals ; it is about bureaucrats responding to the multinationals , both sides of an unspoken agreement happy to exploit the insatiable desire for yet more social engineering and centralised control . parti
this comment is directed at those on both sides who voiced controversial opinions during this debate . parti
nevertheless , through patient dialogue and , i hope in due course , negotiation , we should be able to make some necessary and important improvements that will be of benefit to our respective business communities and , therefore , to jobs and livelihoods on both sides of the atlantic . parti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in order to be credible in the eyes of europeans , the european union has to leave its good intentions to one side and act practically by providing itself with ambitions linked to investments . parte
in our thinking there is no contradiction between cohesion on one side and competitiveness on the other , on the contrary . lato
it took place , however , in duly romantic and exclusive surroundings , so the odds were all on your side . favore
above all – and this will be my final point – we must leave to one side a budgetary debate characterised by an increase in national self-interest . egoismi
tell the people what it is that you intend taking away from them before you start pretending to be on their side ... parte
it must renounce groups using terror and violence , including the kind of sickening propaganda that was referred to by mr poettering , and support a solution to the palestinian question based on the principle of two states living side by side in peace and in security . coesistenza
the joint recommendations that resulted from that seminar were handed over to the chinese side during that last dialogue . controparte
i would ask you whether the problem of the western sahara is not a relic of our own , european , colonial past , and whether we ought not to try to understand both sides – the moroccans and the other factions – if we are to bring about a real compromise solution that takes account of morocco ’ s interests too . parti
the motions for resolutions by the european parliament not only fail to refer to any of this , they shift the responsibility to smaller states and individual sides , often with libellous accusations , in order to create pretexts for new interventions and wars and to safeguard their sovereignty . calunniose
it is certainly a positive development that further bus links connecting people on either side of the border in punjab are at the planning stage , and further talks on rail links and the prospect of agreement on the joint construction of a gas pipeline in the region are developments that we naturally welcome . lati
let us not lose sight of the fact that this earthquake is already a terrible human catastrophe , but a winter is looming in which there will be mass mortality among the civilian population unless the powers-that-be on both sides at last get the better of their inability – which is to some extent their unwillingness – to cooperate and help one another , and unless aid gets to where it is needed . parti
the politics of this region must be put aside in an effort to save lives , and this motion welcomes the coordination and opening of new routes between india-controlled kashmir and the pakistan side . parte
the reality of war and military leaders acting with impunity results in repression and abuse : forced relocation of communities and destruction of villages , thousands of internally displaced people living in the forest , the rape of women and girls – many such incidents documented by human rights organisations , forced labour , the use of up to 60 000 child soldiers – i met two young 16-year-old defectors from the burmese armies , and the random use of landmines by both sides littering the jungle to lethal effect . sedicenni
i would like to be clear that we were voting on the ppe-de amendment , then we will be happy on our side of the house and i think on the other side as well . lato
i firmly believe that through this approach we are placing ourselves not only on the right side , but also on the winning side , the side of gradual change . vincente
i sincerely hope , commissioner and mr president-in-office of the council , that you will be on our side when we come to develop european sports policy – one that will , over the next few months and years , focus first and foremost on this undeniable social role both within the european union – with or without a constitution – and outside it . appoggerete
the problem has already elicited complaints from the population even on the austrian side . fiume
needless to say , the committee on budgets is mainly concerned with the financial side of things , but that has not stopped it from mainly speaking out in favour of the first option that would take effect in the event of an outbreak , namely to give priority to renewed vaccination . aspetto
the other side of the coin is that the pharmaceutical research industry invests masses of money in effective and innovative preparations . faccia
this stands to reason , for the sme sector is mainly on the side of the consumers and shippers . parte
that is why i fully agree with mrs beňová that this is a serious case and we need to have a serious and correct answer from the commission so that the slovakian people know that the european union is on their side . parte
it is not in the least acceptable that dubious candidates – those , for example , who hush up their involvement in the murky side of party finance – have no problem getting through . limpide
the commission , from its side , will assist wherever it can to ensure that a real sense of urgency is given to this matter . parte
i am glad that he concluded by saying that he is on our side if we adopt it as proposed – and i can tell him that we will . parte
in the end , what we are being presented with today , ladies and gentlemen , is a mixture of irresponsible populism on the part of members who wish to satisfy their fellow citizens resident in spain at any cost and on the part of spanish members who have decided to play local or regional politics in the european parliament — from one side and from the other : you have just seen a demonstration of this . parte
now we need to deliver from the commission side and also from the member states ’ side . parte
the co-existence side by side within the eu , of 25 different tax systems , with marked differences not only in terms of the tax rates levied , but also of the manner in which profit is calculated , has , over the past ten years , led to one result above all others , in that the share of business tax in the funding of public budgets is on the way down , and a growing proportion of the tax burden is placed on the person who earns ordinary wages for working for someone else , or on the NULL
each required some compromise from both sides , in some cases , frankly , going into uncharted budget waters , which perhaps explains why it was necessary to take a little longer over negotiations than has been the case traditionally . parti
it is strange that the commission did not feel the need to defend its own original proposal , but instead took the side of the council . parti
this is the second time the plenary sitting of the european parliament has considered the commission ’ s 2006 work programme , and i hope that both sides will become a bit wiser as a result of this procedure . parti
i have always been of the opinion that , when faced with a recurrent threat to undermine world peace and stability , people will , under exceptional circumstances , willingly accept restrictions to their privacy if the other side of the coin is greater peace of mind and security . faccia
on the internet side , it is even technically unfeasible . irrealizzabile
we have asked for specific gestures from the tunisian side . tunisina
by rallying round the systematic detractors of tunisia , such as mrs flautre , and by attacking a country which , i repeat , has been exemplary , this house will convey the impression that it seeks , under cover of cooperation and respect for human rights , to harden positions on both sides , which will ultimately foster islamic fundamentalism . parti
where iran is concerned , we are right there by your side . contare
so , in dealing with iran , speak out against ahmadinejad and in favour of peace in the middle east ; in this respect , we are one your side . contare
that lot on the other side were over here only recently , wrecking our country and killing millions of people , and now they are supposed to be getting more money ? ’ devastato
if you want to fight terrorists , please , come back to the rule of law and then you will have us , the greens , on your side . fianco
i should like to begin by congratulating you , the men and women of parliament , on having recognised the qualities of - and , above all , on having awarded a prize such as this to - journalists who are , all the same , a constant thorn in your side and towards whom you often do not hold back your criticism – for good reason . fianco
are you aware of the dark sides of those with whom you communicate ? lati
that shows what the other great democracy on the other side of the atlantic is capable of , and this gives us our starting point : what the democrats and the supporters of the rule of law , both in europe and america , have in common , is not only the capacity to combat terrorism , but also the capacity to do so under credible conditions and while maintaining the rule of law . lato
there is no anti-american feeling in this ; let us just say that the balance between security and liberty , between human rights and the fight against terrorism , has been tipped away from the side of human rights . spezzato
we are talking about fisheries partnership agreements with obligations on both sides . parti
i revert to the point i made earlier this evening that we are now talking about fisheries partnership agreements in which both sides acquire rights but also take on obligations . parti
i am referring to the vice-president of the sitting in question , who saw fit to interrupt me and to take sides regarding the background to my dispute with the french government . interrompermi
if it is fundamentally the case that , despite past animosity , there is now the will for peace on both sides , could the commission and council not play a more active role in bringing the two sides together ? parti
we are also most concerned about troop movements on both the ethiopian and eritrean sides of the border . lati
prostitution is the atrocious reason for trafficking in human beings , but prostitution and trafficking in human beings are two sides of the same coin . facce
madam president , there are always three sides to the trafficking of human beings : the victims , the organised crime networks and the demand side . elementi
a recent comprehensive study commissioned by the committee on women ’ s rights and gender equality and conducted by the italian-based transcrime institute , shows that this restrictive view on the demand side has a decisive impact on the number of victims of trafficking . incide
nonetheless , it is useful for everyone on all sides to realise that there is no viable alternative to the multilateral trade system . parti
on the credit side , i would like to point out that your negotiating style and the way in which you communicated information to this house helped reinforce our determination , and for that you have our warm thanks . NULL
the european union now needs to cooperate with all sides , especially those with a large share of emissions , such as the united states , and the countries with emerging economies , in a constructive dialogue on broadening participation in the future international regime in the climate change sector . livelli
in any event , mr president , i should very much like to thank the european parliament for its contribution to the success of these important negotiations , which will enable the european union to increase the opportunities for its air transport industry , which i believe is an industry that deserves credit for creating jobs in europe and for showing us a particularly dynamic side to europe and a europe in which the development of transport goes hand in hand with a high level of security and with high-quality transport . volto
i hope that we shall reach the most harmonious of agreements , because both sides , russia and the european union , need each other within the framework of the general interests of our peoples . parti
commercial negotiations between the two sides will continue in order to find a price adjustment formula that is mutually acceptable . parti
while it is evident that the eu could not and should not take sides , we made it clear to both sides that it was in their strong interest to come to an agreement rapidly . schierarsi
it only takes a storm on the other side of the ocean or the ukrainian event to start a crisis or even a panic . sponda
both sides in the dispute had known that for ages . parti
following the orange revolution , a renewed willingness on the ukrainian side to boost eu-ukraine cooperation could be observed . ucraina
however , important steps remain to be taken by ukraine in the implementation of the action plan , in areas such as the rule of law and in particular on the economic side : the fight against corruption ; adopting relevant legislation for wto accession ; and improving the business climate . versante
given that both sides have agreed , in principle , to review the implementation of the ceasefire agreement , is the eu , as co-chair of the peace process , planning on taking this opportunity to push for a human rights declaration signed by both the government and the ltte in order to put the protection of fundamental human rights at the heart of the peace process ? NULL
on the other side of the coin , deregulation via price is damaging to the small producers here in europe and , even more so , in the acp countries and the least developed countries , who will sell their sugar for less and may even have to stop producing , without any viable alternative source of income . ai
nevertheless , by safeguarding the possibility of the restructuring fund supporting those giving up on part of the quota , we will be helping the sugar industry in some countries , such as portugal , and shifting it away from the agricultural sector towards sustaining the processing side of the industry . saccarifica
like many other people , i am convinced that europe would be better off if you were seated on the other side this morning , if you were president of the commission rather than just the temporary president of the council . parte
i sincerely hope that you share this vision brought to you by the socialist governments of europe and that you will bring the forces on the other side together , whether they be grey or of any other colour . sponda
the second aspect that i would like to highlight is one that i regard as positive , namely europe ’ s need for solutions to be reached between the two sides of industry and its self-evident inability , in this dynamic and global growth process , to abandon the concept of partnership between them . parti
it is also my duty , as head of the austrian government , to take care that neither side of austrian industry is put under excessive strain and that the balance between openness and protection – to which a number of speakers here have referred – is maintained in this case . settore
this had also been an attempt to put this sector , which is so important to national development , in the hands of the major shipowners , thereby driving the two sides even further apart . maestranze
following the rejection of this proposal , and for all reasons mentioned , i urge the european commission to enter into a vast consultation process with all parties concerned , also giving voice to those parties neglected until now and representing the demand side , and to propose an ambitious white paper on european seaports policy in its entirety , and this at the earliest possible opportunity . trascurate
right through to the end of the austrian presidency , there will be a whole series of other events , for the debate on europe ’ s future is a many-sided one , and it is only when all of its sides are lit that all the dimensions with which we have to do become apparent . sfaccettature
the principle of – let the other side be heard – is one of the fundamental preconditions for real dialogue . parte
we demand a free , fair and open debate with equal representation of the ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ sides . no
both sides are responsible for the excesses , but chechen civilians have suffered out of all proportion . parti
when i spoke to the ministers ' deputies today , i made a commitment to do everything possible on the european union side , so that , if at all possible , this memorandum can be finalised before the end of the romanian presidency , in other words by the end of may this year . parte
one might ask , then , why we are bothering to have a debate , especially at this very late hour , given this complete agreement on all sides of the house . ala
we see ourselves as on the same side as you . parte
nevertheless , on the positive side , i should like to say that the commissioner has appointed a representative for smes and , in françoise le bail , has made a very good choice . aspetti
on the credit side , penalised members will not lose their right to vote and will be able to appeal . lati
mr president , i believe that , in the middle east at the moment , there is a combination of , on the one hand , hope and , on the other , of substantial change on both the palestinian and israeli sides . israeliano
at a time when we are , in some quarters , seeing the idea of a greater israel replaced with that of a greater jerusalem , the people who truly champion peace and who advocate a state with a single military power rather than illegal militias , which are incompatible with peace on the palestinian side , have few arguments to put forward unless we make quicker progress towards improving the quality of life of the palestinians and can in some way slow down the expansion of settlements on the ground . dalla
on the israeli side , there have for a very long time been two political obstacles to any prospects of peace . fronte
we also need to ensure , however , that the results of such democratic elections are accepted by all sides , even if the election winners include political forces – such as hamas – that we perhaps do not like so much . parti
this is the time for the european union , among others , to convince and encourage everybody on the palestinian side that there is only one way : the politically and democratically chosen way , which is incompatible with armed struggle or with terrorism . campo
i agree with my cypriot colleague , mr kasoulides , that an interesting situation is also arising on the israeli side . kasoulides
finally , the important thing for us will be to work very closely with both sides because , as many others have said , the palestine-israeli conflict greatly influences the stability of the whole region . parti
i did , nevertheless , vote in favour of this report , but only to avoid siding with the opponents of a more integrated europe with greater solidarity . schierarmi
europe must not take sides on the basis of considerations that the cambodians find incomprehensible , but must consistently stand up for human rights and democracy , irrespective of who is in power . schierarsi
we will be on your side ensuring , together with the commission and president-in-office winkler , that europe will ensure open doors and dialogue and , hopefully , open doors once again over the next three months . fianco
the international community must now provide a tangible perspective of progress , using our efforts on both sides , with the israelis and with the palestinian authority . versanti
we are faced with a new scenario that requires new proposals , a new commitment and new pressures on both sides . fronti
there must be new pressure on both sides of the conflict . parti
this is what needed to be said no less clearly and directly to the pragmatists on both sides : a democratic ballot has just brought to power an undemocratic ideology . parti
this is an important issue , rather than various conditions which are unilateral towards the palestinian side . palestinesi
you have , i might add , been warmly applauded on all sides of the chamber . banchi
the coexistence of people on both sides of the border and their cooperation are important elements of stability and security along the external borders . lati
this regulation provides a basis for the strengthening of economic , cultural and other ties on both sides of the border , so it is important for the border countries as well as for the european union as a whole . lati
the fact is that a border is truly secure and flexible only when those on both sides of it work as closely as possible together , and it is certainly one of the tasks of our new neighbourhood policy to get this aspect of bilateral security addressed by both sides jointly . parti
if that decision is taken , it will not of course be long before the russian side too increases the charge to approximately the same amount . pressappoco
for example , anyone in eastern finland wanting to cross by boat to the russian side of the saima canal would be forced to pay more in visa charges than for the crossing itself . lato
we feel that this will ensure contact between those on the two sides of the border , and at the same time , it will filter out any abuse . lati
consequently , in order to complete the internal market , reforms of the economic side , especially those aspects relating to the market liberalisation , are all the more pressing . tipo
although mrs thyssen said that in the last few weeks and months this directive has been the symbol of a gulf between europe and its institutions on the one side and the public on the other – which was a pity , but was unfortunately the case – it is also symbolic of the question of whether this europe is capable of taking us forward in the direction of greater growth and employment . lato
both sides will have to demonstrate their good will in this process , however , if a solution is to be reached that is acceptable to both sides . NULL
mr president , the russian side repeatedly complains that the baltic states are not meeting their obligations , especially so far as the russian minorities in those states are concerned . parte
this dialogue between the european union and russia on one side , and opec on the other , must be continued and strengthened . lato
this is a true compromise : it is the subject of criticism from both sides , which clearly shows that we have found a happy medium . parti
and we find the same desperate situation on the other side . parte
mr president , i do not entirely understand your reaction , particularly if we bear in mind the applause coming , for once , from all sides of the assembly , following what was said by mr schultz , the chairman of this great party that is the socialist group in the european parliament . emiciclo
as political representatives from all sides , we have powerful tools available to us . schieramenti
on the operational side , i feel that the main priorities are the strengthening of europol , which is currently underused ; rapid , comprehensive reaction in support of victims , whereby victims can be offered immediate assistance ; and improved exchange of information and statistical data , to which you referred earlier , commissioner . NULL
the positive side of all this was the strengthening of our collective belief in the force of community across the globe , with the outpouring of aid and goodwill from governments and individuals alike . lato
there are not two blocks with the old member states on one side and the new ones on the other . lato
we need to bear this in mind at a time when , from one minute to the next , it is possible for a decision taken by a board of directors on the other side of the world to completely destroy , here on our territory , the fruit of decades of work . parte
both sides of industry , including employees , must be involved in the whole process so that , when the restructuring process takes place in the form of skills updating and such like , people are prepared . NULL
there has been cooperation between the company , both sides of industry and the local community with a view to creating new jobs . parti
on the positive side , compared with the old extradition process , the time delay has reduced dramatically . lati
unilateral policies like the ones currently being pursued in that region lead to catastrophe , and by that i mean the unilateral policies of both sides . parti
if both sides believe that their legitimate position can give them a universally valid right to action , allowing them not to talk to each other and to hold each other in contempt , then the international community must put an end to it . NULL
therefore , let us be honest : what we have to fight against is unilateral , arbitrary actions by both sides . parti
naturally , this event will provoke further reactions and tensions on both sides , leading to what might be described as a ‘ never-ending story ’ . parti
it is my devout wish that we might offer assistance in this way , since both sides now need peace at last . parti
the action in jericho was a significant , emotive event , which leads to problems on the palestinian side . parte
let me state very clearly that we unequivocally condemn all forms of violence , regardless of which side perpetrated it , and we call on all parties to act responsibly and to exercise the maximum restraint . commessa
the eu has been and continues to be a donor to the palestinians , and so we appeal loudly and clearly for violence against eu interests or against our nationals to be avoided at all costs and call on all sides to exercise restraint , in order to prevent the situation from worsening . parti
the agreement provides for benefits for both sides , and safeguards a sustainable fisheries policy in the fsm . parti
the european union should adapt its responses , enhance the role of both sides of industry and put in place tools designed more successfully to anticipate restructuring . parti
preparations for this on our side and in the balkans must run in parallel . parte
the preparation of both sides must be consistent and thorough , and while it is in progress , practical action needs to be taken to prepare the countries of the balkans for accession to the european union , not least by making visa arrangements simpler and easier . parti
on the one hand , there is the situation with which both sides in the holy land itself are presenting us ; on the other , there is the issue of how probable it is that iran will be deterred from a military nuclear programme . parti
both sides must now give very careful consideration to the consequences of their actions . parti
from this side , the commission should speed up the submission of its proposal for the granting of entry visas to the citizens of the balkan countries . vista
the challenge for us now is to make use of all the appropriate opportunities for dialogue to successfully continue the long-standing efforts towards bringing the peoples on both sides of the mediterranean closer together . sponde
as i said , what we wanted to create with the euromed partnership is exactly that : a partnership , which means both sides will have to do their utmost to get things moving and quite a lot of reforms are still necessary . parti
( mr president , the work of the current un human rights commission has been severely criticised from nearly all sides . parti
it means that while we are living longer , we also need to ensure – especially from the political and medical side – that the expectancy of a healthy life becomes longer and that people do not only get older but also healthier . medica
i congratulate all the political forces in spain , which have been able to take a stand and negotiate since , in order to prevent a massacre from taking place , the different sides must be able to talk to each another . parti
there must be a parity of esteem between the different sides of the argument ; there must be respect for the divergence of opinion ; but , most importantly of all , we must never forget that lives have been sacrificed needlessly because people refused to talk to each other on an equal basis and on an equal footing . parlarsi
the solution should be a comprehensive , global , consistent and fair strategy encouraging understanding and lasting solidarity between the growing number of generations living side by side . fianco
on the processing side , however , major progress and investments are still needed . versante
compromise means giving and taking on both sides and at the end accepting something that is not exactly what you originally wanted . parti
alongside the relevant action which will be taken by the individual member states , is the european union prepared to demonstrate its support in this difficult time in order to send a message to the farmers in the countries affected that the european union is by their side because , as we know , solidarity is the leading principle in the european union ? fianco
once again , the european institutions are taking the side of financial interests to the detriment of the general interest . fianco
commissioner kroes takes care of the competition part and commissioner mccreevy takes care of the internal market side . parte
one can perhaps see both sides , but it is important to keep at it and , much like mr evans said , if we want a transatlantic market , let us keep it and let us watch out for american protectionism in the meantime . lati
i believe that it is in this area that the ‘ development box ’ – a programme for smes , designed to bring together small family-run businesses in the developed world and in the least developed countries – would be a good way for both sides to be successful in the future . parti
i am against because , this being such a delicate issue , which has not been entirely concluded , involving an agreement which is still subject to substantial alterations by both sides , we cannot deny the competent committee , the committee on fisheries , its rightful report , debate and vote . parti
it would be inconsistent for the esf to determine wages ; that is something that the two sides of industry are quite capable of doing , and should be left to them . parti
i am happy to say all this to those on the social democratic side , for it is reforms that provide security . rivolgendomi
people who live near to a border between states will not be prevented from offering their labour on either side of it , and so , over recent years , whole new categories of workers are putting themselves on the streets , with artisans and building workers offering their services , and this is proving to be a successful game for them ; they are much in demand . lati
we have now seen that that makes no sense , that that fear is entirely irrational and that we cannot allow one of the fundamental freedoms in the european union to be pushed to one side for a period of time , for purely populist reasons or through fear of how certain societies may react . congelata
what we are seeing is the financial side prevailing over the actual economy , whereby the emphasis is placed on the need to inspire confidence via the narrow implementation of monetary policy by the european central bank and the stability and growth pact , and on the need to reduce taxes for businesses . NULL
we also have as a central clause freedom to provide services , proposed by this side of the house . ala
i think it could go further , but i am delighted that the two are linked together , which was a key demand from this side of the house . ala
of course , we need full and independent information from all sides on all aspects , not just the effects on business . parti
each of the two sides of the debate maintains that it has won the day . parti
– madam president , ladies and gentlemen , better community lawmaking means assessing and defining the endeavour with regard to its technical side . aspetto
additionally , within the european neighbourhood and partnership instrument , which is still currently under preparation with regard to its legal form by the commission , there will be the possibility of working together with neighbouring countries and regions on issues related to those that you are addressing to create jobs and employment opportunities on the other side of the border . parte
both sides must demonstrate will : the member states and ultimately the council , on the proposal of the commission , once the commission and the european central bank have judged that the criteria have been complied with . parti
on the positive side , we have noted a flourishing of creative activity , cultural exchanges abroad and patronage for cultural events . aspetti
on the negative side , i could mention the concentration of effort and resources on specific cultural events at the expense of social and cultural movements in the city and region concerned . negativi
the declaration was a provocation , which we can now put to one side . accantonare
looking at the positive side , yesterday we saw where parliament can respond . lato
in this regard , there is enough evidence to make me feel optimistic that the union really can win back people ’ s confidence , as it is evidently prepared to be on the side of reason . parte
i would like to state as loudly and clearly as possible that we are prepared to work with both parties to ensure that those resources are used for good purposes and i believe that that will be possible , if there is sufficient will on both sides . parti
we support a two-state solution leading to a final and comprehensive settlement of the conflict , with israel and a palestinian state living side by side within secure and mutually recognised borders . fianco
but as ever , we have to work with both sides . parti
so the onus is clearly on the palestinian side , and on the new israeli government to act responsibly in fulfilling its obligations . palestinesi
i firmly believe that both sides , especially the population , are tired of the conflict and desperate for peace , but it is up to their leaders to show responsibility and statesmanship as we move forward . parti
we send our best wishes to both sides . parti
to conclude , allow me to say one thing : we must be very clear with both sides and make them fully aware that our principles are our principles . parti
there is not exactly a serious spokesperson on the palestinian side to match , under these circumstances , mr olmert , who has won a victory at the israeli ballot box . parte
. – mr president , commissioner , mr high representative , during the elections in both palestine and israel , it was still clear to me , despite the different outcomes , that the great majority of citizens on both sides are moderate , and that they want peace and an end to violence . parti
it must therefore be a negotiated agreement , because only negotiated agreements accepted by both sides can stand up . parti
as you know , its minister of foreign affairs , alluding to peace based on a two state solution , addressed these words to kofi annan yesterday : ‘ we look forward to live in peace and security [ … ] side by side with our neighbours in this sacred part of the world . ’ fianco
now that it has no partner on the palestinian side , israel needs all our support to continue its commitment to the peace process . parte
it therefore takes two to negotiate , and both sides need to be willing . parti
otherwise , ladies and gentlemen , there will be a unilateral policy on both sides . parti
in the end , they first had to call on the international community and then they had to call the palestinian side , because it is impossible to unravel a situation which is so united and do it unilaterally . palestinesi
we want to protect them , including mr milinkevich , and we want to send a clear signal that we are on the side of the population and those people who are exercising their rights . parte
mr sonik also wished to establish whether the council was satisfied with the response by the chinese side , however . sonik
it is good that it is on the agenda at troika and high level meetings , but mr sonik was obviously hoping that stronger pressure could be exerted on the chinese side to ensure implementation of these provisions . augurava
the chinese side has known for many years that re-education camps have long been a thorn in the flesh of the european union , because they certainly do not meet the normal international standards of human rights . rieducazione
i hope that my fellow members of the other parties in this house will not side with bush , but rather with the millions of women and girls . schierino
the other side of the coin is that in europe we have an ageing population and we have declining birth rates . faccia
i believe that it is impossible to talk about corruption in developing countries without looking at the other side of the coin : to what extent are we , as developed countries , responsible for their corruption and what benefit do we derive from it ? faccia
the workers and the grass-roots movement need to condemn the imperialist plans and stand side by side in their struggle and their right to decide on their future and choose their own destiny . imperialisti
all sides have their shortcomings and we in this house must continue to encourage where necessary , and criticise where necessary . parti
i know that there is a ban in place and i would ask the commission to give us the decisive view on this , because we have received conflicting information from both sides of this debate . parti
what has become known as the oslo process , and the roadmap , have begun to give this right of self-determination practical shape in the form of a independent palestinian state coexisting side by side with israel . fianco
on the palestinian side , president abbas has indeed a key role to play , including in negotiating with israel . parte
as long as that ceasefire holds there is hope of bringing the two sides together again for dialogue and negotiation . parti
i hope that the process may be set in motion by the continued use of well-judged language on our side too , and also wish to thank the presidency for its evident efforts at guiding the process down this path . parte
i hope that also , from the side of the hamas-led government , they understand our messages . capisca
mr salafranca sánchez-neyra reminds us that we must eventually adopt a strategic approach to latin america , a broad outlook that aims to place side by side all the points that matter to us : the social aspect , the economic aspect and the cultural aspect . accanto
as the commissioner said , there are undertakings to be given by both sides ; we in the european union are prepared to give them , and our latin american partners must of course be willing to do likewise . parti
what we have , in other words , is a market with importing countries and exporting countries , and this is an important factor in how both sides might approach this work . parti
our second focus must be on the supply side of the market . occuparci
eu member states badly need a cohesive , united road-safety policy , and the issue of which side of the road cars drive on in the member states must also be looked at closely at this stage . lato
for historical , cultural and linguistic reasons , this is an area with huge potential for developing political and economic cooperation and , more importantly , international relations , where collaboration between those on both sides of the atlantic could be extremely advantageous . lati
mr president , put the constitution to one side and start afresh . ricominciamo
we decided then – and rightly so – that after the ' no ' , we should focus the debate more on the environment prevailing around the european constitution ; in other words , we should focus on the context and leave the text to one side a little . parte
we would like to launch this cooperation through fruitful dialogue between civilisations and cultures which can enrich both sides of the mediterranean and help all of us to defuse extremist views in order to ensure that our historically close links continue , and for us to be able to achieve peace in the mediterranean area . sponde
the initial signature of the first agreement in history between the two sides in 1993 also took place in oslo , before its official signing in washington that same year . parti
we want negotiations between partners as an alternative to the israeli policy of unilateralism , diktat and the negation of the other side . israele
the fact is , appropriate labelling is indispensable to consumers and , personally , i am delighted that , from now on , the packaging of a product that may be ‘ low in fat ’ but that also has a ‘ high sugar content ’ will have to have both facts stated on the same side , equally visible . lato
it also highlighted external policy options , such as strengthening the framework for energy relations between the eu and russia in order to give more confidence to both sides , as well as policies and measures to diversification of the geographical sources and transportation routes of external energy supplies to the eu . reciproca
therefore , the short answer to the questions that have been asked is that we are looking for diversification , but it is extremely important to establish measures on the demand side , because only with demand-side measures , energy efficiency and savings can we actually establish our energy independence more strongly and , at the same time , look towards our goals of sustainability and competitiveness . versante
another thorn in my side is that the comitology procedure is being fostered to a certain extent . un
on the revenues side , we have failed to get rid of the unjustified uk special rebate . entrate
on the expenditure side , the fact that the council kept to a 1 % level for payment appropriations undermined a budget which could have achieved european added value , as the community budget would have been more than just the sum of the member states ’ contributions . NULL
they have been put to one side in favour of continuing as we are , when europe deserves so much better . parte
on every side of this house , i will make a bet with you that , month after month , year after year , report after report , we will have to suffer the long litany of regrets at having an insufficient budget , but it will be too late . NULL
we should think about whether the effects of this financial perspective , which is not satisfactory for either side , will be as keenly felt in two years as the lack of the constitutional treaty . parti
i did so not because i believe that this is the best or the least worst budget but because it is the only budget possible and so as not to side with those who would not have hesitated to exacerbate the crisis that the european union is undergoing by creating a budgetary crisis that neither our fellow citizens nor the new member states that joined in 2004 would have understood . sostenere
i hope we will eventually find a just solution involving the kashmiri people that will end human rights abuses from all sides . fronti
this will require flexibility on all sides , including the european parliament . parti
on the essence of the proposal , on behalf of the committee on budgets , i should like to say , as regards the instrument for stability , that the codecision procedure – which is now accepted by all sides – is certainly , legally speaking , the right procedure . parti
we need to do this , because it is in the interests of both sides . parti
in practice it has been very problematic that the eu ’ s own interreg programmes and the programmes being implemented in the neighbouring regions have been completely separate , and that it has been impossible to realise joint projects on both sides of the borders . versanti
however , we cannot allow the european union to get involved in a dialogue that will be abused by the other side as , so to speak , an alibi or as a whitewash . parte
– as a representative of the austrian ministry of finance , i wholeheartedly agree with you that there are two sides to every budget – an expenditure and a revenue side . voci
on the other hand , we are striving towards more efficient spending – we need to cut back expenditure , but we need to do so efficiently ; and , on the revenue side , we need to ensure that governments do in fact receive all the fiscal charges provided for by law instead of introducing new fiscal charges . entrate
it is not clear whether there will be any control of the demand side of energy , as there is through eu energy efficiency legislation , or whether environmental considerations , such as the control of pollutants and greenhouse gas emissions , have been given adequate attention . versante
both sides need to make the ceasefire permanent and to enter into a constructive dialogue as soon as possible , with the aim of holding free and fair elections and putting the maoists on the same footing as the other political parties . parti
we must get really actively involved , without attaching blame to one side or the other , and that is a demand i make not only of the commission , but also of the council . parte
both sides have violated the ceasefire . parti
both sides have , i believe , committed gross violations of human rights . parti
would it do any good if a major politician from europe were to go to sri lanka to talk with the two sides and with other interested parties too ? fazioni
according to the principles of the peace agreement , the territorial waters around sri lanka lie under the jurisdiction of the government , and both sides are fully responsible for protecting local observers . parti
the indications are that neither side seems keen to continue the peace negotiations and go to the planned second round of peace talks in geneva . parti
however , neither side wants to pull out completely and be accused of triggering all-out war . parti
certainly not the french , but rather that part of the union that is on the side of mr kirkhope and others , a part anyway that is on the other side of the channel . fianco
the figure for those that we know about on each side of the atlantic – and there are very many more , because there is a lot of data we have not obtained – in itself amounts to eur 7 million . sponde
here is an example that i come up with again and again : that of our famous flagship , airbus , on the european side and of boeing on the american side . versante
there are also problems on the american side . versante
we hope very much that the benefits of increased cooperation will soon be felt by companies on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
on the investment side , the dubai ports fallout requires careful handling . dubai
the report also takes up a number of other issues , such as the importance of making it easier for companies on both sides of the atlantic to become listed on the various stock markets , of facilitating and opening the way for company investments of equal size in both directions , of ensuring that reinsurers have the same opportunities and of ensuring that we achieve a common transatlantic capital market in the true meaning of the phrase . parti
of course an agreement will add value only if it is filled with life , which means that the american side , too – especially in congress – must demonstrate a real commitment to it . parte
mr president , it is obvious that the united states and the european union must strengthen their dialogue and their cooperation in the economic , commercial , regulatory or even the social domain by means of the promotion of decent work as trade unions on both sides of the atlantic wish . sponde
where there are disputes , both sides move rapidly , not always with immediate success , but rapidly to resolve these amicably and quickly . parti
in practice this means that a doctor who prescribes a medicinal product for a child does not always know if it works at all or whether it could have any side effects . collaterali
we should , however , not lose sight of the ethical side of the matter , and must prevent children from being used as guinea pigs . lato
this is the ideal time to take some courageous steps in the right direction , since we have on our side both the good will of the member states and the will and interest of the citizens . sia
you rightly point out that in these times of high energy prices , the 9 % consumption reduction target over nine years in the directive on end-use efficiency and energy services may well be on the low side . modesto
the committee on legal affairs analysed the legal side of this report and , after submitting a few amendments , approved the report . aspetti
there is also work for the two sides of industry to do , in the shape of even more decisive action to counteract discrimination – particularly against women – in the labour market . controparti
however , the situation is changing rapidly and substantially , because women today are part of the armed forces and are present in the peacekeeping forces ; they are also present on the side of those who commit violence , as stated in the report . parte
this undertaking is an unambiguous commitment to continuing , in future , to wage war side by side with the usa , and to ongoing support for those wars that are already being fought . fianco
any discussion on relations between the two sides of the atlantic should be based on this premise , and on two other key ideas . sponde
trade relations between the two sides should be based on good faith , effective compliance with agreements and effective protection of the rights of us and european economic operators , including the various producers and consumers concerned . parti
the last of these aspects is the idea of sharing the main challenges facing both sides on the world stage , in terms of both concerns and solutions . parti
– those who side against the use of human embryos for research purposes declare that they stand for life and the dignity of the human being , because they defend the existence of an embryo that biologically wants to live , but which in the specific cases referred to would not actually have this chance because it is doomed to destruction . NULL
those who side with research are also fighting for life , to offer the prospect of a dignified , normal life to tens of millions of women and men in europe – real , live , breathing people – who suffer from diseases of the cardiovascular or nervous systems , diabetes or other diseases . schiera
we must err on the side of precaution , not on the side of cost . eccesso
i firmly believe that the commencement of the 4th meeting of the joint parliamentary committee will signal a new and important period of ever closer cooperation between the two sides , which recognise the same democratic values and share a common approach to the principles of the rule of law . parti
we also have to prevent the mass media from spreading panic , as well as preventing various illegal lobbying activities on the part of antiviral drug and vaccine manufacturers , especially as we currently know little about the effectiveness of these drugs and almost nothing about their side effects . collaterali
i will not go into the animal health side , since we had an opportunity to discuss that recently in this house . aspetto
on 2 june 2006 – just two weeks ago – the commission submitted to the tunisian authorities the draft internal regulation of the abovementioned subcommittee and is awaiting a reply from the tunisian side . parte
in that case , however , i do not think that parliament will be on your side . parte
it became evident that the european union and russia had decidedly different views as to the shape that future cooperation should take , but it should be noted on the positive side that the eu-russia summit saw the subject being handled in a frank , positive and productive fashion , with both sides agreeing that the energy dialogue , having already been begun , should be continued with to a greater extent and in greater depth . versante
at the summit , both sides stressed their mutual dependency where energy was concerned and emphasised that the eu and russia had to define their relations in this crucial area by mutual agreement . parti
all things considered , this was a good summit with free and frank discussions in a friendly atmosphere , with both sides being willing , despite their differences , to build bridges and find solutions for the problems they both face . parti
at the same time , however , both sides are clearly trying to present their cooperation as friendly and constructive . parti
it is gratifying that russia is on the same side as the usa and ourselves in respect of the negotiations with iran , but it is less pleasing that russia is playing solo when it comes to belarus , hamas and other matters . parte
we are not , in fact , opening them up completely , so both sides probably need to do more as regards more joint projects , not only for the extraction of crude oil and natural gas , but also as regards putting in place the routes whereby they are to be transported , in the shape of pipelines and so on . parti
we should welcome the progress made at the latest eu-russia summit and the willingness shown by both sides to talk . parti
for example , there is a paradox that on the other side of the baltic sea in sweden , where living standards are significantly higher , pharmaceuticals are cheaper . lato
commissioner , very briefly , i know you want to err on the side of caution and you refer to remedies , but you must realise , of course , that you are the most important guarantor of prices remaining affordable for belgian consumers and for belgian enterprises who buy gas and electricity . eccedere
even though the idea and the proposal are very interesting and would have been worth exploring in the past , we have already reached a very advanced level of cooperation at various levels within and outside the european union on avian flu , not only as regards a possible pandemic but also on the animal health side . versante
in that respect , my services will visit poland very soon to work together with the polish authorities to gather this evidence which can be used in negotiations and discussions with the russian side . parte
nevertheless , not only has it now been agreed by both sides , but also , given that some of the issues raised by russia relate to the exports of other member states through poland and also to european community legislation as a whole , it provides legal standing for the commission also to be involved in these discussions . parti
as i said , our experts will shortly visit poland to gather information and evidence to be used during the meetings with the russian side . parte
the rapporteur developed this line of argument very well and also discussed the important social side of the issue , namely the family and social attachment , which is a strong and important argument . aspetto
however , positive legislation and the creation of programmes is only one side of the coin . faccia
the president of the commission has merited praise today , therefore – if he says the right thing , we are on his side . parte
what is the use of the commission and parliament setting all these resources aside for a dialogue with the people when national politicians let the side down in such a damaging way ? destinino
mr president , those who claim – on one side of the house , notably – that the french and dutch have said ‘ no ’ and that this whole debate must therefore come to an end and we should never again consider changing the treaties are guilty of being far too simplistic and of only wanting to hear one answer . lato
in voting against the resolution i again stand on the side of the citizen who wants less not more europe , states rights not brussels control , and local not central power . schierato
the council has not disputed iran ’ s right to use nuclear energy in a peaceful manner in accordance with its obligations under the non-proliferation treaty , and , on the basis of the august 2005 proposals , reiterated in the february 2006 conclusions , the eu would be prepared – and it still is – to support the development of a safe and sustainable civil nuclear programme consonant with the principles of non-proliferation , provided – and this is the other side of the coin – that full account is taken of the wishes of the international community and rovescio
as far as the reaction of the iranian side is concerned , i have said that the package was not rejected , which already is progress , because as we know , in the past , that whenever the european union and other international players have made an offer , this was flatly rejected by iran . parte
now this is being studied by the iranian side and we can only hope , not only in our interests but also in the interests of iran , that this offer will be accepted . nostro
he also said that the european union side has given weeks , not months , for a response . concesso
so we hope to hear exactly on which points the iranian side is seeking more information , which we will give to them . iran
i hope we shall be able to clarify those ambiguities to the satisfaction of the iranian side . iran
there is also , of course , a crucial question with regard to funding during the transitional period when the old and new systems have to exist side by side . fianco
i agree that the old systems and the ertms should not exist side by side for too long . convivere
only the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe changed sides , which is to their credit , while the socialist group in the european parliament and the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats refused , as usual , to demand accountability . schieramento
– i too should like to congratulate our rapporteur on his outstanding report and to express my support for most of the remarks that have been made on various sides of the chamber . schieramenti
i wish to mention emphatically that duty free shops are operating on the romanian side of the hungarian-romanian border , where travellers can purchase cigarettes to bring them in duty free , often in order to sell them in hungary and other european union member states . versante
we spent a great deal of time behind the scenes with the two sides of european business and industry , who had been able , for the first time ever , to take part in the spring european summit , and i do believe that our cooperation with them was highly successful . parti
if both sides – the governments in nicosia and ankara respectively – really want progress , then it can happen , but , quite apart from that , turkey must discharge all those obligations to which it has committed itself , and there have been quite a few utterances from mr erdogan that had been better left unsaid . NULL
the victory also demonstrated that christendom was able to defend its values when it acted in union , because the victory against the numerically superior enemy was shared by west european mercenaries too , some of whom , however , fought on the turkish side as well . fila
apart from direct humanitarian aid and the call for both sides to act in a mature and responsible manner , we must also set other objectives and analyse the situation , the causes , the aims of each side and the means being used to achieve them and we must also analyse our own political conduct . parti
on the contrary , jewish people have lived side by side with estonians as one family for centuries . fianco
i would say to my eloquent friend , sir robert atkins , that , whilst he described me and the rapporteur as roses , we intend rather to be thorns in the side of the system , because there is something rotten here . fianco
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteur , mrs wallis , for an excellent interim report , as also the chairman , mrs mcguinness , who will , i am sure , be a thorn in the side of the regulators and ensure that we can get to the bottom of what actually happened with equitable life . fianco
however , it would seem to me that neither would the benefits of a merged market , at least from the euronext side . fusione
evidence seems to suggest that a lot of business is now done in europe that used to be done on the other side of the atlantic . sponda
this rate of increase in carbon dioxide is , of course , helping to exacerbate the greenhouse effect and it should be noted that it is not only carbon dioxide which aircraft emit ; there are other side effects , such as emissions which help to create other greenhouse gases and , as such , the contribution of aviation to the greenhouse effect is much greater than the 3 % reported for carbon dioxide . collaterali
europeans lost their lives on both sides and their names populate the cemeteries of madrid , of jarama , of belchite , of teruel , of guadalajara , of the ebro … , mythical names , where so many europeans lie . NULL
i also remember the cemeteries full of people shot by one side or the other . traboccanti
as history has shown , anyone who thinks that they can keep a low profile while the storm passes by on the other side is often mistaken . uragano
i would like to highlight the constructive attitude both of the european commission and of commissioner hübner and of the austrian presidency in these negotiations and to thank both sides for cooperating with the european parliament . parti
investment will create jobs and deliver the solution to the problems that many colleagues on this side have talked about : investment in new cars , investment in new factories , investment in robots that will cut the cost of production , and investment in quality . lato
with regard to other questions , there will be a sort of monitoring centre , which will very carefully control and check what has been done on the other side . controparte
however , we must welcome the positive side . aspetti
on the negative side , the structural funds could go a long way to strengthening industry and , therefore , i disagree entirely with the cut in the amount to be allocated under the financial perspectives . aspetti
we would be dealing much more honestly with one another if we were to find common ground on the still open issue of final disposal rather than adopting hardened positions according to which one side of this house is right and the other is getting everything wrong . ala
– enlargement and the constitution are two sides of the same coin . facce
although poland has since eliminated all of the grounds for which these exports were blocked , the russian side has failed to raise the restrictions . russi
in that way , we could end up competing with one another in terms of what we can offer , rather than there being offers from one side and political pressure from the other . parte
i look forward to solutions in these areas and also share mr rasmussen ’ s view that solutions must be sought in cooperation with both sides of industry . parti
the european union and finland , as the country to hold the presidency , are committed to helping both sides to reach a peace settlement . parti
last week i called on both sides to take a step back , to exercise restraint . parti
all sides need to consider their responsibility extremely carefully . parti
both sides need to step back from the brink before this becomes a crisis that neither can control . parti
the arms truce , which hamas observed , has come to an end ; the number of prisoners on both sides is on the up ; violence perpetrated against citizens has increased ; gaza has become a prison for its residents and the humanitarian situation is tragic . parti
there are extremists on both sides . parti
however , it must also be said that the israeli side always falls into this trap . parte
therefore , our call is for both sides to respect the political , democratic process and to abandon violence as a means of imposing their political objectives on each other . parti
nevertheless , the european union , through the quartet , must remain committed to lasting peace in the middle east with a two-state solution whereby a viable , democratic palestinian state can live in peace and security side by side with israel within internationally recognised borders . fianco
i appeal to the council and commission to bring greater pressure to bear on both sides in this conflict , but particularly on the palestinian authority . parti
we are once again in a cycle of violence in which wrong is clearly being done by both sides ; rockets fired into israel , disproportionate reprisals by the israeli army , the seizing of the soldier shalit , who of course must be released , as everybody here has said . parti
the council wishes to stress that , to ease the crisis , both sides must take the necessary adequate action . parti
we regard it as vital that the captured israeli soldier is released , but also just as vital that israel puts an end to this military operation and that both sides act in compliance with international law . parti
all sides must exercise restraint . parti
therefore we will remain committed to a negotiated two-state solution and we will not recognise any change to the pre-1967 borders other than those agreed by both sides . parti
the international community , the εu and the quartet must insist on returning to the negotiating table and must demand respect for the roadmap by the israeli government and respect for all the agreements signed on the promotion and safeguarding of peace by both sides . parti
a clear statement from both sides that a negotiated two-state solution is the only viable future for the region would go a long way to improving the present situation . parti
a new kind of community is arising on both sides of the atlantic – a community of lawyers , journalists and politicians from different sides of the political scene , activists from humanitarian organisations and citizens who are against the recent infringements of human rights and political and civic freedoms by some european governments and the us government . sponde
mr president , that side of the house still seems to be very sceptical about the evidence . lato
what we are really dealing with are two different concepts of the war against terror : the european parliament model , which believes in fighting terrorism with resolutions and dialogue and , on the other side , the model of the responsible governments , which want to monitor suspected persons , control transfers of illegal funds and , where necessary , arrest terrorists before they can act . lato
i would like to ask those on the other side of the house why they refused , when it came to the vote in committee , to incorporate what mr de vries and mr solana actually found out , that being that there was no proof . lato
however , it could be made more balanced if amendments stressing the other side of the coin were accepted . faccia
on our side of the house , we want to see the report extended , because we believe we have the right approach . lato
in this area , too , the united states now needs to decide which side it is on . parte
in fact i would say that the swift affair is the other side of the rendition coin ; it may be a less violent operation , but it has exactly the same purpose : to extract information . faccia
we must restate our determination , on both sides of the atlantic , to combat terrorism resolutely and effectively , but this must not be at the expense of full respect for fundamental rights and the rule of law . sponde
i would like to conclude by saying that by putting order in the financial institutions , as regards both the sending and receiving side , we can also deal with the issue of terrorist financing that has been thought to come via charity organisations and so on in europe . riordinando
we need to recognise that , without appropriate conditions for integration , migration is harmful to both sides . parti
our concern today , then , is in fact with the other side of the coin – the development aspects of migration : migration from one part of the south to another , migration as a cause of under-development and instability . faccia
the rapporteur also recognises that on one side of an invisible border are the citizens and on the other people with no papers who are forced into resorting to illegal methods . lato
we then specified that to capture such a basis for agreement we would on our side be prepared to move towards and close to the level of average cuts in farm tariffs proposed for developed countries by the g20 , provided that others moved in concert , with a similar level of ambition in other areas of the negotiation . parte
today ’ s vote follows a lengthy process of negotiations on many detailed and complex issues , which all sides approached in a constructive spirit . parti
– the eu-caribbean partnership for growth , stability and development , a mutually beneficial partnership based on shared values , represents an opportunity for the two sides to work together towards democracy and human rights , and to fight against poverty and against threats to peace and stability . parti
on the other side of that coin , the rapporteur ’ s use of the word ‘ alleged ’ in the title of the report , after all the efforts of the members of the temporary committee and other interested parties , is tacit acknowledgement that the committee has been unable to prove that any illegal act has taken place . faccia
failure to acknowledge this is tantamount to handing the initiative to extremist movements on both sides . parti
this is not as important as the support we have from our own side , from our own member states and from the members of this house . parte
taking a firm decision to go down this route may , according to the european public , lead to the pursuit of a process of gradual liberalisation of international trade , thereby ensuring it is not wooed by the appeal of protectionist , anti-liberal rhetoric , which is always capable of rising to the surface on all sides of the political spectrum . lato
the eu needs to monitor what is happening carefully and be careful which sides it supports . schierarsi
the internet , which is fundamentally anarchic by nature , is a thorn in the side of governments and bureaucrats , who are not absent from cradles of democracy such as europe and the united states , either . fianco
i would love to see this debate taken side by side with the debate tomorrow on national allocation plans in relation to our kyoto targets . messa
secondly – and mrs miguélez ramos has already mentioned this – with regard to the division by regions , the initial deficiencies on either side should be resolved , since the conditions for the contracts had not provided much motivation for the shipowners of the region , who did not have any interest in making ships available , and that was exacerbated by the lack of insistence on the part of the agency . parti
major frustration even led to the reproach that the international community and the eu were taking sides . schierate
now , i have never sided either with one candidate or the other . schierato
we can have an ideological disagreement about that ; i do not want that sort of liberalisation , but let us leave that to one side for a moment . parte
a sort of global marshall plan could now be a new initiative to the benefit of both sides , on the one hand doing away with poverty in the really poorest countries of the world and giving them a fair chance in the world ’ s markets , while , on the other , preventing environmental and social dumping . parti
accordingly , european integration is a cornerstone of the european social model , and , as the other side of that coin , the european social model is one of the cornerstones of european integration . colonne
indeed , we want competitiveness and social cohesion to go hand in hand as the two sides of the same coin of integrated development of a society . facce
i hope that on all sides of the house people would agree on the importance of those phrases and agree that they should not just be empty phrases but concepts of real meaning . gruppi
i hope also that people on both sides of this house would recognise the importance of their applying to everybody in real social inclusion . schieramenti
i want to conclude by assuring you that , from the eu side , the european commission will do its utmost to ensure that the full benefit of the saa is truly achieved . parte
the political forces on all sides should also , and once and for all , stop constantly crying out for an international mediator to sort their problems out . smettere
let me point out , with reference to this , that , even when the cold war was at its height , the two sides , with all their differences , were still able to talk to each other through the conference on security and cooperation in europe , which we had set up . parti
we must set up an independent inquiry into the civilian deaths caused by all sides in the recent conflict and , as kofi annan has pointed out , it will not be through the barrel of a gun , but thanks to dialogue and compromise that hizbollah will put down their weapons and negotiate a long-term solution . parti
when he was president of the european commission , romano prodi talked about setting up a euro-arab development bank , jointly financed and managed by both sides . parti
how can we maintain equally close relations with these two sides , which are so opposed and different in their objectives ? contendenti
one side is defending its legitimate survival as a democratic state , while the other is the armed wing of the fight against democracy and the west ! uni
everything will depend on the outcome , however , and we have to realise that the military mission and aid for reconstruction are not the finishing line but the starting point , not an end but a means and , it must be said , a means that is liable to be totally inadequate if it is not quickly and promptly backed up with a political and diplomatic initiative aimed at restarting the talks between the two sides . parti
it could be the beginning of a new climate of relations between the two sides , but first of all the spiral of violence needs to stop . parti
what is more , that political solution is possible , over and above the despair of the different sides , the despair of the extremists from both camps . uni
by destroying iraq , by condemning syria , by forcing syria to withdraw from lebanon , an act that weakens lebanon – the christians themselves realise this , including even mr aoun – we have created the conditions for an imbalance and we are still reaping the rewards of that imbalance , which is war , which is giving a voice to the extremists - from both camps , i might add , from the dominant and the dominated side . parti
let each side help repair the damage it has caused ; the state of lebanon for the damage caused by hezbollah in israel , and the state of israel for the damage caused in lebanon . contribuisca
let each side shoulder its responsibilities , the rule of law also hinges on that . assuma
if both sides want to escape eventual destruction and give their children a chance , then they must now come to an agreement , and we too should make our contribution towards achieving this . parti
every side in this house invokes israel ’ s right to exist - quite rightly too , and i am very glad about this - but why do we then look on while those who wish to destroy israel continually reorganise themselves , until social , political and even military panic breaks out over there ? ala
to have two democratic states side by side is the only way of creating peace and stability in the region . e
within the framework of safeguarding human rights , the unifil troops , to whom we send our solidarity and support , must also be entrusted with the task of protecting the lebanese christian community : they are not to blame but are caught between the two opposing sides . parti
it presents the facts in some detail but without ever pronouncing judgment and so avoids the pitfall of siding with one or other of the protagonists . scoglio
in order to create the opportunity for a positive two-state solution for palestine and israel , both sides need to be thoroughly prepared for such a solution through appropriate education , from primary school upwards . parti
– mr president , 2005 saw the tenth anniversary of the barcelona process , a relatively lengthy process aimed at establishing sound ties with the other side of the mediterranean . riva
russia has to decide which side it stands on . parte
a few weeks ago , commissioner louis michel and i visited the area , and it was very obvious that there was immense suffering among civilians on both sides of this conflict . parti
these also spelled out the dark sides , with all the implications that these entail for the eu-china partnership . lati
that is why it is honest in listing the obstacles in this political pursuit , certainly now that these are being recognised just as much on the chinese side – i invite you to read the report which contains statements by the chinese , not least by chinese academics – but which , politically , are not at all sufficiently recognised as obstacles and eliminated as a result . parte
both sides want a genuine strategic partnership that merits its name . parti
however , if relations between the european union and beijing are to improve , and if both sides are to benefit in future , then definite rules must be set and must be complied with , just as there are fundamental human values , which , when they are violated , can make cooperation between the european union and china a less positive prospect . reciproco
my idea was that this report should be parliament ’ s contribution to eu-china relations based on pragmatism , facts and respect for each other ’ s sensitivities , and aiming for the progressive deepening of the relationship between the two sides , which is rapidly maturing into a comprehensive strategic partnership . parti
my idea was that this report could contribute to a process in which both sides could understand one another better . parti
the eu has become china ’ s biggest partner and , on the other side of that coin , china has become the union ’ s second biggest partner . viceversa
i am thus talking about opening our markets to each other , reducing quotas , lowering customs duties , which will lead to a win-win situation on both sides . parti
here there are great opportunities for both sides , just as there are in the use of water power . idroelettrica
we have been consistent throughout in urging the two sides to resolve their issues through a peaceful dialogue . parti
what i fear , then , is that the entry into force will be delayed for a bit by quite a few cases brought either before the european court of human rights or the ecj itself – provided that that is a legal possibility , which will depend on the legal position – or before the national constitutional courts , and so we should , leaving considerations of substance to one side for the moment , apply the greatest of care when dealing with the formal aspects in order to save ourselves further embarrassment of the kind that we cannot parte
maybe we should take up the issue directly with the united states congress – i have much more faith in our democratic counterparts on the other side of the pond . sponda
the conflict in lebanon is a text-book example of the way in which violence begets violence , and we strongly repudiate all forms of violence perpetrated by both sides . parti
i do not wish to name individuals or refer to any particular side or party , but i would like point out that the present situation cannot be judged without a specific analysis and judgment of earlier events and without some basis for dividing people into aggressors and victims . fazioni
europe must be consistent in not taking either side , instead doing everything possible to foster peace and conciliation . parte
regrettably though , some people involved in the debate – not just the one this afternoon , but also others – are trying to assign all the blame to one side or the other . contendenti
we have to accept that in any conflict situation there is grave fault on both sides , and that the military responses have in many cases been disproportionate . parti
all sides – the ltte , colonel karuna and the sri lankan government – must realise that there can be no military solution and that peace negotiations without preconditions are the only way forward . NULL
in the face of this spreading conflict , the international community must appeal to both sides to lay down their arms and start negotiations towards a settlement . parti
mr president , zimbabwe is an example of how the ugly side of decolonisation can prevail . aspetti
– mr president , it has just come to my notice that , although the chairman of the executive council of the african union – in other words , the executive or governmental side – is listed among those to whom the resolution on zimbabwe is addressed , we have omitted to include the pan-african parliament among them . parte
clarification is also required on the legal side . chiarimento
however , the debate we have had , principally from that side of the house , has mainly been concerned with organisational models and protectionism . ala
there are amendments now from both sides , from the alde group and from the verts / ale group , to try again to force a decision on the preference . parti
it is extremely important that we welcome these countries , but also that both sides comply with the rules , so that we are not faced with serious problems at the end of the day as a result of failure to do so . parti
a year ’ s delay would probably have meant that both sides would no longer make the effort and it would lead to automatic membership of some sort . parti
it is important to establish that the negotiations are under way and that both sides need to contribute constructively to these . parti
the meeting was based on the principle of reciprocity , according to which both sides have the right to uphold their own ideas , to defend their own values and to be able to manifest their own faith ; this applies to muslims in areas where christians are in the majority , and to christians where muslims are in the majority . parte
my second point is that , on the cyprus issue , too , we all agree that turkey must keep its side of the bargain and implement the ankara protocol . conveniamo
there is also a political aspect to the obligations , however , and this concerns the fact that the people in the north of the island of cyprus , the turkish cypriots , are waiting for us to keep our side of the bargain and put an end to the economic and educational isolation of the people living in the north of the island . impegni
i believe that turkey obviously needs europe in order to continue becoming modern and democratic and supporting the development of its economy , but i believe that europe also needs turkey at its side , as a focal point for peace , stability , democracy and prosperity . fianco
that proposal is the other side of the same coin . faccia
the inequalities in development that could result on both sides of the borders would be liable to harm the european union ’ s cohesion policy , even though one of the aims of this policy is to mitigate the negative effect of having borders . lati
i am convinced that , with some good will on all sides , a compromise will be found which will lead to a lasting solution to this problem , that is , the sorely-needed common european policy . parti
on the flip side , however , does it mean taking them into account in order to suggest that someone is guilty on the basis of actions that are not regarded as criminal in their country of origin ? NULL
today , we have voted on an amending budget affecting the income side of the eu budget . entrate
it is vital that we create the conditions for balanced economic , social and territorial development on both sides of borders and pay special attention to programmes aimed at achieving cross-border cooperation . parti
this text , which , in the end , takes neither side in the debate , only warrants a vote of abstention . posizione
this shows just how urgent it is , on both sides , to succeed in swiftly re-establishing a calm dialogue on darfur and on the issue of the transfer , in order to resolve the misunderstandings that could still exist in relation to this matter . parti
what is needed from your side also is for the european union to take an initiative in the security council , so that there is a common stand by all the members of the security council on the resolution of the problem , on the application at long last of resolution 1706 and , because we need to speak honestly , there is an obligation for initiatives to be taken on china . parte
the business side has not been forgotten and thanks to commissioner mandelson , who pushed forward the idea with his counterpart trade minister nath , the eu-india ceo round table , allowing active business-to-business dialogue , is now ready to be launched at the business summit on 12 october 2006 . NULL
on the european side , there has to be a fair , open approach aimed at reinforcing europe ’ s presence in india and duly supporting our initiatives in that part of the world . parte
however , an actual agreement will depend upon strong political will on both sides . fronti
however , we must also see the other side . medaglia
in a country surrounded by water on three sides , it could not be otherwise . lati
they practically swept me aside until i was where they wanted me to be : ‘ to the side immediately ! ’ . faccia
here , then , there are divergent tendencies ; we may well have our misgivings in one case , but in this one we are on your side in that we would like to see the eu ’ s standards maintained in third countries . parte
there are projects to engage the public – presenting both sides of the argument ; brochures explaining how nanotechnology works ; and even dvds explaining the issues in simple terms for children . facce
on the positive side is the support that upcoming technologies have gained across the whole of parliament . aspetti
nanosciences and nanotechnologies can serve as one of the test areas for establishing an ever closer relationship between the three sides of what is known as the knowledge triangle . elementi
but i would ask the conference of presidents , in the interests of fair and balanced reporting , to issue an invitation to the prime minister or foreign minister of israel , so that we can hear the other side of the story . versione
it is therefore advisable not to rule out the possibility that pre-accession countries might perhaps be taken into consideration , but account must be taken of the demands made , on the one side , by the council of europe , and , on the other , by some influential member states that formally raised this issue at the council meeting in luxembourg . lato
in the interests of completeness , then , measures should also be analysed that do not enjoy the approval of all sides . partiti
it means , simply , more union , but in denmark we have a tradition of asking the people for their views about extending the union , and on the danish side we have already once before declined the recipe which exists here . opposto
secondly , competition rules must be applied to ensure that the policy is effective , and that legal harmonization in the social and economic fields produces equal conditions for the undertakings on both sides - the applicant countries and the european union . parti
but until then there is much to be done by all sides . parti
i should like to say to mrs aelvoet that , despite the fact that we are on opposite sides of the house , i fully support her proposal for referral back to committee . bell
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the situation in the middle east is now extremely grave and there is a long list of victims on all sides . parti
they have given much towards the peace process and yet we are not seeing the peace process being delivered from the other side . parte
is the presidency of the council prepared to submit any constructive proposals for the council of association to be convened again , including a commitment to reject the use of force between greece and turkey and a commitment by all sides that in the specific crisis relating to the islet of imia the path followed will be that of international methods for the peaceful solution of crises , such as recourse to the international court of the hague ? parti
both sides must be willing to negotiate and this does not seem to me to be the case in very tragic conflict situations like the one in sri lanka . bisogna
mr president , we are all concerned on this side of the house about the magnitude of the crisis . lato
i hope some amendments which have come from our side of the committee will give further reassurance in this matter . gruppo
after all , we in europe recognize only too well that activity one side of the world can have profound effects elsewhere , including europe . parte
it is fashionable to hear , particularly from many on the opposite side of the house - though fortunately not from mr garriga polledo himself - that we should be grateful to the international financial credit markets because they save us from the stupidity with which governments manage the economy . lato
since that is not happening or is happening only incompletely the question is who will pay the bill for that , on the social side too , in the long run .  
certainly the attitudes of racism and xenophobia are for the most part today linked to situations of social marginalization , to run-down urban areas , to joblessness , to feelings of danger , of instability for the future , to ignorance , lack of knowledge , of information on both sides , to the spread of the values of the me -society , often excessively materialistic . parti
the ladies and gentlemen who have been watching me here over the past few months will know that i am not short-sighted on the left or the right side but on both sides ! sinistro
how odd that the extreme parliamentary groups on both sides should finally agree on the same position , by different routes but both of them on a negative vote ! entrambe
mr president , mr president-in-office , i should like to begin by observing that our debate today on whether or not the council of europe should admit croatia as a member reflects the two sides of relations between the european union and croatia . aspetto
i should like to congratulate the council on its decision to side with parliament in opposing the commission proposal to limit the validity of the licence to ten years . schierato
i also look forward to more people , even from the island of the united kingdom who have the habit of driving on the wrong side of the road , driving even further on the continent of europe . lato
that is primarily due to strong selectivity on the technological sides of innovation and insufficient attention to market aspects . aspetti
mr president , we are taking part in a debate which shows both sides of the coin of research projects and i congratulate both mr argyros and the commissioner who have been able to explain to us in detail a series of thought-provoking ideas about innovation in the european union . aspetti
the positive obverse side of european research lies in innovation . positivo
but the reverse side of the coin is the project which we are discussing at the moment on the evaluation of a series of programmes related to transport . aspetto
it seems to me that he is firing at his own side , since research into the elimination of fissile materials will in fact lead to dangers of proliferation . fissili
on the financial side , while not accepting the doubling of funds that parliament voted for , the common position does provide for a review of the reference figure in 1997 , recognizing that the interest shown in the life programme is disproportionate to the available budget . NULL
in those circumstances i can entirely concur with the rapporteur 's conclusions according to which the european union 's role as regards the elaboration of an effective innovation policy should be concentrated on ensuring on the supply side of research and technological development that the information produced is interdisciplinary and application-orientated and on promoting on the demand side of research and technological development the obtaining and application of research results through a consumer-orientated network . versante
i also share mr spencer 's view from the other side of the house that we must naturally concern ourselves with what we are able to do here in the union , but that it is important for us to bring about the dialogue which is so urgently needed with china and india , for example , if these problems are actually to be resolved . parti
we need to provide greater impetus on the structural policy side , and that is why the economic policy guidelines must indeed be reoriented , as parliament is calling for today . energici
the other side of the problem is too few fish . aspetto
so we have a whole range of measures on both sides of the equation . aspetti
mr president , paradoxically there is a useful side to the otherwise unjustifiable blocking of european union decisions by great britain . aspetto
however , it does have its own autonomous features , and because of its urgency and its humanitarian nature , as a means to ensuring the survival of people and saving lives , it is important that it should not be tied to political conditions , to political requirements , but should be available to all sides and to all regions of bosnia . direzioni
on the positive side is the franco-british military cooperation and the german decision , taken at the prompting of chancellor kohl , to participate in external peacekeeping operations . britannica
on the negative side is the present inability of europeans to engage in a large-scale politico-military action on their own responsibility . passivo
on the civilian side , things are not yet progressing as we had thought they might . progredita
even symbols , as we know , have their serious side .  
this decision is based on an interpretation of what is written there by the staff sitting on your left-hand side . destra
and that is not the only point on which assent is forthcoming from this side . punto
in conclusion , and on reflection , i give the ombudsman 9 out of 10 for his first report , but i have to say i reduce the score for his pamphlet to 1 out of 10 and plead with somebody to make that more attractive so that the citizens know that they have the ombudsman and parliament on their side . parte
the self-delusion of some people who maintain that it is a case of good pro-westerners on the one side and supporters of the former regime on the other - that , too , is reprehensible , given that the roles of everyone , now and before , are known fact . parte
on the positive side , any system of complaints can help to promote the hard-pressed concept of legal safety . lati
various languages wait like stumbling stones on the other side of the electronic highway and fully reveal the problematic nature of cross-cultural communications . inciampo
motor cyclists are usually on the elderly side when they hang up their helmets for good , but mrs larive was not referring to 82-year-old motorcyclists , but to 82 decibels . ottantaduenni
it is above all to minister dini that we look as the only representative of both the governments on either side of the italian elections which fell halfway through the presidency and had a strong effect on it . condizionandola
i just want to make it clear that that responsibility cannot simply be pushed on to the people in the developing countries and that we have a great responsibility for that ourselves just because we consume the majority of those natural resources on this side of the equator . lato
that appears to be something that members on the other side have not thought about , perhaps because they feel that in the end the common position will not be rejected . sponda
members on all sides have already tabled amendments , and i feel that if the commission - and i address myself directly to commissioner kinnock at this moment - can state that it accepts them , or tell us which it can accept , it will help greatly and serve as a powerful means of putting pressure on the council to accept the amendments that we approve . schieramenti
we welcome the fact , mr president , that you have held an inquiry within the commission . nevertheless , we are not satisfied with what you have told us , since in order for an inquiry to be credible , both sides must be heard . contraddittorio
consequently , mr president , following these events which in our view are totally and exceptionally disturbing , we are calling on you to assume your responsibilities in full : firstly , in particular , by expediting an internal inquiry - but one in which both sides are heard - in order to establish exactly what happened in 1990 and draw the necessary conclusions , not least in disciplinary and political terms , if current or former commissioners are involved . contraddittorio
for whatever the merits of your statement , mr president of the commission , there is a need for persons outside the commission to carry out an investigation - and through a procedure in which both sides are heard . contraddittorio
mr pasty said that perhaps we did not conduct an inquiry in which both sides were heard . however , i should like to draw the honourable member 's attention to the fact that it was the chairman of the bse interdepartmental working party who , on our instructions , carried out the inquiry . contraddittorio
mr president , mr piecyk worked very hard for a long time in collaboration with us , with the members of the european parliament , that is to say , and before being sent to the conciliation committee the final text of his report achieved the impossible in that it was deemed satisfactory by nearly all sides . parti
on the positive side , our environmental concerns have been broadly taken into account , since we now have a text that refers extensively to the commission 's responsibilities . positivo
so what we need to do is to carry on with the positive side of the ecsc while at the same time making it more open and less privileged . sottoporla
so while we welcomed last night 's announcement from the american side of a six months delay , we are fundamentally opposed to this legislation in principle and we want to say that we think that the americans , by bullying their allies , have not found the correct way forward . americani
on the one side there is the prospect of slipping into violence - a renewed violence , but without hope ; or alternatively , a renewed commitment to redoubling efforts to engage once and for all , and perhaps for the first time , in a genuine and meaningful political dialogue . lato
those who are more at home with the cosy familiarity of their own tribe , on both sides , must choose a more open and pluralist alternative . parti
i do not want to see any more people buried in my country on either side . parti
remember that people are intimidated on both sides within their own communities : protestants are intimidated by protestants , catholics are intimidated by catholics . parti
that is a terrible side to it which we do not refer to here . aspetto
this report has two sides to it . aspetti
but there is also a second side to this report , and that is the presentation of its strategy for defence policy , with which i - and no doubt others too - have certain problems . NULL
it is impossible to work together if one side continually takes an indifferent attitude to the conditions for cooperation . cooperazione
in order to overcome this problem , our national parliament , which you know very well madam president , has provided an official on each side of the president whose function is to observe requests for the floor . affiancano
the debate has centred on karadzic and mladic but i am not so naïve as not to see that there are some 30 people on all sides in this war , as carl bildt mentioned , who should be brought before the hague court . parti
though the turkish cypriot side is unyielding , i must say that there are indeed democratic progressive forces which favour a closer approach between the greek and turkish elements . controparte
while on its side the world trade organization is itself perhaps waiting for the european union to take the initiative ? canto
the commission is particularly worried about the difficulties experienced by the osce assistance group in grozny , commissioned to mediate between the two sides . parti
mr president , mr gillis , when it is a question of the farmers of europe receiving support , then you have me on your side , even if , as in the present case , they are irish sheep farmers . gillis
when there are subsidies on one side , and when the market prices collapse , then that means that there is a chance for these sheep farmers to continue to exist , after a fashion , even when market prices are low , while other farmers , who do not receive support , then get into serious difficulties . canto
he was always on the side of the underprivileged . parte
in short , what is the left side of the house ultimately after ? ala
a point which has become very obvious in the discussion of this report and one which is topical in portugal is that the participation of both sides of industry and the participation of local and regional authorities - in the latter case heightened by the revelations of democratic illegitimacy in five of the seven regions presented by the then portuguese government to the community authorities - has been very limited in the definition of regional development plans and their monitoring . parti
of course it is a pleasure to submit a research report telling of the positive side , but an honest approach also means identifying and discussing the problems . aspetti
what is a tourist from the uk to do if he happens to drive on the wrong side on the first day of his holiday and is therefore committing an offence ? corsia
this proposal for a regulation in fact achieves a quite satisfactory balance between the parties : on the one hand , the position of the air carriers will be strengthened by a precise redefinition of liabilities on both sides ; and on the other , the rights of air passengers will be better protected by the introduction of the principle of objective liability of the carrier . parti
the regulation on beef and veal deals with the expenditure side , while the other two concern revenue . spese
let us put to one side the conceptual arguments of the past . parte
on the cultural side , i welcome the special role for public service broadcasting in minority languages because the cultural diversity of our union must be one of the things we treasure the most . profilo
from what we hear , we shall only be dealing with side issues , so we can concern ourselves with the protection of young people , for example , but no longer with general public access , information , education and entertainment , which are among the original purposes of broadcasting , and must remain so in a digital age which may be opening up new technical opportunities , but should not tempt us into giving up old ingredients which have become valuable to us . intrattenimento
if homosexual persons are under threat of deportation to third countries , where they risk victimization or reprisals on grounds of their homosexuality , these aspects must weigh heavily in the consideration of their cases : the authorities should err on the side of caution and not go ahead with the deportation . anteponendo
ultimately , the only issue at stake here is to re-establish the legal and civil - or occupational - status of posted work , which is currently being attacked and undermined from all sides . colpi
we believe that working hours should be determined by collective agreements , geared to a company 's needs and work processes , and negotiated by the two sides of industry . parti
i appreciate that we cannot force president clinton to sign it , but what strategy is being pursued on the european side to ensure that the united states signs and ratifies the oecd agreement ? firmino
i can confirm that the technical side of reviewing many of the provisions involved is making good progress , and that it will probably be possible to complete the review in the course of the transitional period . NULL
i would also remind mr rocard that his comrade felipe gonzález , for example - who , after 13 years of socialist administration , left spain with the highest unemployment rate in europe - proposed precisely the same measure during the last electoral campaign . however , the two sides of industry declined to pick up the gauntlet . parti
and finally , measures to adjust or reduce working hours or make them more flexible cannot be imposed : they must be discussed and , where appropriate , decided on - and the rapporteur also recognizes this - by the two sides of industry and in the workplace . parti
mr rocard puts forward ideas , suggestions and proposals , always with respect for the concepts of voluntary action and agreement between the two sides of industry . parti
the results of the experiments carried out elsewhere must be examined , and the response of the two sides of industry - and , above all , of a society which is frequently overwhelmed by the enormous problem of unemployment , which cannot be accepted with resignation - must be awaited . parti
it is also important that organizations representing the two sides of industry should be involved in this development work . parti
when i say that it is politically justifiable to leave this to one side here , it is because the problem of the transport of live exotic birds whose survival is not in the danger zone is covered by an existing directive , namely council directive 91 / 628 . aspetto
somebody tell me why the european council cannot carry out its side of the bargain on the trans-european networks and find the will to transfer a proportion of that money as it promised . parte
we , on this side of the house , have that will but know it can only be achieved through a rededication to collective and cooperative responsibility which underpins our europe . lato
those who do not agree with this are actually working to prevent the creation of a european political union ; they are seeking the end of europe ; they are influenced by specific and particular interests linked to certain financial concerns but also to certain countries within and others outside europe and on the other side of the atlantic . atlantico
furthermore , history is on the side of the union because all the trends of modern technology show that interdependence is the order of the day . parte
rather than being so self-critical , as this debate was , and it was far too self-critical of the union , we should reflect on the fact that history is on the side of this union . parte
that meeting provided an opportunity for all sides to spell out the crucial points of the 1997 budgetary procedure and to take cognizance of the objectives they saw as essential in this particularly testing financial year . parti
the estimates of the number of refugees are currently put at about 150 , 000 on the iraqi side of the border , and about 59 , 000 which have been allowed to enter iran . lato
some estimates put the number of refugees in the tens of thousands on the iraqi side of the border , and this is in addition to approximately 40 , 000 refugees who have already been permitted entry to iran . frontiera
the most important task of politics is to resolve conflicts and not to create conflicts , to try to understand the other side and to seek realistic joint solutions on the basis of rules of play and framework conditions appropriate to the situation at the time . creali
increased economic interaction between the european union and turkey should foster greater mutual understanding and awareness on both sides of a shared community of interest . parti
the immediate objective must be to restore calm and advance efforts to establish a political dialogue between the two sides . parti
we will pursue our efforts to convince both sides that there is everything to gain and nothing to lose from the entry of a unified cyprus into the european union . parti
no other country has ever dared so coarsely and provocatively to ridicule its own promises , disregard its commitments , make fools of governments on both sides of the atlantic in so short a time , show such shamelessness in violating human rights inside and outside its own domain , and use even dark methods - including murder - to promote its own shady interests . sponde
the recent tragic events in august , when two greek cypriot demonstrators who were protesting peaceably against the occupation were murdered by the occupying forces , are being used by the turkish side to promote the view that the two communities in cyprus cannot co-exist , and so frustrate efforts to unify the island . parte
but i also know the other side of turkey , the side of torture and contempt and violations of human rights . faccia
on the prevention side , however , i want to raise a question which is not an easy one . NULL
personally , as a member of the committee on agriculture , i do not want to take sides in favour of any particular undertaking , but i do want to defend european agriculture as a whole . partito
i hope that the commissioner will stand by our side , that he will stand firm with us , because i think this is of vital importance . fianco
we can all remember the old-style western films where bandits gallop across the state border while the sheriff 's posse has to grind to a halt on one side . frenata
that led to nationalist manipulation on all sides and stabilized the ethnic division , as for instance in brcko where 80 % of serbs voted although in 1991 this area was almost purely muslim ! parti
we cannot have countless organizations working there side by side . lavorino
among other things , i believe that it is unreasonable to mention a number of people on the greek-cypriot side who have been killed . cipriota
where respect for life and for human rights is concerned we must have the courage to show it to both sides . parti
that said , one should emphasize the undesirability on our side of creating any tensions at all in relations between europe and its neighbour turkey . confinante
we also think that the killing of the turkish soldier should be investigated , because someone was murdered on the turkish side too . fila
what we say here also serves to defend our points of view , which necessarily may lie to one side or the other of that compromise . modulano
the down side of all the attention being paid to nuclear safety is that it leaves little room for alternatives to nuclear power . premure
i would like to pick out some of the most important points for setting up a specific framework for this fund ; bringing it into the scope of the european investment bank , which has a cultural side , in order to create attractive financial conditions for all the partners involved and , an aspect which i particularly welcome , the accent on including small production countries and small projects in the programme .  
the commission will devote itself to taking forward , in close cooperation with the member states and the two sides of industry , the pact 's recommendations on this point . parti
nevertheless , in all the speeches - from both sides of the house - i sensed a vague feeling of gloom about the state of the union , as perceived by those who spoke . rispettiva
on the expenditure side , if account is taken of the implementation options , it would indeed appear possible to strengthen the aids for redeployment as well as for coal and steel research , for social research funds have already been provided for within the coal and steel research programmes and within the 4th research framework programme . tien
but in terms of job creation , if you think that simply by putting another 100 million on the trans-european networks we are going to solve the unemployment problem in the european union then i am afraid that is not our view on this side of the house . troverete
otherwise the risk is that , when it comes to the revision of the financial perspective next year , you will find a more than reluctant partner on this side of the budgetary authority when it comes to continuing with something which is rigid and clearly will be unoperational in the longer term . controparte
so that , irrespective of the difficulties , technical and otherwise - i accept that there are some - that exist between the two arms of the budgetary procedure , it is incumbent on both sides to solve this difficulty , and we will solve it . parti
in these circumstances , combined with the fact that these circles are very active , it is perhaps necessary , commissioner , to adopt a more collective approach rather than one that comes only from your side of the matter . posizione
certainly it is felt on this side of the house that the hearing of 20 june , which parliament established and which is referred to in the preamble to the florenz report , was a very good beginning . ala
that was a very good way forward , but we felt on this side of the house that may be an action programme , and that was the word we were talking about and which was the subject of amendments in committee , would have given parliament the power that we have under codecision . parte
after many vicissitudes , the problems on both sides have been solved and the association of slovenia has finally become a possibility . bilaterali
and today the rapprochement between italy and slovenia is progressing to the satisfaction of both sides , and indeed there is a growing realization of the major interests that exist . reciproca
both sides are going to have to continue making great efforts to breathe life into that agreement . da
the main features of the action plan were presented to the russian side by the troika and the italian presidency in both rome and brussels before the council adopted the plan . parte
finally , i would like to point out that the role entrusted to the new committee is different from that of the permanent committee on employment in which the council , the commission and representatives of employers ' and workers ' organization participate , and that its aim is to ensure dialogue between the three sides on issues of social policy for employment . parti
in the sixth indent it is proposed that the committee should regularly consult the two sides of industry at community level . parti
i am a member of the irish government 's task force on the demand side of the problem which recently published an interim report . profilo
unless we target resources to the demand side , we literally cannot win simply by tackling the supply side . stanzieremo
the german foreign ministry indicated to me when i raised this in the debates that public acceptability would be strengthened enormously if everybody could have something familiar on one side of the note or the coin . lati
much more to the point is that we do not want to have several procedures side by side but a uniform , sensible testing procedure which will help us avoid bureaucracy and therefore provide a fair procedure both for the equipment makers and for the shipping companies . sovrapporsi
we also need to appreciate how many different forms of tourism there are , from an all-in package from here to the other side of the world to a simple stroll through the municipal park . parte
acts of violence have frequently occurred in the people 's republic of bangladesh , in the chittagong hills between , on the one side , the bangladeshi security forces and bengali-speaking muslim settlers , and on the other side local tribes consisting mainly of buddhist chakmas . bengalofoni
only when the trade interests of the eu , especially of germany and france , were seriously affected by the d 'amato act did frantic activity break out on all sides . frenetiche
on the technical side , it goes without saying that measures are called for , and the committee on fisheries makes relevant suggestions in this respect . piano
these products , given their dual nature , agricultural and industrial , on the import side are submitted to both an industrial protection and an agricultural protection . lato
the subject of this document is a very complex one , and the terms rpt , or rational planning techniques , and dsm - demand side management - are bandied about very freely in the proposal and the amendments . side
what does the commission think of the idea of converting the whole proposal into a sort of recommendation to the member states to work on demand side management ? domanda
in my own country , the netherlands , we have already more or less finished with demand side management , and the conversion of the distribution companies into providers of energy services , which is what the commission is proposing , is already a fait accompli . fronte
on the revenue side of the budget , the court makes mention of the following facts : vat revenue fell in 1993 by between 5 and 6 % . entrate
when we look at the criticisms of the payments side made in the statement of assurance , two or three things become very clear . settore
we do not entirely agree with the rule - and nor does the commission , incidentally - but now that i see commissioners bangemann and van miert sitting there side by side , i cannot resist the temptation to broach the subject of another concentration in which the commissioners have been closely involved , in the world of football . seduti
i fear though that it has not been possible to get to a compromise which would enable us on this side to support the report in its present form . consentito
furthermore , and this is something i wish to stress , it has been estimated that , because of the greater competition and openness brought about by the single market , inflation in the countries of europe is one or one-and-a-half percentage points per annum lower than would otherwise be the case : that , then , clearly , gives europe 's economy scope on the supply side . lato
with respect to energy efficiency the committee considers that one of the european union policy initiatives with a potential impact on the demand side is the save programme . domanda
from the european parliament 's side this came as late as its resolution of 22 april 1994 . parte
the regime in kigali is presenting refugees with a terrible account which shows forced expulsion , hunger , thirst and cholera on the one side and the abomination of the unpunished 1994 genocide on the other side . scacciandoli
words , like pollution , know no frontiers and when there are headlines in the newspapers saying that the commissioner herself is attacking the environment committee , i am forced to wonder whether the spirit of mutual trust and cooperation that we on our side have tried to establish and build is still in existence . parte
this must provide everyone with food for thought , and essentially it is the people of israel upon whom we call to show their leaders the right road - the road of negotiation , reconciliation and respect for the accords signed in oslo . this is the only way to oppose terrorism , on whichever side it exists , and to strengthen all those on both sides who desire peace . parte
in the same way , he will monitor actions by either side which might prejudice the outcome of the permanent status negotiations . parti
we believe that rapid progress has to be made in complying fully with the undertakings entered into because otherwise there is an even greater risk , i.e. that extremists on both sides - and there are indeed extremists both on the israeli and the palestinian side - will finally succeed in achieving short-term benefits through violence and terrorism which can then , in the longer term , be used as an excuse to hold back progress in the peace process . parti
moreover , the hopes raised by the peace process are in everyone 's minds , both in israel and on the palestinian side . parte
that has taken much courage and clarity of thought on both sides , which occasional crises cannot wipe out . parti
the first achievement of this mutual effort to bury grudges and hatreds is each side 's recognition of the other . odii
there is no alternative to the adopted principle of ' peace for land ' other than a return to terrorism and warfare , which is unthinkable now that people on both sides have begun to think in terms of peace and mutual security . altra
because peace is difficult to achieve , because passions are an inevitable part of the process and a check to progress , it is necessary to call on the goodwill of all concerned , and to resort to the good offices of a mediator who enjoys the trust of the opposing sides . parti
the european union has the capability to participate actively in this process , and to be more involved than it has in the past , but to do so it must remain impartial , above suspicion of favouring one side or the other . parte
the european union must put pressure on israel both politically and economically , because the oslo agreements contained and still contain a strong side and a weak side , and achieving balance means that the weak side , also , has to be assisted in any negotiations . parte
we should support pacifists on all sides and isolate extremists , but one thing is certain : we should make no mistake that one party bears responsibility for the current situation - the israeli government . parti
i quote : ' the european parliament must declare clearly and unambiguously that it is not on the side of the palestinians or israelis , but on the side of peace . ' palestinesi
having said that , i should add that an efficient approach requires that the european union does not try to replace the negotiators , that it does not take the side of one party or the other , and that it should not anticipate future discussions , the timetable for which was laid down in the oslo agreements - the final status of jerusalem , for example . schieri
i believe this is the right position for the european union to adopt , but , obviously , if that is the part we want to play we do need to take a very balanced position between the parties . if we are to participate in this effort with any prospect of success , we must talk to both sides . parti
but despite the large measure of mistrust which still exists between the two sides , the talks have resumed thanks to american mediation . parti
we support the continuation of the oslo process although , currently , one side is more at fault than the other . parte
friends of both israel and palestine want to see each other living comfortably side by side but it takes statesmanship to achieve that and not belligerence . fianco
very cool heads and great restraint are thus needed on both sides if the path of peace and co-operation is to be reopened . ritegno
the question of efficiency would , in my view , be better handled by greater stress on and greater conviction about the role of the market and competition in this most important sector , approaching the matter from the supply side . offerta
naturally we also have to look at the problem from the demand side , which calls for greater cost efficiency to be able to compete better in today 's global economy . lato
i completely share the report 's view that we are adopting a position in favour of peace , not siding with either the israelis or the palestinians . parteggiare
meanwhile , criticism mounts from all sides : from pig breeders concerned about confusion at staging points ; from farmers faced by prohibitive definitions of a journey ; from animal welfare experts who see a lack of properly trained supervision and a shortage of inspectors as crucial shortcomings . fronti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this debate perhaps provides a good opportunity to clarify several points , for i have the impression that , on both sides , even though i recognize that it is sometimes complicated and difficult to establish balanced relationships between partners , we must nevertheless not forget certain truths . altra
both sides agreed that meetings would be held twice a year . parti
i agree that we need to build our relations with china , both economic and political , but the political side should not be left out . aspetto
under those conditions , the elections which the abkhazian side decided to hold on 23 november will not only fail to solve any problems , but on the contrary , will exacerbate existing differences still further . abkhasi
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the announcement by the abkhaz side of socalled parliamentary elections to be held in november will , as mr trakatellis said , do anything but promote the incipient georgian-abkhaz peace process . parte
we call on the abkhaz side finally to respect human rights and to let refugees and displaced persons live in peace with one another in this region . abcasica
slovenia does indeed set standards in several areas from which we in the eu can and want to learn something , for when correctly understood , integration is a unique opportunity that can benefit both sides . arricchirsi
we also call for penalties against ministries and public bodies which fail to keep their side of the bargain . attengono
good working conditions , possibilities for advancement , even if a man has a family and children and is not therefore prepared to sacrifice his private life for his work , must not only be a public issue - it must quite simply be a requirement of all forms of employment , so that these two sides can come together . aspetti
the problem with arms supplies to both sides , both the hutus and the tutsis , is that it means that this war is solely being waged with arms and not with political arguments . NULL
with regard to arms deliveries , there has been some movement on the un side . parte
no country is openly blocking it but there are some countries - and i would mention among others , france , italy and spain - which are pushing for decisive and urgent action on the military side , while others are more hesitant and want more clarification before committing themselves . spingendo
i suggest and cling to the idea that one side of the note and coin should be similar to the existing issuing notes that are issued by banks . lato
on the doom-and-gloom side of loss of jobs , i wish the people who talk about the loss of jobs would tell us how exactly the jobs are going to be lost . chi
no one on this side of the house is in favour of inflation , which hits working people first and hardest of all . lato
what we are actually considering here is a single budgetary thought , with restricted spending and austerity on the expenditure side and increased taxation on the income side - mr prodi 's tax for europe , for example . versante
there is more than one side to this problem - it has various aspects . sfaccettatura
another important topic , i believe , is progressive harmonization of legislation in the labour and socialsecurity field , to enable the european union to create jobs in any state in the union and to prevent borders creating an obstacle to finding work on the other side . frontiera
to be on the safe side , i should like to ask honourable members to vote in favour of my amendment to the lage report , tabled on behalf of the group of the european people 's party , which is amendment no 1 , and to delete the entire passage relating to the insertion of an employment chapter into the treaty . NULL
this means that one side must abandon thinking solely in terms of shareholder value , while the other must negotiate not only in the employees ' interests but also in those of the unemployed . uni
so this house is taking sides in a quarrel which regularly makes front page headlines but is nevertheless a bogus one . posizione
it is not our aim to align ourselves with one side or the other , ideologically or morally , or to define a single approach as to what is meant by drugs and prevention of drug dependence and what policies should be adopted in this area . parte
thanks to intensive preparation , we managed to achieve a result that was acceptable to all sides at the first meeting of the conciliation committee . parti
with these two objectives in mind , we were able to find acceptable compromises on many of the points which the european parliament was concerned about and which karl von wogau has just reminded us of , because the institutions finally agreed to consider the other side 's point of view and to take the necessary steps to enable the agreement to be finalized . altrui
finally , those who stick strictly to national sovereignty and , on the other side , those who have an essentially ' suprastate ' conception of federal power , may have been somewhat worried by my proposals . canto
the union as such is faced with a challenge , although the main responsibility for employment policy lies with the member states - and , in this context , above all with the two sides of industry . parti
in this context , the ppe group indicates in its motion for a resolution that the rights of participation and codetermination of workers in all companies under european law must be established by mutual agreement of the two sides of industry . disciplinati
i am well aware that jobs cannot be decreed from strasbourg or brussels , but i am convinced that by means of a collective and progressive approach which mobilizes all economic and industrial operators , as well as the two sides of industry - employers and workers - we shall gradually find solutions to the problem of structural unemployment . parti
i am pleased to note that , in an event unique in the european union 's history , the two sides of industry have together addressed a joint report to the dublin european council , in which they declare their support for the strategy that we have developed for the achievement of monetary union . parti
the house will always find me at its side when it comes to taking measures in these fields , within the scope of the powers and responsibilities conferred on us by the treaties . fianco
the other side of the house has continually claimed that parliament has been defeated , but this is absolutely not true . stato
i would like to ask him if he has any indication yet as to the precise negotiations for the mandate from the south african side ? parte
regarding the state of play , the south african side has always been very much concerned about its neighbours . preoccupato
i am pretty sure that with the support of the european parliament , we will be able to finalize a good deal for both sides . parti
having been nine years on the other side of the fence , i know that the mandate is always very strict . parte
at this stage i believe that the negotiators on both sides have great confidence in each other . parti
the directive also does much that makes sense in terms of subsidiarity , with two systems of access and two systems for procuring new capacity on the purchasing side . acquisto
of course , this civilization has not had only good sides to it . aspetti
mr president , on the question of television companies , i have taken recently to signing two registers , the one on the right-hand side and the one on the left-hand side . destra
the actual terms of reference for this mission will be defined shortly and the commission 's view is that this mission should involve both sides in high level political meetings . parti
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in a debate like today 's it is very difficult to find something to say , because , basically , the arguments on both sides have already been put forward . fondalmentalmente
mr rehder 's report makes a number of general proposals for reforming the cap , leaving to one side the establishment of a proper strategy and policy on pre-accession and future membership for the ccees . strategica
but it also has an indirect , economic side with regard to the encouragement of the highly employment-intensive tourist industry - one of the few surviving growth industries . risvolto
but if we look at the other side of the coin , which reveals 20 % unemployment and 30 % youth unemployment , of which 49 % are long-term unemployed , then we have to ask ourselves just what this trend involves . lato
to give another example : a sewage treatment plant is to be built in a valley , and for geographical reasons this can only be done on the czech side . ceco
everything is in place but one thing is missing : the pipe from the german to the czech side . congiungere
we need this cooperation not only to boost economic development and make traffic possible again on both sides of the borders , for both sides have been disadvantaged for very many years , but we need to use it also to heal historical wounds . inferte
in northern bohemia , mr pìaoda , who is a journalist , is producing a czechgerman-polish newspaper ; we should support minority languages on both sides of the borders , the german minority in the czech republic , the sorbian minority in saxony . soraba
whether the local politicians on both sides in mostar will build on this head start in the common interest , or whether they will throw it all away again , is now largely in their own hands . detengono
i would like to repeat what i said because i think you will be able to fulfil those expectations in great measure and we on this side of the house look forward to that . ala
i particularly welcome the commitment to streamline the codecision procedure , thus putting both sides of the european union legislature , the council of ministers representing the member states and us , in the european parliament , representing the people , on a truly equal footing . rami
on the institutional side , the fact that the european parliament was able to put forward its proposals on the spot , for the very first time since gatt came into being , strengthens our role in the general decision-making of the union . questioni
be more courageous , and you will have parliament on your side . parte
it is difficult and unavoidable , but there is a positive side to it , in that it shows that integration is maturing . lato
in other words , we must be sure that what we do will be effective , but i can assure you that every country is 100 % behind those who have shown that there is another side to belgrade apart from what president milosevic has shown us . altra
turkey is a member of nato , and while there is much to criticize it for , you have to look at both the positive and negative sides , and this is why we need to hold a meeting of the association council with turkey as soon as possible in order to discuss these issues . aspetti
both sides need to curb their behaviour , otherwise we shall have no chance of finding a solution to the cyprus question , for example . NULL
it is a serious mistake to view latin america - and this is what has happened so far - as just one of several partners in discussion on the other side of the world with which we maintain relations typified by programmes that are frequently ill-defined and not particularly innovative . transoceanici
the response we have had from the other side of the atlantic has been truly extraordinary , the proof of this being that it was not necessary to insist in order to get the guatemalan authorities to propose to us , on the very day they signed the peace accord , to organise the donors ' advisory committee in brussels under the new parameters of the san josé process , which means that once again , the european union will be at the helm in this exercise - and we can do this because the financing involved is relatively modest NULL
there is a positive side to this , namely safety . risvolto
i think , for example , that the partnership meeting about fisheries , which will take place in may in casablanca , is one step further in the commission 's activities , so that relations with morocco , including commercial ones , become increasingly partnership relations and are less strained so that , apart from the problems of political flourishes by one side or the other - and you are political enough to know what political flourishes are - we can reach a calmer , renegotiable position . parte
we already have such certification , and it is well known that certain competitor countries on the other side of the atlantic have exerted pressure on the union to adopt certification at a lower level than we have in scandinavia . oltreoceano
this strategy was the only base of compromise which it was possible to reach in the european parliament and in the committee on agriculture in particular , and mr thomas deserves our greatest support for the effort which he has made to bring the different sides closer together . thomas
we therefore welcome the creation of a group of experts from both sides of industry which will identify by means of a comparative study the legal and actual situation in the eu countries on information , consultation , participation and co-determination . parti
analogous agreements between both sides of industry might also be considered at the branch or company level . parti
may i briefly summarize the position of the committee on social affairs : firstly , both sides of industry should play an appropriate role in establishing the rules on co-determination ; secondly , employee participation in the european company must be more than information and consultation rights of the european works councils , under no condition should there be a european company without employee economic participation . parti
mr president , good industrial relations , with a well-developed relationship between the owners of a company and the management on the one side and the employed and the unions on the other is an asset for all concerned . lato
the lack of a european company statute which , for example provides for stronger involvement of employees , means a waste of resources on both sides and leads of course to considerable costs on the economic side . parti
the phenomenon whereby , in the course of the communitization of these areas of policy , the national parliaments are increasingly being excluded from the legislative process and from the process of control over the new organizations arising in this area is one side of the coin ; and the non-transfer of democratic control and legislative powers to the european parliament is the other side . aspetto
the efficient use of energy resources must not have undesirable side effects , it must be fair and the economic effects must be positive - it is possible to have an excellent policy which avoids any undesirable side effects . indesiderabili
mr president , there are grave defects in the council proposal because the environmental and energy-saving clauses are aspirational only and the charter will provide no binding legal instruments for dealing with what are admitted on all sides to be really grave environmental degradation and pollution and seriously deficient energy-saving norms in the eastern european states , which they show no signs of changing . considerano
as regards the ' cohesion countries ' , the same report notes that the commission is concentrating on water management measures and efforts should be geared towards another type of measure which promotes respect for the environment , because there is a danger that areas as important as nature conservation will be left to one side . orientarsi
it is quite obvious that environmental concerns are put to one side if they happen to be in conflict with greater economic interests . evidentissimo
for the rest , of course we also involve local and regional authorities , but unfortunately they are not always on the side for which you have fought here today either and there is some conflict among them too , which i hope we can resolve jointly by making them more aware of these issues . conflittuali
greater flexibility should only be introduced where it takes account of the interests of both sides . parti
commissioner , if i had not signed the order paper for a motion of censure , i would almost be on your side and apologise to you for the tons of words which come out of this parliament . consentiva
we have , in particular , stressed that community legislation should be designed to guarantee greater competition on the supply side , effective freedom of movement on both the supply and demand sides , provision of adequate , accurate and effective information for individual consumers - who seem to us to be the least well protected under the current legislation - and greater transparency and certainty regarding cross-border contracts . offerta
but it will never be achieved if we only support one side , criticizing it mildly , perhaps , but not demanding the fundamental prerequisite of democracy , namely that all parties be allowed to take part in the elections on a basis of equal rights and opportunities . parti
on the other hand , it is clear that we are on the side of the algerian victims and people . parte
because some , i do not say all the government , but some of the institutions of the algerian state are sheltering murderers , as on the other side there are murderers . parte
in mostar , we have the croat and muslim sides and it seems to me that the only way we can get some kind of solution is to have a kind of de facto federation of mostar on both sides of the neretva river . parte
over on that side of the house there are always characters making out they have nothing to hide . parte
but the other side , the development policy side , is important too . aspetto
the commission 's approach , which focuses on the notions of risk and vulnerability , is highly commendable but , if we are to be sure that account is taken of all the important issues , we need to realize that this is only one side of the coin . faccia
the other side of the coin is undoubtedly a certain price tag , but where no-one denies that there is a price to be paid for everything for respected self-employed entrepreneurs , all sorts of objections are raised when it comes to the assisting spouses of these entrepreneurs . parte
i have been a member of this parliament for 18 years now , and i can tell you that this has been going on throughout the whole of that time , and i regret to have to say that on the commission 's side there have repeatedly been manoeuvres to postpone and obscure the issue , so that it has not been possible for us finally to take a clear decision . parte
what i mean is that we should not go to new orleans , and heaven only knows where else , but that we should finally take action , on our side . orleans
secondly , in a situation where communication is taking on totally new dimensions as a result of the creation of virtual realities and communities , we have the two sides of one coin , the culture industry , bringing passivity to the masses in the guise of activity , and the secret services , centralizing relevant information and screening information as a way of activating the elite , and this is made worse rather than better by the information society . lati
both sides of the argument need to be examined . lati
furthermore , as i said in my opening statement , i agree that meps should take their due place at the round table side by side with the ethical committee and high-level scientists , to ensure that this is a democratic debate . rotonda
dialogue between both sides of industry is the best instrument for settling labour relations . regolamentare
that is why the social and economic dimensions are always cited as two sides of the same coin . facce
at the last meeting of the working group on 24 october last , the canadian side mentioned that canada is launching a new aboriginal forestry programme . autoctone
therefore you have to go down in a lift to the ground floor and cross across the buildings outside or inside and get to another lift and go up there to get from one side of the building to another . lato
our conclusion , as rapporteur , is that this is a positive agreement for both sides : for the european union and for angola . parti
it must also be considered that even if the outcomes which the commission is aiming at in the negotiations on fisheries agreements are of a commercial nature , in the sense that a balance is being sought in the concessions made on each side , these outcomes respect and are in keeping with the measures being applied as part of development policy . concessioni
in creating the single market , neither the commission nor the council considered this debit side . aspetto
you then allowed someone from the other side to speak and that speaker opposed what mrs green had said . stato
well , i am sorry if he is embarrassed , but he knows very well that there are often people in the gallery from industry who are actively encouraged and supported by members from that side of the house and people who come from all other lobbies . lato
i think that this report satisfied a need which was felt on all sides . profili
you will find that we , as members of parliament and of this committee of inquiry , will be on your side as you undertake this work . fianco
the two essential factors for that security , as inseparable as the two sides of a coin , are the economic development of the countries of the southern and eastern mediterranean , and the control of migration flows . facce
on the economic side - although i have to be brief - i do believe it is important to stress not only participation by the public - provided for , at the time , in the meda regulation - but especially the effort to provide backbone and organization which has to be made in the majority of the mediterranean countries so as to be able to consolidate their own structures as societies . NULL
on the political and security side , the commission endorses your report . aspetto
and if that comes into being it will be another step towards establishing a political debate between parliamentary representatives of both sides in the longer term , and i believe that continues to be very necessary . parti
thank you , i have gone on too long , but on the plus side i think i have at least given you a broad outline the results this euro-mediterranean policy is producing . dilungato
on the negative side , while still visiting the parliamentary web-site , i went to look at work in progress in parliamentary committees and i came up with the remarkable fact that no documents were found . fronte
and the european parliament must not allow itself to be drawn into taking sides . unilaterale
it is an illegal decision , because the final status of east jerusalem will have to be discussed during the third stage of negotiations , and because both sides have undertaken to refrain from any action that might change the situation on the ground . parte
not only that , but this one-sided view is combined with dangerous short-sightedness , because developing a fixation with one point of a complex process where there are extremely difficult political equilibria to be respected on both sides is to miss the overall logic and consistency of that process and the difficulties which have to be faced both by the palestinian leader and by the israeli government . fissandosi
however , we do need a cautious approach to help us win these women over to our side , because a society can only change from within . modificarsi
the facts were examined and the myanmar authorities were given a verbal note asking them to take part in a meeting with a view to ensuring the procedure genuinely included views from all sides . this was done irrespective of the intellectual or political repugnance any one of those of us there may have felt . ripugnanza
in a verbal note , the burmese government rejected our invitation . however , the commission has upheld the idea that this is a procedure in which all sides can state their views , by protecting the confidentiality of those who were giving statements and , secondly , also giving the authorities in rangoon the chance to have their say . testimoniavano
in this case you have me on your side , but if i were in your position i hope i should have rather more courage . fianco
objectivity , however , has two sides , and therefore , commissioner , it is still , objectively , incomprehensible to me why the commission has authorized the importing of this maize , despite the fact that thirteen out of fifteen member states were against it . NULL
the latter will undoubtedly colour the vote on both sides of the house again today , in all groups , and i regret that very much . ali
the rapporteur has said this morning that , in some respects , her report takes sides . parte
madam president , from this side of the hemicycle , we are following with some amusement the division between right and left on the more or less extendable definition of human rights . lato
we on the progressive side of this house understand individual rights collectively acquired . ala
i voted against those paragraphs mentioning individual member states which have not had the opportunity to put their side of the case which must be regarded as states following the rule of law , plus those paragraphs dealing with national policies on asylum and immigration when there is still no real european policy in this area ; dovendosi
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i had prepared a note , but it shall not speak from it because i want to dispute some of the things that have been said by members on the other side of the house . opposta
it is also necessary to commit ourselves to active policies for employment , training , investment , research and development strategy , a more active supply side policy , and management of aggregate demand as well . profilo
if we regard benchmarking not as the illusory replacement of policies with self-management of the economy , but rather as a methodical attempt to achieve qualitative goals by means of organized action , then we can begin to refer back productively to the delors white paper - in which the two sides of the argument were still unbalanced - and actually use benchmarking to achieve the methodical renewal of policies . parti
we would like complete transparency about the real weight on each side of the scales , as well as the reaction of the national governments to this agreement , because it is astonishing to promise a three-stage reduction in tariffs on trade in semiconductors up to the year 1999 , if we still hope to achieve the planned strong increase in jobs in the european union through exports , and if greater access is being achieved , as promised , for european industry through better quality of equipment at more competitive prices . piatto
i am glad to have these messages , but i can announce that we will follow this up , determine when it is to be set in motion and carefully monitor developments from the committee 's side so that it is not just empty talk , but that real change occurs . parte
when direct negotiations between israel and the palestinians broke down he offered his good offices , which were welcomed by both sides . parti
while the palestinian side is currently demonstrating a desire to seek european intervention in the peace process , there are others who are seeking to exclude europe , by standing in the way of the excellent work of ambassador moratinos and undermining the aim and scope of the association agreement itself . NULL
each of these settlements is a powder keg , that is to say a potential danger spot , and anyone , from either side , can light the touchpaper whenever they think the time is right . altra
its political scope is obviously even more important than its economic and financial side . aspetto
on the israeli side , premier netanyahu last week conveyed a proposal to president clinton that accelerated talks should be held within six months on a definitive settlement of the status of the autonomous palestinian territories . israele
but on the same day the arab side decided it would be wrong to contaminate the la valetta meeting and that the mediterranean project had its own content and its own momentum to keep it going . parte
emu will not solve the main problem of high unemployment but runs the risk instead of making the situation worse by increasing the numbers of unemployed through its one sided concentration on price stability and fiscal economic demands . ragionieristico
in any case , the five major european environmental organizations and 40 million motorists who are members of associations like the adac , the rac , etc. are on our side . rac
i had discussions at the time , as one of the members of the liberal group , with representatives from both the greek cypriot and the turkish cypriot side . ciprioti
so a dynamic process is unfolding on two sides . dinamico
each side tells you stories about the other side . gruppo
some people have tried to claim that this is all about a dispute between employers and workers , and of course it is perfectly true that the two sides of industry expressed different opinions when they were consulted about this proposal . parti
i would also hope that china 's mission to the european union will step up its contacts and dialogue with members of this house at all levels , and that both sides will show the same spirit of openness . parti
another important point is that support should be given to the osce envoy who is initiating round-table talks in order to promote the restoration of dialogue with the forces of democracy , for it is also essential that these democrats be given due recognition from our side and that they do not become fair game for dictatorial actions . parte
on the one side there is the whole faction around shirinovsky , and on the other side there are the communists , so that we again have an absolute totalitarian majority which , although it may not manage any positive action , is able to destroy any initiatives . parte
secondly , the draft treaty between belarus and russia can only be analysed within the much wider scope of the re-structuring of the cis , a problem which cannot be put to one side , but which is nevertheless completely forgotten in the common resolution . trascurato
to continue supporting mobutu means closing one 's eyes to his inability to provide himself with ministers and government officials worthy of the name ; let us therefore take the side of kabila , since the news reaching us from that region confirms his ability to handle the crisis far more effectively than his adversary . parteggiamo
i have spent the best part of my existence on the side of the defence and i know there are no empty words , wherever they are spoken . banchi
although it may be difficult to understand that , after all that has happened , the agreement is going to be signed at the end of april , we think that this is a good move for both sides since , once we have signed the agreement , the european union will have a legal basis and the legitimacy to approach the cambodian government . parti
to put it another way : the disabled must travel along the broad avenues , and not be diverted off into side streets and blind alleys . laterali
let us not forget that the maastricht treaty is going to be ratified in most countries by referendum ; it is women who will go out to vote in large numbers and unless we have women on our side the new treaty may well be signed not ratified . parte
what is important from the human side is to accept the amendment which extends the benefits provided for italian fishermen , to fishermen - properly signed on , obviously - from third countries , generally maghreb countries . profilo
we must thus be careful to see that an accumulation of free trade agreements does not lead to major undesirable side effects in the member states . secondari
the principle giving preferential treatment to mountain breeds of pigs is praiseworthy ; less praiseworthy is the idea of granting aid only to farms whose areas are distinctly on the large side for so-called hill farming . suino
in particular , parliament has underlined the importance of real savings in agricultural spending on the compulsory side . obbligatoria
each side has to take responsibility to adopt a 1998 community budget which contributes to a stable financial environment and , at the same time , strengthens the key policies for europe . NULL
the common position sets its sights high and , if the directive is finally adopted , it will be the first example of legislation to reduce emissions from mobile sources where the same principles are being followed on both sides of the atlantic . coste
as mrs fontaine will remember , i said in one of the meetings that a good compromise is one which is a little painful to both sides , or to all three sides . parti
this is a partnership and , of course , this has to be discussed and negotiated with the moroccan side . marocco
mr president , i share the concern of the honourable member , a concern which i had indeed expressed myself from the other side of the house , sitting on the benches on the left of parliament , during the past decade . parte
i take exception to some of the comments both on my own side and from the greens with regard to this issue . settore
so as regards the external side , the law , what is basically being said is that the intelligent use of a weapon like the recommendation allows us , with the immediateness international political problems require , to formulate how foreign policy is debated , and whether there are criteria , opinions , judgements , or guidelines to the commission . raccomandazione
i would urge the commission to consider the possibility of reaching an agreement with the usa - as was done in relation to the helms-burton act - before we find ourselves on the losing side for a second time in a dispute settlement case . perdenti
that is the bright side of the story . aspetti
that is the other side of the coin . lato
there are good sides to indonesia but it also has its pathetic sides and it is up to us , especially when considering human rights and the lack of democracy , to put our finger on this very sore spot . riprensibile
that is the critical side of the matter . lato
perhaps the encouraging side is that the famous article 8 of the anti-terrorism law has been applied , under pressure from this house among others , which led to the release of a very large number of journalists , writers and other people , more than 150 if i am not mistaken , who had been imprisoned for infringing the provisions of freedom of expression . lato
mr president , the commission 's communication and mr rackin 's excellent report on the implementation of the eu 's regional policy in the new member states brings out very clearly the good sides and critical points . lati
cross-border cooperation , in particular , should be seen as part of associated countries ' pre-accession strategy , by means of which practical measures can be taken , to the benefit of both sides , to improve the conditions in which people in border areas live . direzioni
the situation in the euroregions , the fact that money earmarked for cross-border cooperation can practically only be spent on assistance to immediate frontier zones on our side of the border , is intolerable . euroregioni
today , the border is accepted on both sides , and we have an excellent relationship between danes and germans in the border area , a relationship which has been a model for many other places . lati
we are good neighbours who have a low fence with many openings , but we take our own decisions for ourselves , and respect those taken by the other side . parte
i represent one of those townships , país vasco , which through circumstances of history , was divided between two states either side of a frontier - a frontier which has long made communication difficult between two entities which share the same language and culture , in addition to forming a unit suited to cooperation in other fields such as the social and economic field . ritrovato
it is absurd that a worker in irún , the basque country , working in hendaye on the other side of the border , should not have access to coordinated services within the fields of health and social security ; we see shades of kafka when he telephones from his home to his workplace and has to pay for an international call . lato
with regard to the internal borders , the interreg programmes implemented on some borders demonstrate that the structural funds are capable of promoting in-depth co-operation , with a single programme on both sides of the border , a steering committee and working groups that mobilize a wide-ranging partnership , and a single common fund for the financing of the projects . parti
part of this involves the creation of legal and fiscal conditions for the operation of cross-border enterprise zones , the coordination of instruments designed to promote regions and their economies on both sides of borders and crossborder social cooperation . lati
why must i wait for the emergency services from another part of my own country when there are emergency vehicles free just across the border ? or if the hospital across the border has a consultant who specializes in my illness , why can i only be admitted to the county hospital on my own side of the border ? lato
the sharp contrasts of kabila 's humanitarian commitments on the one side , and the continuing persecution of rwandan refugees and harassment of international aid workers on the other , show a clear lack of cohesion or a lack of communication within the alliance , notably between the top political leadership and local military commanders . lato
with particular reference to the kurdish problem , the commissioner has already referred to the terrorism carried out by the pkk but i should like to ask him whether the european union is ready , as it did in chechenya and yugoslavia , to make proposals for a political solution to solve the kurdish problem on both sides ? parti
we must make better use of the european union 's instruments , such as the committee on employment and the labour market or the multiannual programmes in order to improve coordination of economic and employment policies , so that we can also make it easier for both sides of industry to discuss matters at european level . interlocutori
however , it is my belief that we have the law on our side , since the council 's legal advisors are still searching , somewhat desperately , for a legal basis on which to resolve the issue , and i think they could end up by falling in with our proposals . parte
i would actually prefer to put the whole issue of the results to one side and make one or two political comments instead . parte
if we look at what mrs berger 's report has to say , for example , about how pension funds are not allowed to operate in certain member states and cannot offer their services or invest there , it is clear that this is the other side of the single market . aspetto
the will expressed by both sides of industry during the employment march has set the tone . parti
this freedom , on both sides , must , however , be based on safety which only a thorough system of professional certification , harmonized throughout europe , could guarantee . poggiare
on what side of the argument does the obscurantism lie ? parte
i should like on this point to appeal to the commission to insist on its proposals : it will always have the european parliament on its side in the fight to go from declarations to practical actions that could change the situation . fianco
madam president , mr poggiolini has made an excellent summary of the gist of his report , our initial intentions , our frustrations and the solutions found so that we can celebrate an important approval and so that my group can side with the poggiolini recommendation , coinciding with it in that the european parliament must vote for a resolution that is positive and even i would say , historic . poggiolini
i think that common sense is on our side . parte
that covers the technical side . piano
europe was born of economic issues - the ecsc , coal and steel ; it has since developed on the social side and today it is struggling to find the right relationship , the right balance , between the economic and the social . fatica
think of the importance of a time difference for the daily lives of people living on either side of that border , especially employees and schoolchildren . parte
so we believe it is very important to highlight not only the economic and commercial side but especially the cultural side and development of relations between the various cultures , to promote the construction of europe . aspetto
both sides are currently in negotiation , though we remain under an obligation , should the negotiations prove unsuccessful - and we shall know the outcome next week - to consider the legal aspects and then decide whether the spanish law is compatible with eu law . NULL
let us just assume that the negotiations that have taken place this week were conducted by one side in an unfair and discriminatory manner . parti
one side would be so certain of being acknowledged to be in the right that it would say : ' i do not need to negotiate any further ! ' NULL
to some extent that is also the reason why , as rapporteur , i have dealt with the commission 's proposal in a waya which not only takes account of the legal side , but also looks at an overall restructuring of the system of organizing agriculture at community level . parte
one of our problems in this parliament is that not many people will take notice of you , especially on that side of the house . parte
on this side of the house we are as one . lato
then you 'll find we 're on your side ! punto
again i would like to emphasize that the french are not the only ones asking for measures to be taken in terms of employment but i think that this demand is now being made on all sides . parte
on their side , the national governments habitually fall into the trap with such unbelievable facility that it can only conceal voluntary renunciations . cadono
madam president , the rapporteur , our honourable colleague mrs neyts , whom i warmly congratulate from the other side of the barrier on her report which i disagree with , is wrong according to me when she states that the democratic deficit can notably be combatted by granting this institution , the european parliament , greater powers . parte
so on one side there is speed and incisiveness - unfortunately on the side of the criminals - and on the other there is delay , discontinuity and inefficiency . NULL
i think that we can take these criticisms which sometimes come from the russian side very lightly . parte
on the cost side , i think the costs of equipment and services may come down thanks to the liberalization of telecommunications , but while it is true that computers are costing less all the time , i have yet to see significant effects on telephone bills . NULL
the horizontal side is far harder than the vertical side . verticale
that is why we propose the immediate opening of consultations between the french and spanish governments and between producers ' organisations , to avoid confrontations , lessen tensions , open dialogue and find solutions to allow producers on either side of the pyrenees to do their work properly . versanti
sport and the eu must not be allowed to drift any further apart , and good agreements will always make both sides the winners . parti
this directive , along with the directive on vat , was one of the principal foundations of the tax side of completing the single market . componente
madam president , i should like to suggest , to be on the safe side , that none of those who have submitted an explanation of vote is entitled to do so , because it has been proved that none of them was present here in the chamber , and this was not checked at the time . pronunciarla
the authority responsible on our side is directorate general iv , and on the bulgarian side it is the competition protection commission . parte
one of the basic principles of competition policy is notification , in other words , an indication must be given of everything that is compulsorily notifiable , in the context of competition policy , both on the bulgarian side and also on the side of the european union . parte
another of these basic principles is the responsibility - as i have already mentioned - of a competition authority , to ensure that it is possible for information to be sought by both sides , as well as the exchange of secret and confidential information , and the range of group exemptions that are available . parti
throughout these investigations and subsequent negotiations with the norwegian side , the commission 's main preoccupation has always been to protect the scottish and irish salmon farmers from unfair trading practices . norvegia
those on the european side were somewhat handicapped in that they did not have before them the evidence which the commissioner has just read before this house . parte
our european union already suffers from paralysis brought about by excessive regulation , and i would prefer it to err on the side of dynamism and consensus . eccesso
we in europe have too often experienced the dark side of dictatorship and intransigence not to be able to recognize it once again in those who murdered one of our fellow citizens last saturday . oscuro
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mrs pery , our group has insisted on the need and the advantages for both sides in setting clear rules and principles to enable european union fishing fleets continuous access to non-community waters . reciproci
ladies and gentlemen , looking at the other side of the coin , we should also be sufficiently humble to say that this is a new form of patent and that , today , we do not know what the consequences of research in this area will be . brevetto
mr president , today we are debating some of the most important aspects of the complete liberalization of telecommunications from 1 january 1998 , and also various dramatic side effects of that liberalization , such as its effect on the numbering system . collaterali
it had always been clear to our side , to the european parliament , that it is fundamentally impossible for a figure , a specific budgetary amount , to be compulsory . parte
however , i have to make it very clear that it is the responsibility of the commission , the council and parliament to ensure that the levels of income of europe 's farmers are maintained , especially at a time when many sectors face extreme financial problems on the income side . entrate
this has been our policy in the fight against some diseases as i explained to the director of the world health organization and to some ngos from the other side of the atlantic and elsewhere who visited me for that purpose . lato
we , the group of the european people 's party , have always been on the side of those who want to reform the european union . parte
on that point , we should stress the good faith and attitude with which the cyprus government came to the recent talks on the cyprus problem despite the continuing intransigence of the turkish side , and that is a reason why cyprus cannot remain hostage to those attitudes and why a solution cannot be a prerequisite for its accession . parte
with regard to the foreign and security policy , we have always found that the critical weakness is not any budgetary problem but always the question of who we should make responsible and how we are to control the expenditure side . spese
the protection of biotechnological inventions is primarily a technical issue , with legal implications , even if yesterday 's passionate debate mostly focused on the ethical and moral side . vista
flexibility and modernization can only come about as the result of a contract where there is flexibility on the one side and more jobs , for example , or adequate security and social security on the other . lato
time is not on our side and the population lacks everything . stringe
however , in recent days , like my colleague mrs jackson , many of my colleagues on this side have been lobbied heavily by charitable organizations alleging that by voting for the virgin report , we are about to ban the export of secondhand clothes and other textiles to non-oecd countries . parte
i think that is something that both sides can agree on . parti
but we must not search out the guilty on one side only. there may be more of them on one side and less on another , but there are guilty on both side and it strikes me as strange that we look for them only on one side and not on the other . parte
finally , i would just say how necessary it has been since the outset - and still is - to have a social dialogue in this sector , involving both sides of industry along with consumers ' representatives and associations . parti
leaving the relations between the commission and parliament to one side , it is also an intellectual pleasure to be able to deal with one another in this way and to discuss what are indeed rather complex but very important matters for a large area of our economic life . parte
all in all , the result would understandably be more frustration and less satisfaction on both sides . parti
and it was already being said then that the budgets for leonardo , socrates and youth for europe were on the low side .  
nor do i believe that mr viola , who is also unfortunately no longer present , but i shall say it anyway , perhaps he can read it in the minutes - is right when he says that there are special parts of culture deserving of protection , and one should concentrate on these , leaving the others , which find a place in economic life anyway , to one side . sbocco
even though , thanks to the dissension of the opposing side , we shall not win tomorrow , i must ask you to see that we make progress here . parte
that was not simple on our side of the house , because the budget and agriculture experts have different views . ala
so , the acquisition of buildings in consequence of those decisions has been one problem , but of course in our budget for next year the disposal of our surplus buildings is the other side of the same problem . faccia
study after study tells us what has to be done on both the thermal and nuclear side but we seem to be incapable of making the financial arrangements . termico
risk capital and innovations will catch each other 's attention if the risk capital side is convinced that prospective customers and other interested parties believe in a new business and if the entrepreneur or inventor understands that the risk capital investor wants a reasonable return on his investment . parte
each side remains free to judge how , where and when it wishes to raise these issues in cuba . parte
mr president , the last time sir leon was here it was also to speak about the helms-burton act , and as my compatriot , mr salafranca , recalls , he said that if the united states did not keep their side of the agreement , by continuing to postpone title 3 and by revoking title 4 , the commission reserved the right to go back to the wto panel . parte
i have deliberately talked about civil war in the yugoslav case and crisis in the algerian case , just to emphasize that it is quite impossible to regard the algerian events as a clash of ethnic groups or opposite sides in society . parti
in palestine both sides are indeed committing acts of violence which we all condemn , not least the latest insane acts of terrorism in jerusalem . parti
for this reason , we support the proposal from the president of the council to set up a permanent security committee between europe and the united states to exercise the maximum possible pressure on both sides . parti
if america were to adopt a unilateral position in favour of one side or the other the peace process would come to an end . parte
as for the code of conduct , i am well aware that it is not a miracle cure , but it is an instrument which could be useful as long as there is the courage to maintain political pressure on both sides in the peace process at a political level within the european union . parti
we are going to vote for the amendments which have been adopted by the committee , that is , not to be bound by these very tight financial limits , to be able to give a higher level of cofinancing from the eu 's side and that there should be thorough checks on whether the funds have been used correctly . parte
the danger exists - and you may have noticed from which side the applause has just come - and one has to proceed here with particular caution . parte
although the united states , japan and europe are often described as the three sides of the triangle , very clearly , in japanese terms , relations between europe and japan are of what they would call a ' younger brother ' nature compared to those between europe and the united states and the united states and japan . lati
there are atrocities on both side all the time and the civilian population is being squeezed . parti
concerning mrs oddy 's proposal to consider the possibility of putting mary robinson in charge of a special mission aimed at promoting a rapprochement between the two sides and to put an end to the conflict which is raging in the country , i am completely open to this proposal . parti
there is therefore no need to form an ad hoc delegation as the common draft resolution proposes , and we feel it is essential to draw on existing parliamentary structures on both sides , possibly enlarging them to include a few members of the committee on foreign affairs . parti
whilst obeying international law , however , we must not fail to remember that the cypriot conflict is somewhat more complex , that there are two sides , and that it is of vital important for peace that cypriots make peace amongst themselves , distancing themselves from false friends on both sides of the sea . facce
raouf denktash has made impossible demands , yet there can be no peace in cyprus without an agreement with the turkish cypriot side as well , and for this one must seek new ways . parte
this is not a matter of angels , not a case of only good on one side and evil on the other , but it is a case of those who are ready to see the dayton process through to a good conclusion - regardless of where they may stand on it individually - needing our complete support . lato
it must not be possible following the end of the war for people still to exist - unfortunately on all sides , but certainly mainly on one side or the other - who hinder the return of refugees , or the operation of this whole programme in which a multi-ethnic bosnia is being created . parti
madam president , in support of this resolution , it is right that this european parliament maintains its criticism of violence and human rights abuses on all sides in the colombian conflict . parti
however , if one side wants to introduce something which should be taken for granted , namely the identification and traceability of beef for consumers , and must accept the financial liability , then there is no sense in paying the other side , the industry - and then a full 100 % at that ! parte
i would like to ask the commission if , in december , in connection with the monti initiative , it will at least discuss reclaiming tax-raising powers , namely on financial operations , company profits and property , as in view of the stability pact this can only be done through gains on the receipts side . entrate
having said all that i share the optimism that it seems possible for the union and canada to cooperate more fully and that both sides better understand and respect each other 's point of view . stringano
it is not a matter of replacing one system by the other , both can function side by side . accanto
moreover the single currency exposes member states to the danger of asymmetric shocks on the demand side which it will no longer be able to possible to offset by a readjustment of the exchange rate . lato
if an actual agreement is to be avoided because we fear that the asean side will not accept human rights conditionality , then i am afraid parliament will not accept that .  
such is the challenge that in my opinion we have to take up , the challenge for which , for example , at the level of the european union budget , our group proposed to put to one side a certain number of credits allocated to the asean countries , just to show that we are not happy that they have accepted burma as one of their members . favore
however , i believe that it is important , particularly in the case of vietnam and laos , to stress the development policy side , and to emphasise the need for sustainable development . aspetto
at the same time however , on the minus side , it must be said that unemployment has reached a record level of 37 % in a short time , which shows that the economic measures have been very harsh . aspetti
nevertheless , ladies and gentlemen , if you would allow me , as someone from a country which is of course a signatory to this agreement , greece , to express my desire and my wish to break down the final barrier to relations between the two countries by finding a viable and dignified solution , which is acceptable to both sides , to the problem of the international name of the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , a solution that will respect the sensitivities of both countries . parti
we received visas to visit angola and the purpose of the visit was purely peaceful to try to ensure that both sides were fully involved in implementation of the lusaka accords . parti
there has to be two sides , unita and mpla , implementing the lusaka accords to have a solution in angola and the tension in the region . parti
for a very long time on both sides cooperation remained the priority of a few . parti
fighting poverty and helping the poorest countries to become part of the international system must therefore become two sides of the same coin . facce
what is missing , in my view , is a completely clear declaration by the acp side on what their concepts are , and what their demands are . parte
the subject of satellite communications is again proposed for cooperation projects with mediterranean third countries , both for the dissemination of technical standards , with the aim of becoming interoperable , and for the many applications that could quickly multiply the opportunities for dialogue with the other side of the mediterranean by providing assistance for air and maritime traffic , distance learning , telemedicine , promoting tourism by studying and managing the territory and costs , and , finally , the monitoring of natural resources . sponda
the council has taken the side of the motor companies in this , and in tomorrow 's vote we in parliament should support the consumer and the free market . posizioni
it is also clear that we , on this side of the house , will not be part of a marketing exercise to sell such a pretence . ala
on all sides of this house we have to be very honest with ourselves if we want luxembourg to be a success . con
we want this to be a historic summit meeting that looks at employability , where there are no sacred cows and where on all sides of this house and on all sides of the political argument , we look maturely and sensibly at how to get our people back to work . aree
but now we do not see them at our side on the issue of a true employment policy . fianco
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the fact that 18 million people are unemployed throughout the european community constitutes a challenge to the european union , even though the primary responsibility for this lies with the employment policy of the member states , and particularly with both sides of industry . parti
employment and economic policy are two sides of the same coin of a social market economy . facce
both sides of industry need to reach agreements so that after training , job opportunities , including contract-type work , are available to the long term unemployed and the young . NULL
and that means allocating and assuming responsibilities , obligations and actions on all sides and throughout the whole spectrum of powers . componenti
it helped that mr mulder was rapporteur for the agriculture side . agricoltura
on a more positive side , it wants to promote education and the introduction of information technology in order to improve transparency for the benefit of smes . NULL
that is true both of the expenditure side and the income side . voci
on the expenditure side the increased cheating with money from structural funds can be explained by the improved reporting system . spese
it is the member states who are entirely responsible for the income side of the eu budget . introito
following the recent suspension of cleaning activities at the cap de la hague reprocessing plant by the french government , is the commission able to give a full assurance of the safety of current operations at the cap de la hague insofar as they might impact on inhabitants on both sides of the english channel and the validity of french national checks on radioactivity and nuclear reprocessing plants . sponde
, mr president , as usual the previous speaker on the other side of the house has not even taken the trouble to read the commission 's proposal and mr wiebenga 's amendments . parte
might we ask that a significant step is taken by the other side as well ? parte
when you look at the alternatives : we do it with the sale name , with this product it means that the consumer has to look in the small print on the back because that is where the sale name is and it can also be there if other fats have been added to this product , chocolate , then the consumer has to look at the small gold lettering on the side to find out whether it contains other vegetable fats . lati
and i am sure i shall have on my side all of you who have already spoken , when we talk soon about consumer protection and consumer information , for instance , on concerning wine , identification and other matters . parte
i believe that is a task which benefits both sides . parti
would you not be of a disposition to request a solution very quickly , because , let us not forget , our banana producers , who are affected by these decisions , are small farmers , whose capital and financial possibilities are relatively limited , whereas on the other side , there are major capitalist companies , such as united fruit , chiquita , etc. who can hold out for a fairly long time . parte
there are also positive sides , including the fact that the allowance for the clearing of anti-personnel mines is increased by ecu 1 million under the paragraph on arms reductions . aspetti
in the first place , i would like to stress the fact that the commission has introduced a proposal which drastically changes a situation which is certainly somewhat untidy - eight member states on one side , seven on the other - but where , in fact , everyone was relatively satisfied , particularly consumers , who could consume the type of chocolate they wanted . lato
this information must be clear , precise , legible and printed both beside the list of ingredients and on the display side of the product beside the brand name . lato
on one side , we condemn every month those who have been able to raise an army of liberation , supported by the population , to destroy a tyranny which several member states of the union had protected for thirty years , in the name of mutual corruption . NULL
on the other side of the river , a dictator who was driven out at the ballot box returns to power by force , and thanks to the help of several foreign states , and in this case we find nothing to say in our emergency resolutions . NULL
it must be our obligation - and for this we need a dialogue with china - to convince the chinese side that as long as human rights are not widely recognized , as long as there is no progress in this respect , there cannot be the necessary advances in economic and social systems . partner
kovacs is on the side of the people . parte
i agree with mrs daskalaki that the written press and the other media should complement one another , and can certainly exist side by side in a new field of communications , but that the commission should concern itself with the difficult situation of the press . comunicazionale
madam president , we should not be regarded , on this side of the house , as an appendix , or indeed an appendicitis . lato
i don 't think it is right that it should be pushed to one side . ignorato
that is obviously no guarantee of improvement but any hope of an improvement starts with the realization on the turkish side that something needs to be done . parte
that is a vital point of disagreement between the two sides in this debate . parti
my third point is that , for reasons of forgery prevention and user friendliness the new coins in all member states should be the same on both sides . facce
i would also like to deal with the subject of european money " on both sides of the coin ' . lati
i am absolutely opposed to mr metten 's amendment to design the coins with two european sides . facce
it represents a single , simple , safe , harmonized regime that all sides of this house can support . gruppi
for these reasons we think that euro coins should be nickel-free , that the denominations should be of different sizes and that the coin should have room for national designs on one side . caratterizzazione
we have voted for a national side on the euro coins , but with reservations . caratterizzazione
it is clear that the reason why the commission and the council want to have a national side is not that they wish to show respect for national , democratic self-determination , but it is principally a trick to con the citizens into thinking that the emu project allows a certain retention of democratic self-determination , which is not the case . caratterizzazione
that said , it is clearly safer to err on the side of caution and it is therefore right to move in the direction of a reduction in the production of greenhouse gases . orientarsi
energy conservation must be promoted on the supply side , and we must make sure that positive alternative fuels and electricity generating systems and renewable energy sources point the way forward . offerta
but i do not want to talk about scotland today , i want to talk about countries on the far side of the globe , such as kiribati , tuvalu and bangladesh which will bear the brunt of the rise in sea level if we do not take immediate action . opposta
it cannot be right that one side always gives way in order to push the urgency through , whereas the other side simply does not fulfil its own obligations ! parte
i will start with the revenue side of the budget . parte
i now come to the output side , and start with agricultural policy . spese
also , in general we cannot write everything we know in the report , particularly if parallel investigations by the public prosecutor are in progress , because otherwise we would warn the other side too early , on the basis of the prescribed cross-examination procedure . controparte
ladies and gentlemen , in his report mr böge has given a very accurate and excellent presentation of the credit and debit sides of the european parliament 's demand , as we in the committee of inquiry stated it , and today we have a very detailed list of achievements and failures in relation to what the commission has done in the last halfyear . esattezza
it must involve the member states as well as the commission , and we look forward to initiatives on both sides in that regard . parti
the crucial question of teacher training , which is very different in our diverse countries , is completely left to one side , as is a concern which seems to us fundamental , that of the future of general education in our different european countries . parte
the weakness of the system is that the worker side , which is often the weaker in such a negotiating situation , could be put at a disadvantage . parte
mr president , we are faced with two sides of the same problem , with enormous implications for the living and working conditions of working people . aspetti
but we must not close our eyes to the fact that the present system generates , and has for many years generated , hidden , adverse side effects on other means of transportation , on other ways of doing retail business . collaterali
obviously , we would not get involved in this political question in favour of either side . parte
everything has two sides . facce
from that experience - not from a theoretical standard - we know that the services which affect companies ' competitiveness are more expensive here than on the other side of the atlantic , and that we have to progress - to continue to progress - towards liberalization . parte
the visible projects that i see in my constituency , such as the computer training suite that i launched yesterday , is the human and proactive side of european union policies . lato
as well as that , the key work and cooperation that can be created at cross-border level has been neglected for too long and the fund has brought together communities on both sides of the border to create greater understanding and a greater belief in what they can do for themselves . lati
i hope that the fund continues to treat , and will be seen to treat , all sides fairly . parti
that is one side of the coin . aspetto
the other side is - let us be open about this - that a lot of the proposals were much too timid . NULL
let us remember the victims of all sides by building a ' bridge for the living ' . to quote philip larkin , a british poet . parti
if , however , carbon dioxide is a threat to the world , then the green position has logic on its side : an end to the use of all fossil fuels , oil , gas and coal . logica
the eu 's demands are in fact on the low side , but they are nonethe-less far more realistic than those of the usa and japan . posizione
after long and painful labour , mr tsatsos and mr méndez de vigo heard new demands rising on all sides . travaglio
we could have adopted a more radical position , especially as our expectations were so high , and our hopes so dashed . we were almost cut to the quick to see that in amsterdam , the european idea appeared to have been set to one side . parte
on the other hand , a transatlantic conference entitled ' building a bridge across the atlantic ' was held in may in washington , and brought together experts in civil society , education , youth and culture , in electronic trade and parliamentary links , from both sides of the atlantic . parti
firstly , will the president-in-office of the council and the president of the commission , when they both go to the summit , ensure there is a long-term perspective built into the summit conclusions so that we know we are working together on both sides of the atlantic to shape a longer term transatlantic partnership ? sponde
mr president , we have heard today quite a lot about achievements , intense discussions and indeed some problems with our partners on the other side of the atlantic . oltreoceano
however , i believe we have to shoulder a special political responsibility , and by this i am referring now to the three institutions that are active on the side of the european union . parte
this is not a particularly controversial issue between the various sides of this house . gruppi
without being - and certainly not wishing to be - churlish , i would , however , like to suggest that he adds one thing to his list , which appeared to be omitted , and that is the suggestion that there should be much closer cooperation between the competition authorities on this side of the atlantic and those on the other side , notably the justice department and the federal trade commission . oltreoceano
those of us who belong to the delegation were reassured by the promise we had from commissioner van miert to try to work towards closer relationships between competition authorities on both sides . parti
the agenda that we are now finalizing expresses the desire on the european side to deal with subjects which will play a useful role in the real development of our relations with the united states in years to come . parte
on our side , we are going to make the necessary arrangements to ensure that this demonstration can take place in a calm and dignified manner . parte
i should also like to put my question right away as i believe it is too important to be left to one side . parte
it provides for it in three ways : firstly , exchanges , seminars and multilateral controls that will give national officials the opportunity to work side by side and study their respective working methods reciprocally . fianco
this corruption of european institutions which constantly work against its own side must be put right urgently , and initially by rejecting the treaty of amsterdam , for if not europe will be lost . squadra
although underlings may be called to account , those who give the orders for war crimes by and large escape the consequences , particularly those from the political side . lato
nato enlargement and the enlargement of the union are independent processes , but they are two sides of the same coin . facce
but in the interim , and whilst encouraging turkey on the path to democratic reforms , we must together reflect on our common future , avoiding situations which prevent progress , putting to one side prejudices and assumptions and above all showing some imagination . preconcette
this policy was made at the expense of future generations , has contributed to considerable new gulfs between the people of west and east germany and shares responsibility for the barrier to reform in germany which is bewailed on all sides by our partners in europe . lamentata
as i understand it , they are suggesting a european conference , which is the enlargement process , with a side helping of extra political support for turkey . supplemento
this has been confirmed from all sides in this plenary . confermato
we see that opening up of the east has accelerated the economy , that mutual relationships have become very much closer , that trade will profit , that both sides are profiting from this opening up . parti
i believe that eastward enlargement will create jobs on both sides . cogliere
this report attempts to introduce ways of making reviews of financial perspectives more flexible - on both the income side and the spending side -and we may need those reviews in order to make enlargement viable without jeopardizing our present policies , particularly those relating to economic and social cohesion . entrate
the other side is that the economic development of the member states can really only be restructured from diverging to converging with a great deal of difficulty . NULL
in the second section of paragraph 9 in the english version it says " the two sides of industry ' . my british colleagues have pointed out to me that it is better to say " the social partners ' . sides
on the imperfections side , there is also an amount of ecu per job created higher than the sum allocated in other member states and quite a low job creation target compared with the exceptional budgetary allocation belgium benefits from . imperfezioni
we can side wholly with the spirit of the report as it is expressed in paragraph 40 , as it says at last : look , we have got an existing situation and we have to organize a transition which takes into the account both the challenges outside the union , and the greatest needs amongst ourselves . NULL
i therefore think that , although this is a solid document , there is something missing from the communication from the commission and in the report by mrs waddington , namely , the " demand side ' . domanda
i think , as i have said , that we should inform men and have them on our side in this fight against the new slavery . schierarsi
in conclusion i would like to thank all those who have given their constructive and critical attention to the consultation process , and i think we can now safely say - i assume my colleague mr tappin will concur with this - that the conciliation team has found a sensible compromise with its proposal - even if it has taken some time to produce - which has been helped along by both sides . parti
to all appearances , this draft was overbeneficial to companies on the other side of the atlantic , and had it been adopted unamended , i remind this house that it would have been directly and immediately applicable , and outside parliamentary control in most of our member states , as it fell into the regulatory field . atlantico
these are remarks on the revenue side of the budget , designed for the maximum clarity and transparency . entrate
we hope that the council will see the wisdom of this , accept it and will even go further than that by deciding that during the forthcoming year , instead of leaving a lot of our discussions to the very last minute , it will enter into a sensible dialogue with parliament on the revenue side of the budget . entrate
each extra ecu coming into the budget is worth as much as an ecu saved on the expenditure side . voci
yet when we look at the wastes on the own-resources side , from the collection of traditional own resources , the fraud in preferential trade agreements , the failure to ensure proper collection of excise duty and vat , and the whole question of transit fraud on which this parliament had a committee of inquiry , we can see massive losses of potential income to the european budget which could be had without increasing the own-resources rates . esazione
i hope that this cooperation continues with their acceptance of our minor revenue-side amendments and then a sensible discussion on the revenue side later next year . entrate
we ensured , despite the enlargement resolution , that savings would be made on the administration costs side . amministrativi
ladies and gentlemen , i thank you all for your assistance , your constant suggestions , the controversial discussions with the other side of the house , and the support and encouragement for my work generally . parte
we have made compromises with the conservative side of this house . conservatori
the commission has the responsibility and it should also have the opportunity to transfer funds from one side to another on its own responsibility . settore
we also know that they have difficulty doing that because they can get on the wrong side of prospective clients , important clients . scoraggiato
as far as the legal side is concerned , our staff regulations do not oblige us to use age limits , so no changes are necessary there . aspetto
the anger on both sides of the north channel with the irish , scottish and welsh farmers all at each other 's throats has been caused by the frustration of not knowing how to go on from where we are . canale
last time we also defended the national side of the coins . faccia
it shows on one side what we have in common , and on the other , individuality , as a symbol of europe . parte
the european parliament wanted to avoid a new division , which would have left some countries at the side of the road , despite their enormous efforts to breathe new life into their democracies and market economies . infondere
in luxembourg , it was shunted into a siding . sistemata
mr president , at the time of our first debate on the technical specifications of the future euro coins , the european parliament ended up admitting , after a great deal of controversy , that one side of the coin would be set aside for national symbols , and voted an article along these lines . faccia
let us hope that this does not mean a change in position on its part and that it remains clearly understood that the future coins will have one national side . faccia
with regard to this , the curious situation in which we are going to find ourselves should be noted since , unlike the coins , the notes will have two european sides , identical in all countries and with no national symbol , in compliance with the position adopted by the council of the european monetary institute on 3 december 1996 . identiche
certainly , article 109f.3 of the treaty anticipates that the emi will supervise the technical preparation of the future notes , but the existence or not of a national side to the notes is not a purely technical decision since it comes down to the choice of a completely uniform and thus rigid monetary union rather than a union that is sensitive to certain differences , with flexibility in case of serious crisis . facciata
for these reasons we think that the euro coins should be nickel-free , that the denominations should be of different sizes and that the coins should have room for national designs on one side of the coin . caratterizzazione
it is pleasing that the council has accepted the design of a european and a national side to the new euro coins , which is an expression of the symbolic meaning and essential for popular acceptance . faccia
if you will allow me a comment on the side , mr president of the council : if it is true that secret data from the schengen computer has been sold to organized crime , as the neue zürcher zeitung has reported , that would be an unprecedented scandal and would have to have consequences both in the security system and for the responsible individuals , and i believe that it would be altogether advisable if the president of the council would look into it , even though the union has not been responsible for schengen up to now . margine
the employment summit shows that the european medal has not just one side , the economic , but equally the other side , the social . aspetto
we may lose the common agricultural policy , with its task of solidarity , along the road , for , when some ministers for economic affairs and finance take stock of the debit and credit sides of the community budget , they often mention the common agricultural policy . evocano
the second is the question of mr gaulider , the member of parliament , and i believe that we on the european side cannot emphasize too much that the gaulider question must be solved . gaulider
would you consider it possible either to provide these part-time farmers with special support for agricultural tourism or to support these farmers , who live in a very special situation , from the agricultural side , so that they can commit themselves more strongly here ? riterrebbe
furthermore , the legal situation - looking at gibraltar today - is rather divided , if you take on one side the peñón and on the other the isthmus , because the peñón practically belongs to england according to the treaty of utrecht , whereas in the case of the isthmus there is some dispute about who it belongs to , even if it is now quite clearly under british administration . lato
then , taking into account of what had happened on both sides , i thought that the physical assault was the more serious , and accordingly gave a formal warning . parti
now we are close to an agreement which , unlike the council 's regulations , regulates and establishes standards for catching wild animals on both sides of the atlantic , in other words here in europe too , where we have had nothing so far . coste
we have also voted against paragraph 11 which concerns ' a common information policy ' , since experience so far has shown that the eu 's campaigns are not objective and only express one side of the issue . vista
i regret all the more that the positive responses which we as european parliamentarians tried to give are not really being met with positive reactions from the croatian side . parte
and i would also like to remind everyone that the european community institutions , including this parliament , continued to defend the yugoslav utopia to its dying day , until germany was the only country the have the courage to chose the side of the croatian people . parte
i regret this , for you are biased in criticizing only the government , or rather the governing majority , and are focusing only on one side , while ignoring all the other arguments which have been put forward . aspetto
i must also point out that our delegation made note of the responsibilities of both the government and the democratic party , led by the former president of the country , mr berisa , and that these interventions were considered useful by all sides . parti
we should also consider that applying this method will show up both the strong and the weak sides of the european economy . punti
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , mr desama 's report illustrates the different approach to space travel on either side of the atlantic . qua
however , it was clear that there could be a number of small procedural changes in our rules which would actually help parliament 's side of this work . apportata
this will only be possible if , during the euro 's introductory phase and during the phase when the euro and national currencies are used side by side , it is really possible to check and to understand the cost of goods , services and even charges for public services , both in euros and in the national currency . indicandolo
the commission is under an obligation to study the repercussions and the powerful side effects on the weaker economies , such as in greece for example , but also in other countries outside and inside the euro which are more vulnerable to international speculative pressures . collaterali
and over and above the smoothing out of the current economic problems in which these contrasts are revealed , it will emphasize the tremendous importance assumed by the general framework which must contain long-term efforts for an honourable understanding , from the other side of the atlantic as well . atlantico
individual attempts from both sides to regulate the arms trade will have more chance of success if they are attuned . parti
however , our partner on the other side of the atlantic does not give a good external account of itself , since it is weighed down by a whole host of deeds from the distant and more recent past which demonstrate that it often contravenes international conventions while at the same time seeking and generally obtaining leonine agreements at the expense of less developed countries . oltreoceano
i agree with mr donner that this is perhaps more so from the american side than from the eu side . donner
things are not as simple as in the past , when the fear of danger in the minds of our two peoples welded together the nations on either side of the atlantic . sponde
on both sides of the atlantic these investments are worth 3 million jobs . posti
may i appeal to the rapporteur to put that right in verbal amendments tomorrow when we vote because otherwise the americans might think that it is some form of new-style cohabitation between democrats on the one side of the house of representatives and the congress and republicans on the other side . lato
the relationship is vitally important for both sides but , please , a little less arrogance by ' us europeans ' towards ' those americans ' . parti
as speakers have said , we shall next be dealing with the monetary dialogue , to try to get a new consensus between domestic and international monetary policies on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
i should like to ask that he would at least take the idea back and discuss it with the president of the commission and the council , because i see that as one way of changing some of the misunderstandings on both sides of the atlantic in both legislative bodies . sponde
therefore i believe we must find a balance between simplicity and safety which is more on the side of safety than the proposal which the commission has put forward . aspetto
certain shared minimum standards are certainly justified , but to forbid member states from taking a lead and adopting better rules out of consideration for freedom of movement is a manifestation of the worst side of the eu . peggiori
it is the opinion of my group that the european commission has , in other respects , submitted a proposal which is very acceptable to all sides . consenso
one is that this parliament is fortunate enough to have an excellent rapporteur who combines his professional abilities with the political authority to have been able to prepare this report , with contributions from all sides of the house . forze
in this respect , technological development is only one side of the problem . aspetti
for this reason , we will be working to complement the efforts of the united states to broker talks between both sides and we will be examining how europe can facilitate progress on practical measures , such as the gaza airport and seaport . parti
on this side of the house we are determined that role will be carried out in a very hard-nosed way . banchi
tony blair 's message is that time is on my side , and so talking about my generation , mr cook , i agree with you and you make us reflect on everything this europe of ours needs on its long and winding road , because europe is sick . side
on the social policy side i have another criticism . vorrei
members on all sides of this house and from all countries welcome the referendum , which must be another bouquet i throw at this government that the president-in-office represents . gruppi
i myself have been reassured by the statements of negotiators on both sides who have said that an agreement can be reached by mid-1998 . parti
in order to ensure that these two fields of fishing can continue side by side , it is necessary to promote the export of long line fishing produce . palangaro
there are micro and macro sides to the problems . microscopico
now that there is a realistic political willingness on both sides , it can be reasonably assumed that the remaining differences of opinion will also be ironed out . parti
mr president , the violent death of 45 defenceless people , most of them women and children , in the mexican town of acteal on 22nd of december last , once again presented us with a mexico which is showing its deepest divisions in the state of chiapas , where a rich mexico and a poor , unequal and disadvantaged mexico live uncomfortably side by side . convivono
we must strongly urge both sides to renew their efforts to ensure that the objectives of the san andrés agreements are achieved in full , without any further injuries or loss of life and , to this end , to meet with a will to succeed , come what may . parti
we will also get into difficulties if democratization plays an important part in the arguments with the developing countries , but on the european side parliament is not involved . parte
the areas with important mountain regions - i live in one of them , where areas very close to the sea and predominantly mountainous areas live side by side - are an important part of the reality of this european union . convivono
besides , many of these are cross frontier areas because , if mountain chains have divided such states , on both sides of them there have been areas of coexistence , natural surroundings and population ; in this sense the empowering of cross frontier experience in the mountain regions would be of greater interest . versanti
secondly , i would like to emphasize here that - as we have heard from all sides - it is not just the economy which is crucial . parti
however , i recognize that those members who have expressed the view that the distance here is too great have some right on their side . torto
before decisions are made in favour of one side or the other and measures taken , we should carry out a worldwide survey of the effects on ecosystems of waterways , canals and anything else connected , at the same time assessing their socio-economic and financial effects . elaborare
once more , parliament and the commission find themselves on the same side , sharing the desire to build up community research and to provide it with the necessary resources . parte
there are two sides to this : first , optimizing vehicle technology so that pollutants are reduced ; and second , improving fuel quality so that pollutants are totally eliminated or are reduced , as well as facilitating the introduction of modern engine technology . NULL
madam president , kofi annan 's trip to baghdad gives us a glimpse of rationality and hope : rationality because , in the last few weeks , war has been considered inevitable on almost all sides , in view of saddam hussein 's unacceptable arrogance . parti
on this side of the house , we nurture no sympathy for the baghdad dictator . ala
that does not happen very often , that our two sides are in such agreement , but on what you said about albania i am almost completely in agreement with you . coincidano
as for the european parliament , regardless of any preference we may have for one side or the other , we must continue to support truly democratic procedures in albania , offering our experience and assistance to the extent that we can , to help that country find its european orientation as soon as possible . simpatie
i would like an assurance from the council that the eu commission will actually step aside from the process on this and allow the people to make up their own mind and that it will be in accordance with the constitution of ireland which prohibits the use of public money to promote one side of the argument in a referendum . referendaria
on the positive side we have some abstract economic gains which perhaps amount to a hundredth or a thousandth of a per cent of the gross domestic product . NULL
she did not come down on one side or the other or make any such suggestion . posizione
we hold the view that unlike the sphere of medicines , where possibly the side-effects of a product can be tolerated the sphere of food cannot tolerate any side effects . collaterali
in this crisis , the european union should have acted more coherently and we regret that certain heads of state rushed to the side of the american president to support his plan for military intervention . fianco
i think the natural disasters which unfortunately take place every year in various parts of the european union provide us all with an opportunity , and the european union 's bodies as well , to demonstrate our presence at the side of our citizens who sustain such damage and trials as those brought about by the recent disastrous floods in greece . dimostrarci
the budgetization of the european development fund is a permanent topic in the committee on development and cooperation , and we also know that we have the commission on our side there too . dalla
it is a great tribute to mrs graenitz that she has brought these clear and lucid proposals before parliament at a time when we are reminded of the dark side of food production in the bse tragedy , and also of the high hopes that we had after the treaty of amsterdam was passed , that we would take an entirely new view of our responsibilities for health and safety in the food field . lato
basically , the council has decided that future coins will have one european side and one national side - but nothing of the sort for notes . faccia
that is why the group of independents for a europe of nations thinks the council should accept its responsibilities , make use of the powers it holds pursuant to article 109 l.4 , and decide that euro notes will have a national side . faccia
my own part of the european union , northern ireland , is the only part of the united kingdom which has a land frontier with another member state , and the fluctuation between the pound and the punt has caused extreme difficulties on both sides of the border on many occasions over a long period - sometimes one way and sometimes the other . lati
businesses ' concern to have as much leeway as possible with labelling should not mean that consumer interests are pushed to one side . parte
mr president , there is always one person who is on the other side of the argument and today it seems as if it is going to be me . parte
commissioner , you know better than anyone else , since you deal with the social side of transport as well , that the reports we get from the commission on the driving and rest hours are worse than we expected them to be . aspetto
madam president , unfortunately the commissioner , who is not responsible for transport as such but who is responsible for the social side of transport , has not made any helpful comment on my request that all those member states who did not hand in their statistics on driving and resting hours - which i would say are the complement to the statistics on road transport as such , or which are part and parcel of it - will be improved , especially by those member states who do not hand them in at all . aspetto
but the other side of the coin is that if we were to have another small european programme where too great a proportion is spent on administration assessment and the very people it seeks to help are put off participating by the lack of cost effectiveness in making bids or building networks , many voluntary organizations could not spare the time or resources to prepare those proposals and would simply opt out . NULL
speaking from my position - and i have also found myself on the other side , where things look a little different - the following is important : these accession strategies must help us to avoid the tensions and overcome the divisions which exist in europe in terms of the economy . parte
it requires changes on both sides . parti
however , both sides must play their part in ensuring that the economic and political integration of the countries of eastern europe results in a high level of social and economic benefits for all the countries involved . NULL
firstly , we issued an agreed statement on 2 march condemning unreservedly the use of violence by either side and calling on both sides to resolve the situation through a full and constructive dialogue . invitandole
the tragedy is that recent military activity in kosovo may have served merely to undermine the moderates on both sides and increase support for terrorism . parti
i know that it is not an easy matter since we have no proper contact on the yugoslavian or serbian side . parte
it is also a question of finding the means for effective pressure , to the right extent , to convince both sides not to feed the intensification of the conflict . uni
i am convinced that if someone had stood up from that side of the chamber ... parte
one is in reply to the allegation made by mr pasty that you treat this side of the house differently than you are treating that side of the house . ala
does he agree that , instead , financial assistance to the palestinian authority should be stepped up and that dialogue with a democratically elected government of israel and a democratically elected palestinian authority is the best way to move the middle east peace process forward by emphasizing the good points in the oslo peace process to all sides in this sad conflict ? parti
only the needs of consumers are taken into account and those of businesses , tradesmen and the professions , collective interests which are considered in the list of directives in the annex , are left to one side . tralasciando
but there is an enormous political , cultural , social and economic abyss between the societies on the two sides of the mare nostrum . sponde
it is only by rigorous , free and independent monitoring on all sides in colombia , to which human rights groups provide a courageous and unique contribution , that impunity will be challenged and that a climate of respect for peace and for human rights will be created . colombiana
if there is one thing that makes a game enjoyable it is listening to the fans on both sides cheering their teams on . parti
maybe in a few weeks time we will have the opportunity , mr robles piquer , to discuss your report in a smaller group , with what might be described as the opposition , although it is also our own side . parte
if the common position of the council becomes a reality tomorrow , then the previous tamper-prone tachograph and the new superbox , which still has not been clearly defined and examined for its legal force - the old and the new equipment therefore - will exist for ten years or more side by side . coesisteranno
i have had approaches made from so many sides that i have resorted to the german text as it was submitted in committee . parti
i think it often seems in this house as if state aid just means that one country goes and steals work in some way , but that is only one side of the coin . aspetto
the political consensus which has been reached on both sides is an understandable political choice in the face of the worldwide challenges of the 21st century . parti
the rules of the wto were drawn up with complete disregard for the needs of developing countries , particularly the poorest , and this must be seriously addressed by both sides in the negotiations . parti
such a principle would be correct on this side of the mediterranean but an error beyond it . qua
i would agree with the stress on all sides on support for good governance and human rights as a precondition for eradicating poverty . NULL
continuity of contacts and regular mutual visits , which create mutual trust , are particularly important , even if the contacts on the russian side are continually changing . parti
neither side needs to discuss that . parti
batom mitee continues to be refused visits from his family or any medical care and yet he is paralysed on his left side , cannot stand or eat unaided and has lived in the same soiled clothing for over three months . sinistra
if it is so technical for members on the other side not to have been able to understand what is going on , why were some 20 amendments actually moved by members from the other side of the house ? lato
so i say to members on the other side of the house , we have had every opportunity to debate this issue , yes it is complicated , yes it is technical , but let us not abrogate our responsibilities . lato
i therefore think that the debates from time to time about lack of transparency , and the concerns expressed by one side or the other , are unnecessary and should cease as soon as possible , since the other extreme , that of complete openness , would make it impossible for the central bank to do its work . parte
on both sides of the atlantic , in the two best known examples , experience has shown the practical advantages of an independent monetary authority for guaranteeing price stability . esempi
in my role as rapporteur for the committee on budgets i have , for the moment , decided not to recommend the freeing up of the funds put to one side by parliament . riserva
one thing is for certain : things can be improved on our side . parte
on the negative side : the return of the refugees is still faltering . aspetti
that timetable , which would culminate in a parliamentary vote at the beginning of the next plenary , would allow us to have time for discussions with the council and with the budgets committee so that we could honour our side of the bargain by releasing the ecu 30 million that could be immediately spent in bosnia . stanziando
for our financial help to flow and reconstruction really to start , we need an instrument other than the phare programme , which , for its implementation on the recipients ' side , assumes structures which do not yet exist and will not exist for a long time . parte
i note the difference of opinion on both sides of the house as far as this particular recommendation is concerned . ali
second , it is very difficult to identify beforehand what disasters may occur but my colleague , emma bonino , and echo deserve our sympathy because they always manage to respond very quickly and effectively in order to mitigate as much as possible all the disasters that have occurred , at least on the humanitarian side . vista
educating junior political leadership , public sector officials , judges and all those connected with the media , including journalists of course , is necessary , because freedom of expression is threatened from various sides . parti
however , the monetary side of the union is today a great deal more structured than the economic side . polo
it is immeasurably better to speak plainly from one side or the other instead of developing wishy-washy formulations which nobody can understand ! parte
and meanwhile , as we have heard from all sides of the house - because i believe our position in this respect is unanimous - the internal market benefits , above all the criminals , even though this is a macabre irony . scranni
i do not believe any of the studies from either side because none of them has been carried out by an independent assessor . parti
i really think it is irresponsible of the eu to push something through without a proper study being carried out and , as mr miller said , any studies done to date have been by vested interests on both sides . parti
many of those on both sides of the argument are possibly flawed but they have indicated at various times a potential loss of something between 112 000 and 147 000 jobs in the eu , with 90 % of those job losses in a period of two years of the abolition of intra-community duty-free with major impacts on employment in spain , france and the united kingdom . NULL
what is happening here is that we have looked at all sides of it and we have come down , on balance , in favour of employment . aspetti
it will be particularly difficult for both sides to maintain a balance between this transition period and accession to the european union . adesione
we need to recognize the positive side as well from time to time , not always take a sledge-hammer to the americans . aspetti
the process would not be unbiased anyway , because a large number of areas referred to in the project fall within eu competence on this side of the atlantic , whereas in the united states , they are the responsibility of the federal states . sponda
thanks to the european peace and reconciliation money we now have a community centre there where both sides of the divide go and we are beginning to rebuild after that hurt . parti
the fact that his colleague the commissioner for regional policy with major responsibility for northern ireland , monica wulf-mathies , has come to our streets many times and has gone to the areas of highest unemployment and has brought together people from both sides on their common ground - economic regeneration - has been a very important factor in the healing process that we believe is now under way . parti
it is clearly for parliament to draw up the practical application of this procedure but , from our side , no filter - as you have called it - will oppose requests for referral made by parliament . parte
in fact , the emphasis of the last few days risks leading us to forget that , in displaying a great deal of energy and ability , each state will have to be able to adapt its system of development to the single currency and to forget about the need to inform both the economic sectors most involved and , on the other side , the weakest categories of the real opportunities and risks of the euro . opposto
i would like to err on the side of caution . eccesso
madam president , i would particularly like to thank the commissioner and all those colleagues who took part in this difficult debate on a very difficult issue , which has occupied those of us on the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights - you yourself are aware of this as you are a member of that committee - for many months , with many opposing views and many sides who , in fact , maintained their views right up to the present . parti
mr president , in relation to the amendments , quite naturally i would support the thrust of the amendments which is the active decommissioning of all weapons held by terrorists on both sides of the divide . parti
for the first time this century , thanks to a democracy which is not much more than twenty years old and a deep desire to be a genuine part of europe , portugal is in the vanguard , side by side with the most forward-looking countries and nations of our continent . fianco
we voted on the losing side against the maastricht treaty in the assembly of the republic . sconfitti
if anything , the opposite is true , for we will see that making the economic and financial sphere autonomous , exempting it from all collective and democratic regulation , tends to relegate the political side of things to the sidelines . svincolandola
it would not be useful because it would lead to a clash with the council , which has current international law on its side and the clarity of the present legal structure , which would be compromised by the requested modifications . vigore
while i welcome the debate - i welcome both sides of the debate taking place in this house - i say to the greens that i am very disappointed at the type of amendments they have put down in the house supporting the regulation and free distribution of drugs . parti
i have heard sophistry from various sides of the house questioning the legal basis which is to my mind just a diversionary tactic , questioning the tobacco subsidy in greece , etc . sofismi
much of the lobbying from both sides has been misleading and even , in some cases , dishonest . parti
there seem to be two different sides in this parliament . spaccato
i am convinced that we must review existing laws to do justice to both sides of the argument , namely protecting the consumer while at the same time safeguarding the competitiveness of our industry . rivista
i would also like to say thank you for the resources the commission contributed towards making the study ; it shows that the costs for this tunnel between two countries are less than the costs for communications on land on the swedish side and also on the danish side as regards the link by bridge between malmö and copenhagen .  
on the economic side , the rules on public-sector buying should be emphasized , because this is an area of interest to both parties , and may be especially interesting to european entrepreneurs , with good opportunities in a market which we hope will expand accordingly . settore
i would ask you to leave these arguments to one side and to vote together for a good , sensible executive board . direttorio
the positive side to all this is that we have initiated intensive talks with the central bank and you can be sure we will be thorough when we discuss financial and employment policies . risvolto
this return is beginning under favourable auspices : first of all the resumption of the med programmes , and therefore a regained confidence in the possibility of once again giving civil society the necessary strength to link the two sides of the mediterranean and providing it with the adequate funds . sponde
if the union 's common foreign policy is still not up to such tasks , perhaps the future euro-mediterranean forum will be of help in keeping the channels of dialogue open between all sides . parti
neither side seems prepared to provide an excuse to drop the oslo process officially . uni
mr president , as i have already done on other occasions , i recommend that you also look towards the right side of the house , where often we have to wave our arms about to obtain the floor . destra
it is now the case that the level of distrust between the two sides is such that for any process of dialogue to stand a realistic chance of succeeding , some form of international facilitation is clearly essential . parti
the united nations humanitarian aid programme under security council resolution 1153 will not come into force until the government of iraq has submitted a distribution plan to the un and that plan has been agreed by both sides . parti
this meeting has been made possible by the sustained pressure from the eu , the contact group and others in the international community on both sides over the last two months for a meaningful dialogue to begin . parti
we now look to both sides to make full use of this opportunity for constructive political dialogue , particularly to the authorities in belgrade , given their primary responsibility as a government to seek a negotiated solution . ' parti
i wonder if it would not be advantageous to allow these systems to exist side by side . coesistere
yet whenever these matters are mentioned , we also talk about two essential sides to the question : the community decision making process and the informing of community institutions , particularly the european parliament , as regards open questions . aspetti
so is this formula the right one because the other side does not wish to agree with us ? parte
madam president , if the opposite side and other members in this house wish to bleat like sheep and act like sheep when someone tells them what to do , and then they follow blindly , how can their electorate expect them to represent them ? desiderano
the hope attached to the nairobi talks resides in the fact that a compromise may be possible this time due simply to the respective weaknesses of both sides in the conflict , for at the fruitless peace talks held six months ago the same peace plan , more or less , was on the table . parti
other candidates ' names are also on the death lists , and this includes people on both sides . altra
the railways will in future be allowed to compete side by side with airlines , and consumers will be able to make a much clearer choice between trains and planes . gomito
madam president , commissioner and those ladies and gentlemen who have remained patiently with us , mr graefe zu baringdorf has already said something about the decision making side of things . perseverate
let us deal with a quite minor side issue which came about only as a result of this situation . aspetto
the socialist group recognizes the tremendous efforts made by the british foreign secretary and the british prime minister to restart that process and to carry out the conclusions of luxembourg , particularly in drawing to the attention of the israeli government the lack of wisdom in proceeding with these settlements and of the need to develop economic strategy on the palestinian side . parte
there is a chasm between us which it would be important for europe and for turkey to bridge but we cannot build that bridge simply from one side of the divide . unilateralmente
turkey must also assist us by being willing to build a part of the bridge from their side of the divide as well . parte
but there is also another side to our dialogue with belgrade and that is our repeated willingness to end those measures and to offer to the federal republic the same embrace within the european union we have offered to many of the other countries of the region . aspetto
it is important that while we put maximum pressure on president milosevic , we also make it clear to those who would wish an alternative form of politics that we are on their side and there will be a welcome for them if they can succeed in the internal political debates within serbia . parte
we now have the basis on which both sides of the atlantic can achieve a common position against iran rather than iran becoming a basis of division between the two powers on the different sides of the atlantic . sponde
we believe they will fuel regional tensions and we believe also that it would be far better for the security of india and the other countries of the subcontinent if we could find a solution to kashmir which would be much more productive for an easing of tensions within the subcontinent than any amount of nuclear tests by either side . parti
chief negotiators on both sides believe that a deal which is fair and beneficial to both sides is within reach . parti
efforts will be needed on both sides to show flexibility . parti
both sides will need to look again at areas such as increased coverage of overall trade in order to reach a wto-compatible agreement . NULL
any agreement will also have to meet the concerns of both sides about their offensive economic interests , for example in the agricultural and industrial sectors . parti
i would like to reiterate my belief that with hard work and good will on both sides a satisfactory result to the trade negotiations can be achieved . parti
on the south african side , we also understand that there is a wish to conclude the agreement with the eu before the start of the electoral campaign for the country 's next general elections that are due to take place in the first half of 1999 . parte
both offers therefore represent a significant step towards improved market access , but they are not attractive enough to the other side , and they may not be sufficient to secure the wto compatibility of the agreement . parte
the time has come for both sides to increase the coverage of their respective trade offers . parti
we know it is not an easy step to make , because it touches on sensitive sectors and interests on both sides . parti
tariff elimination on the european union side will in principle be quicker and achieved within 10 years . parte
if we can move towards additional trade concessions , we would secure deeper improvements in market access and , at the same time , a significant element of differentiation that would take account of the differences of development between the two sides . parti
however , in the light of the south african negotiating team 's willingness now to put forward a new - and significantly improved - offer of possibly 85 % product coverage , does the council anticipate that there will be commensurate adjustments coming from the commission in the negotiations on our side ? parte
i am not convinced yet that the proposals from the european side are going to replace that dependency which they have been landed with . parte
i would echo the sentiments from all sides in the house for generosity and i am very encouraged by the unanimity with which this is being approached . aggiungermi
the starting point is that there needs to be more flexibility on all sides if negotiations are to proceed more swiftly to a conclusion . parti
- madam president , i think we are all agreed that the moment of truth is at hand for both sides , and within the european union this means the commission , the council and parliament . parti
i must say , the clock was on your side because it only started counting some way into your speech . parte
in weighing up the one factor against the other , we have come down on the side of supporting the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection in its rejection of the motion , even though we do not endorse a hypocritical majority in the house who would like to hit the earning potential of native populations while failing to see the beam in their own eyes ( to put it mildly ) . rigetto
mr president , i wonder if commissioner fischler has considered the fact that the cunha report is supported on all sides of the house and by all political groups and that , in contrast , intense criticism has been expressed regarding agenda 2000 and the regulations for a policy on agriculture . cunha
it is not often that i can agree with the opposite side of the house but on this particular occasion i happen to agree with mr hallam 's position .  
the justice gap can only be closed on the income side and not on the expenditure side . versante
having examined and studied all its aspects , particularly its budgetary implications , the budgetary committee essentially agrees to the proposals on the legal side of the matter ; however , particularly bearing in mind the resulting implications for its own producers and for traditional acp producers , the budgetary committee has drawn up a series of amendments to the law - which it hopes may be included in the report by the committee on agriculture and rural development - the purpose of which is , by means of an annual report by the committee , to control and keep aspetti
unfortunately i cannot predict when there will be concrete results , because as i have just indicated , there is still some hesitation from the side of america , as well as in south-east asia , where there is a great deal of resistance . titubanti
unfortunately , it was not possible to achieve a consensus on this with the conservative side of the house . conservatori
we can only get the council on our side if parliament and commission act jointly on this issue . agiranno
without a comprehensive round , there is a risk of certain sectors and legitimate areas for future work being left to one side . parte
the sides must show courage and vision in the search for peace , based on the principles agreed at madrid and oslo , especially the essential principle of land for peace enshrined in the united nations security council resolutions 242 and 338 . parti
the european union has intensified its efforts to help the sides overcome this stalemate by playing an increasingly substantive role in the peace process . parti
the latest violent incidents and israel 's recent initiatives , again involving the question of settlements , illustrate how volatile the situation is and how urgent it is for all sides to accept the us proposal , which in itself is a minimum proposal with regard to israeli redeployment in the west bank . parti
the increased radicalism on all sides , both in israel and amongst the palestinians , might sometimes even tempt us to express ourselves in radical terms as well . radicalismo
it is a good thing that israel 's policy on colonization is being changed , given the frustration of economic development , and that it is being replaced by confidence-building behaviour which leaves room for the construction of a civil society on both sides and for person-to-person meetings in order to promote peace in the region . parti
i believe that in view of this impasse the extremist and intransigent fringes on both sides will inevitably grow and propose military solutions . frange
extremists on both sides are opposed to the renewal of serious negotiations . risma
when an agreement falls apart , when an accord disintegrates , no one side alone is responsible . parte
there is little time left before the palestinian side issues a unilateral declaration of independence , according to the timetable of the oslo accords , and this dictates a political horizon to all the forces that are pro-peace . parte
i believe that the european parliament can certainly help improve the mutual understanding between the israelis and palestinians ; not by means of dictates , resolutions or threats , but by supporting so-called people-to-people projects , and especially by making a contribution to the dialogue between the people from both sides . parti
there is radicalization that can be seen now on both sides - israeli and palestinian - and this is making it extremely difficult for those who still believe that peace is the only instrument , the only basis , the only sure way for effectively bringing about development , and therefore cooperation , between israel and the palestinians . schieramenti
we need to resolve the blockage that we have and the hardening of positions that seem to be adopted on both sides . parti
it has been clear in the debate that this view is supported on many sides of this house . gruppi
the result is that this political anticipation which underlies the aid is perceived , especially in israel , as unilateral encouragement of one side rather than both . parti
it is all the more worrying since , although there exists in israel a group in favour of peace and co-existence , one wonders if a similar group for peace and jewish-arab co-existence also exists on the palestinian side . parte
franco-german reconciliation worked because there were people in favour of peace on both sides , in both countries . parti
it would be desirable for european union aid to place greater emphasis on the establishment of parties for peace on both sides of the dividing line . parti
mr president , even if the other side of the house does have a relative majority for recital a , in this case a qualified majority is required . ala
i should also like to point out that we discussed this matter long and hard in the committee on research , technical development and energy , and that we have always said quite openly - on this side of the house at least - that we need to find a route towards renewable energies , and this lays the foundations for it . ala
some of the commitments on the humanitarian side represent a step forward , provided they are implemented . profilo
on the basis of these two principles , boundaries can clearly established by the international community and the two sides can be reconciled . parti
the arguments which have been developed in the direction of the right to self-determination for nations , or in the direction of " we must leave everything to the negotiations ' , are dangerous and not at all convincing . they create the impression towards both sides that almost everything is possible , and that no matter what happens or what solutions are aimed for , we will always be behind the albanians . parti
does the president-in-office share my opinion that of all the arab countries tunisia is the most democratic - relatively speaking , of course - and that since it is wedged between algeria on the one side and libya on the other , we should take a special view of the situation of a country which is , furthermore , very much threatened by islamic extremism and by other extremist movements ? lato
it is a fact that the single currency , the euro , amongst all its positive effects , will also have a politically positive side effect in that it will stimulate extra activity in the overall policymaking of the european union . piano
in economic terms we need an open , competitive europe that has macro-economic stability and dynamism and innovation in its supply side . dinamismo
on our side of the house , we support enlargement to ensure peace and stability on our wider continent . settore
firstly , i want to reinforce those comments about the way in which your first failure as president of the european union was to side automatically with mr clinton , without even consulting the european union , on the question of the threat from baghdad and the threat to bomb baghdad . schierato
we are still waiting for india to make a gesture which will stop this problem becoming an international issue and to offer reassurance to the 30 000 people living in permanent terror on either side of the frontier . lati
we must put a stop to the furious arms race - generated mainly by intense nationalist fervour on both sides - which will inevitably lead to escalation and regional and international instability . parti
and when one country in the indian subcontinent successfully conducts nuclear tests and develops arms , then the other country is of course compelled to do the same , as there is no guarantee that they are protected from nuclear attacks by the other side . controparte
i call on both sides - the ethiopians and the eritreans - to pull back from the brink of what would be an enormous tragedy and to go forward with mediation . parti
the recent separation of the two currencies has created a major disruption to trade and this has led to soaring prices on both sides of the border as commodities that used to be traded between the two countries are now in short supply . entrambe
madam president , a conflict has lasted ten days and nobody knows how many deaths have occurred on either side . parti
on the one side , there are those who believe that complying with the common trade policy in this sector is a priority and , on the other side , there are those - whose representatives i have met - who wish to boost the importance of domestic policies in market matters . lato
the environment and public health side of urban issues seems to be submerged in the debate about economic urban regeneration and spatial development . parte
we are discussing a regional matter here , as presented in two reports which i think are two sides of the same problem : the one on planning and the european spatial development perspective and the other , mrs napoletano 's report , on urban policy for the european union . aspetti
nevertheless , these procedures assume a minimum of responsibility on both sides , which i believe the council has not fulfilled . reciproca
up until now the environmental protection of agriculture and associated activities has been dealt with through agreements between the member state and the european union , and both sides have contributed to the costs . parti
the matter has not been thought through from all sides thanks to a bullheaded commission and a toothless ecofin . aspetti
a computer cannot tell who is sitting on the other side of the screen and it is not limited to certain times . seduto
however , as we all know , it also has a very dark and unpleasant side . sinistro
the problem with the internet 's dark side is that it is global and does not recognize any borders . NULL
although the subject of this report is transnational trade union rights in the european union , i maintain that certain lines of argument within it can , by analogy , be applied to the other side of the social dialogue . controparte
we want this sector no longer to be regarded with mistrust by the authorities or by certain sides of industry which consider themselves to be removed from everyone else . parti
the same applies to the employers ' side . datori
the only thing that can lead to a long-term increase in prosperity both in the member states of the european union and in developing countries is a broad opening up of markets on both sides . reciproca
i therefore appeal to this house to make a wise decision tomorrow regarding this issue , to support serious proposals and to conclude by recommending to the council of ministers a convention on third-country nationals which does not allow the burden on our states to grow incessantly and which is thus , in my opinion , much more in the interests of third-country nationals than the proposals made by the left side of this house in the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs , and again here in this part-session . sinistra
based on that distinction , i believe that dialogue with european muslims should be above any potential intransigence or intolerance from one side or another . intransigenze
the sectoral framework agreement that the two sides of industry are already in the process of negotiating will be welcome ; it is needed to bring renewed and greater hopes of improvement in the employment situation , by concentrating our efforts in the areas of promotion , professional training , competitiveness and quality . NULL
we endorse the code of conduct signed by the two sides of the industry in europe and the idea of introducing a certificate of quality to be awarded to textile products produced in socially acceptable conditions , so as to prevent social dumping . parti
we have to provide training not only for the technical staff but also for those on the managerial side . tipo
on the positive side , it should be pointed out that even in a world of fierce competition from countries with much cheaper labour , europe has continued to maintain a strong position . aspetti
i believe that there are two sides to the matter of dialogue on coordination : firstly , coordination between economic policy and monetary policy and , secondly , between individual aspects of economic policy . aspetto
that is how it was in the european union when we intervened in the traditional set-up whereby national government contracts were placed nationally : we discovered after a time that the intervention had unintended side effects . collaterali
i have therefore put forward a compromise amendment in the name of my group which should give satisfaction to both sides - both those who think that transnational lists are important because they are more european , and those who say you do not need a system like that , and that even federal-type systems do not normally have federal level lists . parti
both sides can be satisfied if my amendment is adopted because it says that parliament will ' examine ' a proposal for such a system in time for the 2009 elections but would not make it legally obligatory now by inserting it as a requirement in the act . tesi
the very fact that we have reached this point means that both sides have had to compromise . parti
this house , the europeans ' parliament , the european parliament , by taking part in the appointment of the executive board of the european central bank and by holding hearings whose value has been acknowledged on all sides , has exercised a significant democratic control function . nomine
i am also asking for interinstitutional problems to be put slightly to one side here , particularly with a view to unblocking funding for 1998 , as hundreds of ngos are of course highly anxious about the outcome . parte
small countries have only legal stability and the treaty on their side . alleati
i am very glad about all the efforts , especially through the talks with russia , to bring the united nations onto our side or to bring them to the stage of approving the appropriate intervention should it prove necessary , which i hope it never does . parte
secondly , it is very desirable for the un 's security council to agree to military measures from the side of the democracies if there is no other way milosevic can be persuaded to do the right thing . ricondotto
finally , it is essential that hostilities cease so that pressure can be exerted on both sides in the conflict , and that military measures be used only as a last resort . parte
mr president , road transport of cattle has long been a thorn in the side of many people and the main cause of this is the offence caused by the shocking pictures which all of us have seen of the transport of animals over what are certainly large distances . fianco
it is true that the president has a certain amount of discretion in granting the floor if there are a lot of questions from one side of the hemicycle or the other . parti
it was always parliament 's line that , with all restraint regarding closer cooperation , it should be possible to go over to that side as a last resort , to actually be able to carry out differentiated integration of this kind by means of a veto . ignorando
it is then very strange , of course , when you hear from that side of the house that we are responsible for delaying this matter . ala
i always find it so striking that it is only in this context that one hears from the other side of the house about family politics . ala
he gave a good response but it is not clear to me what the commission 's view is concerning the main point of difference between the two sides of the house . parti
and thus , in a europe in which not only employment but also the progressive and inevitable inclusion of the environment in the european union 's policies is a constant challenge , employment and the environment have become two sides of a single coin , a counterpoint to a now-outworn development model , based on price-investment ratios involving the excessive exploitation of natural resources . facce
being familiar with the country ( we were there not long ago ) , since the outbreak of the war which has been dragging on since 7 june , we are on the side of those who have unequivocally supported a political solution to end the war , and most of all to end the suffering of a people . negoziata
this plea goes out to both sides , and i very much hope that the resolution will be passed unanimously in this form . parti
if this preliminary phase does not give satisfactory results for the two sides , our commitment on cooperation could be put into jeopardy . parti
any expression of eu concern should therefore address both sides in the conflict . parti
a clear message was given to the vietnamese government by the head of delegation in hanoi at the consultative group 's mid-term review in hue on 15 and 16 june , when it was stated that the eu considers the good governance exercise with vietnam to be an important element in giving a political dimension to relations between the two sides . parti
mr president , i do not think there can be any need for me to say how strongly i respect the feelings and views expressed in this debate by so many members from all sides of the house . lato
all that the commission can do in its contacts with the swiss side is to express the view that it would seem to me to be very much in the swiss interest to do the utmost to settle the issue in a satisfactory manner and , indeed , in a way that would satisfy those who have spoken in this house . parte
i think it is important for the european parliament to get things moving on the content side . punto
madam president , firstly may i add my congratulations for the rapporteur , mr leoluca orlando , because he has produced a very good piece of work - as everyone acknowledges - and has highlighted - as has also previously been mentioned - the need to go ahead with a form of european construction that covers all necessary dimensions , that is to say , one which places emphasis not only on the economic side but also , and more particularly , on the social and legal side and the financial aspects , which are also important . aggiungermi
when we agreed the new transatlantic agenda barely three years ago , both sides were already of the opinion that a comprehensive framework would be needed to promote cooperation between us in many areas . parti
the bonds and the common values which unite our citizens and governments on both sides of the atlantic are much stronger than any passing differences . altra
we welcome all the efforts which have been made on your side in this area , in which many members of the european parliament have been particularly active : mr donnelly , mr elles , mrs mann and mr brok , to mention but a few . parte
during this period , the european side has worked intensively and with commitment to get the transatlantic economic partnership off the ground . parte
i am certain that the american side is likewise trying to play its part . parte
unilateral sanctions , as the helms-burton , d 'amato and ilsa cases have made clear , have not exactly shown the best side of american economic policy and have raised the question time and again of whether economic policy is not being confused with foreign policy here . iran
encouraging public support on both sides of the atlantic is very important in transatlantic relations , and the ' people to people ' aspect is a significant factor here . NULL
that is why i can only repeat my request to you - and your colleagues , the finance ministers - to please ensure that sufficient pressure is exerted on your side , so that we reach an agreement on the budget allocation of the fifth framework programme for research for the next five years in good time , before the first reading of the 1999 budget , or at the latest before the second reading . oltre
now and then i , at least , could not help identifying with our opposing side , that is to say the council . opposta
i found it humiliating to be facing a council of 15 ambassadors , with just four , five or six people on parliament 's side . vergognato
i also stressed the support from the applicant countries in eastern and central europe , which i consider crucial and which may also help strengthen our position in the impending negotiations , for i share the view expressed by many that we should of course do what we can to bring the americans on side . parte
they are in fact two sides of the same question , if we really want to establish sustainable development . facce
we hope that strategic environmental assessment is not pushed to one side , and we would like to appeal to those member states like germany ... dirottata
but it is the same as with every coin , which has its other side . rovescio
that does not mean that the other side cannot be dynamic . medaglia
community competence relates solely to defining , and possibly modifying , the technical characteristics and the european side of the coins . faccia
we actually thought at the time of the modus vivendi that the situation had been put to one side and at the next revision of the treaty the people who are to blame failed to come up with a proposal that put this matter to bed in spite of giving an assurance , at the time of the modus vivendi , that this was the only technical way of bridging the gap until the matter could be resolved . accantonata
how can we talk of peace when , in 1995 in rome , in the heart of the city of popes and caesars , the largest mosque in europe was inaugurated ? how better to deride our god while his priests are being savagely murdered on the other side of the mediterranean ? sponda
kosovo and the balkans are a thorn in our side . fianco
a start has been made on many of these programmes , but the fact is and remains that on the russian side their transposition into new legislation , checks on implementation or actual programmes which actually convert the reforms into real deeds , real practice , has been only fragmentary . parte
on the other hand , the council and commission are to cooperate closely in formulating the proposals that we can present to the russian side at the forthcoming meeting . controparte
both sides should continue to conduct their relations on the basis of cooperation , partnership and of a dialogue between equals . controparti
the voting behaviour of the conservative side demonstrated a lack of any desire to create a level playing field for third country citizens legally resident within the union . fazioni
unfortunately , however , that is not possible , because both sides are protagonists of the worldwide capitalist system and the attack it has mounted against working people , and seen in that light , the agreement being promoted supplements the mechanisms which serve their aims and ambitions . controparti
the 800th anniversary of the death of the visionary and philosopher averroës would be an excellent chance to review links between the european union , islam and its muslims , a subject often viewed with suspicion and incomprehension by both sides . ottocentesimo
what we are discussing today is not the question of turkish membership but the consolidation of the achievements of the customs union and the implementation of the accompanying policies that have not yet been put into effect ; these things need to be done in a spirit of partnership and equality between the two sides . parti
it is therefore particularly gratifying that , in its memorandum of 23 july 1998 , the turkish government responds to the proposals of the commission and parliament , abandons the path of confrontation with the european union and returns to the step-by-step approach as formulated in cardiff by our side , by the european council . parte
we are also gratified to note that the turkish side is favourably disposed to our proposals on the opening-up of the market in services and calls for a relatively high consistent level of integration in the framework of the association agreement . controparte
the flexibility of the turkish side on freedom of movement for turkish workers in the european union must also be welcomed . parte
turkey herself reacted positively to this document and the two sides will shortly be consulting on a programme and timetable for implementation of this strategy . parti
i well recall hearing a majority view during the debate here in the european parliament that this customs union ought to benefit to both sides . parti
these figures show that neither side can achieve a military victory in this conflict . parti
that is a fact that the eu presidency is constantly trying to impress on both sides . controparti
but since both sides still seem to believe in a military solution , these endeavours have not so far proved successful . parti
each side has appointed a negotiating team , most recently kosovo on 13 august this year . parti
each side must have the right , at least at the beginning , to set out all its major demands . parte
with each side constantly accusing the other of appalling war crimes , of mass shootings and even humanitarian crimes against women and children , the eu presidency has mounted an initiative to send a team of experienced international forensic medical experts to kosovo . fucilazioni
i wonder whether it would be possible to step in with a policy of stabilisation , deploying troops along the kosovo border , putting on pressure and , above all , achieving stabilisation in albania , where the wrongs and rights are not so clear-cut - although berisha has wrong on his side , so too does the nano government . torti
we must not come out on one side or the other . parte
mr president , mr dupuis , when signing the partnership and cooperation agreement with georgia on 22 april 1996 , the eu stressed the common values it shares with georgia and recognised that both sides wished to strengthen existing links and widen established relations . parti
the question being asked about cross-border zones is : how can economic operators be on an equal footing on opposite sides of the border and yet not commit vat fraud ? situati
in implementing these objectives , i am particularly concerned - and this is an idea that we have incorporated in the report - that successful participation is guaranteed , calling for competent management and a well-prepared administration on both sides . parti
rather , we will be endeavouring to produce a win-win situation from which both sides should benefit . parti
i especially welcome the fact that a few gentlemen are present , particularly on our side of the house , and indeed more here than on the side which in general appears to be so sensitive to these kinds of issues . lato
this is an unusual approach , where the gender aspect means that both sides , men and women , have responsibility . parti
of special concern at the moment is the possibility of sudanese forces intervening in the democratic republic of congo , on the government side , which would probably lead to an escalation of the conflict involving sudan 's own neighbours . lato
one would be the consolidation of the current spheres of interest on both sides , albeit with a continuation of the war between the congolese army ( and its allies ) and the rebel militia ( and their allies ) . this might just , in the medium term , lead to a solution , with a gradual retreat by the other countries in the region and an internalisation of the conflict to involve only congolese forces . parti
there have been reports of violations of human rights by both sides in the conflict , and the authorities on both sides are using ethnic confrontation as a means of uniting the population around their political or military platforms . parti
however , i should like to say that it is extremely difficult for organisations providing humanitarian aid to gain access since security conditions are virtually nonexistent , and therefore we are trying to negotiate a code of conduct with the authorities on both sides to see whether it is possible for humanitarian action to take place with at least minimum guarantees for those involved . parti
yet neither can we approve of military intervention - regardless of which side it comes from - rather than efforts to choose the path of peace and to urge neighbouring countries to seek a peaceful solution to the conflict , while upholding the principles of democracy . parte
it is true that colonisation did have its darker side , but the fact remains that , even if we contest the borders which the colonial powers established , we still have to admit that they often brought an end to wars that pitted african nations one against the other . scontravano
finally i should like to say , with regard to the democratic republic of congo , that a number of promises were made after mr kabila came to power , in particular by our partners on the other side of the atlantic . oltreoceano
in this situation , it is important that we make it very clear that the european union will not under any circumstances recognise border changes which are brought about by means of violence , regardless of which side this comes from , as this is obviously one of the fundamental causes of the dispute between the opposition and the government in albania . parte
we should make it very clear to all sides that the european union will never recognise border changes brought about by violence . alterati
it is simply wrong and hypocritical to place all the blame on one side , as certain people are trying to do here . parte
the only way of protecting forests is by cleaning them up , the only way of protecting forests is by building roads and paths which block fires and prevent them from crossing from one side to the other . lato
the person in seat number 85 has taken a number of photographs of this side of the chamber today . parte
mr seppänen regularly takes photos of this side of the chamber . parte
madam president , i have made a personal statement on behalf of this side of the chamber . parte
in this report , mr provan has underlined an important point of strategy which too often seems to be lacking from commission thinking , that point being the need to get the fishermen themselves on side . aspetto
we have become leaders in this field , primarily through our technological development , but also through the way in which we have monitored and promoted this development on the political side . vista
on the expenditure side , about 44 % of payments have been made in ecu and just under 56 % in national currencies , while the vast majority of the eu membership contributions are paid in national currencies . spese
this quite farcical situation at least has the merit of showing that the ecb is primarily concerned with the repressive side of its action . aspetto
mr president , as we will shortly be reaching the end of this debate , i would like to put all conflicting points to one side so that we can come to some agreements . conflittuali
the court of auditors ' report dealt with the organisational side of uclaf . uclaf
improvements in road and rail networks on the other side of the old iron curtain directly benefit the countries concerned , but all of us will gain from the improved situation . lato
as far as turkey is concerned , i should like to point out that the council presidency is still endeavouring to establish the association council with turkey , and of course here too , talks are being held with both sides , but as yet we have not achieved a breakthrough . parti
i do not know whether the european union is aware that this course of action will inevitably mean that nato , and on the civilian side the european union , will have to maintain a presence there for some considerable time . settore
mr president , madam president-in-office , ladies and gentlemen , if the situation were not so tragic , the situation in kosovo not so dreadful , then people would actually see an amusing side to the debate we are having in the plenary today . divertente
for instance , the solidarity objective is currently pursued by the expenditure side of the union budget . perseguito
firstly , the source of budgetary imbalances is to be found on the expenditure side of the budget , as was recognised at fontainebleau . spese
secondly , it would be possible to make a correction on the expenditure side . spese
but if , as i have just said , the cause for these imbalances is not on the revenue side , then it must inevitably be on the expenditure side . entrate
a balance must be achieved , both from the revenue side and from the expenditure side . entrate
this proposal attacks the nub of the problem , because it takes the expenditure side of the budget as its starting-point . parte
only on that basis will it be possible to have an honest discussion about the expenditure side , namely agenda 2000 . spese
that is one side , and that is clear . punto
if we can alter our mind-set in this way , we shall give hope for the future not only to citizens from the other side of the mediterranean , but also to our own fellow citizens . parte
that is the usefulness of this report on the political side . vista
the turkish side answers with the same argument , that it is the last advance against the pkk . parte
however , although there were no problems , there was a ' minor agreement ' that ended up being left to one side for a long time , and this is really not an acceptable state of affairs . parte
my group unanimously nominated both men for the nobel prize , and i am glad that it was awarded as a double prize , so that the idea highlighted would be that of peace and not the cause of one side or the other . parti
my group has also had the opportunity to meet david trimble on a few occasions and have only words of praise for the protestant side in the peace settlement . protestanti
i think that mr trimble has made a very impressive contribution to the peace process . i therefore feel that the nobel prize committee is fully justified in awarding the prize equally to both sides in the conflict . parti
freight transport in particular needs to move freely - which is why so much effort is going into the tens project and expanding transport infrastructure on the other side of the old iron curtain . lato
this must be the spirit behind the debate on subsidiarity : in my opinion , subsidiarity and solidarity are two sides of the same coin , two sides that cannot be separated if we truly want to build a europe that is closer to its people . facce
but first , of course , the violence really must come to a halt , in other words both sides must declare and fully observe a cease-fire , even if only informally for the time being . parti
only when these two conditions have been satisfied can we hope to achieve the third priority , the start of meaningful negotiations between the two sides . parti
in view of the repeated accusations - by both sides , in fact - of serious war crimes , from mass shootings to humanitarian crimes against women and children , the presidency had been calling for months for a team of experienced international forensic experts to be sent out to kosovo to investigate these serious accusations . parti
clearly we are all concerned to ensure that the message that goes out of this chamber is that the cease-fire has to apply to all sides in kosovo . parti
so we must make clear that all sides must abide by the cease-fire . parti
it is a very welcome development , even if it is only temporary , to stop the bloodshed and the violence , even if the agreement is sometimes violated by irresponsible and fanatical elements on both sides . fazione
an agreement of this type needs to be sincere and to look towards peaceful , political solutions which are fair and even-handed to all sides . parti
we reject provocation from either side . parte
the third point i want to stress is that there are certainly forces which want to undermine the package agreed upon , on both sides , as we saw with the murder of a number of serbs a few days ago . altra
that is why the international community , everyone involved in this process , must look in both directions and not just at one side . fazioni
mr president , dear colleagues , commissioner bangemann , it matters little that the fundamentals of the real economy are sound , as you said at the beginning of your speech , because in a monetary economy , a market economy , the disease always comes from the money side . moneta
it is the money side that we have to somehow cure if we are going to stop the financial crisis from spilling over and overwhelming the real economy . moneta
i see now that , on all sides , people are constantly talking to me and to us of closer links with national parliaments . parte
i am entirely on the side of europe 's farmers , who have to work very hard to earn their living in the service of our citizens . gran
this case offers us the opportunity to show unambiguously to the people which side each of us is on : on the side of human rights or on the side of judicial subterfuges in the interests of those who violate human rights . parte
as socialists , we are on the side of justice and in this respect we are going to vote in favour of the joint resolution by the group of the party of european socialists and other political groups in this parliament . parte
to engage in politics is to assume a position , to take sides , to make a choice , and the european parliament takes the side of democratic reason against obscure reasons of state . schierarsi
parliament takes the side of the citizens , those who were defeated and humiliated , those who must always give in and those who now , finally , are catching sight of justice - not vengeance - , those who even now in chile can still not openly express their joy at pinochet 's arrest for fear of the same old diehards . schiera
however , i would suggest to this house today that , as the people of northern ireland see some 200 convicted terrorists released on the streets , without any effort on the part of the terrorists to hand in their weapons , it as a democratic parliament would want to lend its voice in support of those who want to support the democratic way , and urge them to do it democratically , hand in their weapons and rid us of the plague of terrorism on both sides of the divide . fronti
it will not be a big surprise that although there are a number of positive comments to be made on the economic side , on the political side a lot remains to be desired , notably the functioning of the political system , the role of the military , the question of the protection of human rights and other issues which are well known to the parliament from the reports we have made earlier . aspetto
the right to industrial dispute is an attempt to put such disputes on a legal footing , and it only works where there are guaranteed rights for both sides - not just individual freedoms or rights of ownership , but also rights against arbitrary lockouts and against the criminal prosecution of strikers . parti
however , the vocational training measures under the leonardo programme are very definitely on the minus side , and when i say this i do not mean that i think the programme is fundamentally bad or ill-conceived , but in practice it has presented complex administrative problems . passivo
we must not forget that we owe a lot to the volunteer subjects who undergo clinical trials , because it is thanks to them that the final assessment can be made , particularly of a drug 's safety and efficacy , with records of any side effects it may have . collaterali
on the revenue side in the past year , the community has continued to lose billions from both customs duties and value added tax . NULL
on the expenditure side , following the structure of the budget , we have once again concentrated our efforts on agricultural and structural policy . spese
i am sure he will understand if i concentrate the rest of my remarks on the revenue side of the budget . entrate
concerning the own-resources side of the budget , would he agree with me that it is an extremely serious picture that is painted ? che
that is just employment policy , not unimportant - far from it - but it is just one side of the coin . faccia
it is difficult to understand why the commission should give increased support to only one side : that of employees ' representatives . unilateralmente
even the us congress says in a major report that the ratio last year was 35 anti-dumping cases on the american side compared with just two on the european side . voluminosa
as mrs mann says , we shall have daimler benz and chrysler on both sides of the atlantic . sponde
we are talking about human rights , about people , and we are talking about people not on the other side of the world , but on the other side of society . margine
i should like to express my special thanks to mr hoppenstedt , who through patient determination is able to achieve progress in important areas such as the development of a global satellite navigation system , not only on this side of the atlantic but on the other side as well . sponde
we reject the commission 's option and think that this vital question cannot be put to one side at this moment in time . escamotage
one thing is clear : until now we have enjoyed the benefits of strengthening trade relations between central and eastern europe on the one side and the european union on the other . lato
however , we also have more general substantive reasons and , without wanting to offend mrs mann with regard to her excellent work , we do not share all her assumptions , particularly not those contained in the initial recitals of the draft resolution , which assert the similarity of the models of society on each side of the atlantic . parte
we agree with the peter report on the need to adapt and promote the social dialogue between both sides of the world of work . partner
in this text , there are also some grand and noble declarations of principle on the role and missions which should be allotted to the two sides of industry , and we must welcome them . partner
the political agreement achieved during the recent summit between the two sides and the commission 's action plan for transatlantic economic cooperation give cause for serious concern and raise some pointed questions , since important issues concerning public health , labour relations and the rights of working people , consumer protection , matters related to the free provision of services and the liberalisation of public contracts and to the promotion of regulatory cooperation and the abolition of technical trade barriers , are to be determined without any democratic or political control . parti
the polish president said something remarkable this morning , which is true for both sides : ' one does not refurbish the house merely because there are guests coming ' . parti
that means that the european union , the 15 member states , must also do their own work first , especially in a sector that always tends to be pushed to one side , the agricultural sector . disparte
even though i am extremely sensitive to the commission 's concern to keep the total cost of the plan and the annual breakdown in line with implementation on the one side and the progress of work in line with the advances paid on the other , i still consider that a 10 % advance is too limited and it would be too heavy a burden on less-favoured regions to support the initial phase of a project . lato
mr president , firstly i should like to congratulate the commissioner on putting together a proposal which is generally uncontentious among the 15 member states and on all sides of this parliament . gruppi
in this regard , i think that there is one important key idea . austria , the country which probably shares one of the longest external borders with the candidate countries , is justifiably interested in ensuring that the crossing and opening of the common border is organised in such a way as to bring advantage to both sides and harm to neither . parti
yesterday evening during question time , we touched on this subject briefly , and today all sides of the house have rightly emphasised this willingness to cooperate . sottolineata
the structural side of the fisheries sector is greatly affected ... settore
both sides agreed that they would rapidly begin negotiations on the final status and refrain from unilateral measures . fronti
so under these circumstances , we consider it most important for both sides to refrain from any unilateral action that could prejudice the outcome of the final status negotiations . fronti
unfortunately we are still seeing a certain amount of confrontation on both sides . parti
we must try to overcome that perception with the israeli government and point out that we are dealing evenly with both sides of this argument and not taking sides at all . parti
human rights organisations have rightly pointed out that maintaining law and order must not be allowed to lead to large-scale human rights violations which would have negative consequences for both sides . parti
we must decide how long we are to allow terrorists and fundamentalists on both sides to succeed in imposing their agenda on the civilised world , by reversing a fundamental tenet of jewish , christian and islamic tradition , namely the commandment : thou shalt not kill ! fronti
time and time again , peace accords seem to break down because of mutual suspicion and the breaking of agreements by both sides . reciproca
we must now implement this agreement completely and swiftly , and on both sides . parti
mr president , madam president-in-office of the council , commissioner , it is to be regretted that just a few weeks after the wye plantation agreement we have seen a series of damaging remarks and threats made on both sides that , although they have been withdrawn very recently , can only be described as very dangerous and unproductive . we do , however , welcome the fact that the israeli parliament has ratified this agreement . parti
it is evident that the main opponents of the peace process at the present time are the most radical factions on each side that continually attempt to thwart the small advances that are so difficult to achieve for both the palestinians and the israelis . parti
if there is no other option , if one side listens more to the americans and the other side more to the european union , then we will simply have to act together . propende
while we on this side of the atlantic are busy drastically reforming the agriculture policy that we feel we need , those on the other side are sending out completely different signals , however understandable this may be , by suddenly increasing their subsidies enormously . sponda
i also fail to understand - and here i have also received the support of the left side of the house , which is particularly pleasing - why a temporary right of asylum can , according to the proposal , be granted for five years . sinistre
this is because i feel that an unholy alliance is being formed - one that we also see in other circumstances - in which one side claims it wished the best to be the enemy of the good . riscontrabile
but this does not alter the fact that the russian government must clearly understand that this positive signal from our side must meet with a positive signal from their side . parte
mr president , it is not often that somebody from this side of the house can get up and agree totally with what has just been said before by the greens . settore
i should like to urge the turkish government once again to seize the opportunity now , so that even if the application for political asylum is accepted , neither side should resort to violence , and that also applies to the pkk and the kurds ' political representatives . parti
and so far there does not seem to have been any request for clarification or disassociation from the president of the italian council to those who are in his government and at the same time march side by side with people - communists and ultranationalists - who incite others to ethnic and religious hatred . fianco
madam president , the socialist side of the house is currently undergoing a very interesting process of change . gruppo
it is certainly interesting to see this , standing as it does in stark contrast to the point of view consistently represented by the left side of this house . sinistra
as the honourable member on the other side of the house puts it : liberalisation is not an end in itself . banchi
if we therefore assume that the arguments are more or less equally good on both sides , the problem is reduced to judging the book either as a commercial good or a cultural object . parti
now that i am on the other side of the fence , as president of the commission i must stress that the commission is the guardian of the treaty and it must implement the decisions unanimously adopted by the council of ministers . parte
each side tries to drive away the other sides 's investors by means of lower charges and cheaper land . rubarci
but our satisfaction with this informal arrangement does not , regrettably , extend to the more formal side of things . aspetti
for the european union this means - as its side of the partnership - fulfilling its financial commitments in the context of the customs union , including turkey in european programmes such as leonardo , socrates and youth , and coordinating policies on energy , transport , the environment and combating drugs . ambito
i would like to make that point emphatically , so that no one can pretend there is any difficulty on the european union side . aspetto
and one thing that is really not playing the game is the unilateral cancellation of our side of the customs union . contropartita
but the amendments relating to the draft statute and the points of principle of the draft statute are put onto the annex side and the questions relating to the annex side are put on the draft statute side . sezione
mr president , we have been suggesting for years on our side that the expenses paid should on no account be greater than the actual cost incurred . rimborsare
who , therefore , will represent the economic side of monetary union ? who is in the best position to do so ? aspetto
there is an economic side and a monetary side . polo
admittedly , reforming operational methods is but one side of the coin ; what is especially crucial is that the international monetary fund should have adequate financial resources . lato
i intend to enumerate these points in the short time at my disposal , since i do not expect to be given so much additional time as the honourable members on the other side of the house . parte
in the past the discharge was perhaps just a formality , and i sometimes have the impression that this is still more or less how it is viewed by the other side of the house , but nevertheless the fact is that we are now having a very detailed and important debate on one of the most fundamental elements of the european union . lato
i must ask those members on the other side of the house in the socialist group , whether it is in accordance with democratic principles - at least this is what i have heard - for dissenters within your group , such as mrs wemheuer and mr bösch , not to have been allocated any speaking time by their group . lato
collaboration between academic institutions and industry is beneficial to both sides , but those doing the commissioning do not have an equal interest in all types of research . entrambi
the intense work of the committee on budgets and of experts on both sides has established an unprecedented degree of transparency and control in the 1999 budget . istituzioni
because your announcement that , if the strategic amendment were adopted , you would stand here and declare that the maximum rate had been exceeded would have amounted to nothing other than your side revoking the interinstitutional agreement . parte
the other side is that responsibility lies primarily with the policy pursued by the national member states , and those national states must continue to pay for it . parte
the main aim is to respect the commitments made on both sides . parti
at the same time , at present there is still some hope of working towards a solution based on a political settlement - and we encourage both sides to do so - under the united nations process . parti
very briefly and without wishing to take sides apart from expressing my support for the united nations resolutions , i should like to ask the council if it is aware that there are omissions , negligent actions and absences in international policy which , on occasions , hide undisclosed political positions and give the impression that the absence of the european union as such in terms of breaking deadlocks and in the process of negotiating conflict resolution forms a part of such negligence . risoluzioni
is the council aware that maintaining the status quo is tantamount to favouring one side , that , due to the lack of sufficient pressure to resolve the impasse , it is condemning a population to continue living in exile , deprived of its rights , and that , out of all the potential voters , this situation only affects those who are in favour of independence ? parti
i am sorry you have had to get up so many times , but i just wanted to ask very briefly for greater clarification as to which specific political and humanitarian measures the council is taking to ensure that the referendum on self-determination in the sahara is free , transparent and democratic and to ensure that it is not postponed indefinitely , which would only be detrimental for one of the sides in the conflict . parti
mr president , in its descriptive aspect this report has two sides . descrittivo
mr president , this is the last budget for certain distinguished members of the committee : the chairman , mr samland ; lord tomlinson ; mr dankert from our side , mr brinkhorst from the liberals , probably mr kellett-bowman ; and , i think , mr bardong from the ppe as well . parte
realistically it is most unlikely that further spending will be facilitated by a relaxation on the receipts side . spese
in order to prevent the european union from degenerating into a purely economic entity where the social dimension would be sidelined , the shambles that is the institutional side must be relaunched to rejuvenate the political europe , or even just to create it . ripiego
the anglo-french decision is a first step , but let us try to curb the tendency , the desire of the united states to act as the world 's policeman , and let us seriously pursue a common foreign and security policy in europe in order to establish a counterweight on this side of the atlantic . aspirazione
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we are confronted with a situation here which is really disturbing for us : things are clear in so far as one side is wrong and the other right . torto
it is élite groups , rather than the general population , who are locked in this tussle , and even the dispute about whether russian or romanian should be the official language in trans-dniestria is merely a side issue . secondaria
in the developing conflict , russia is on one side and the european union is effectively on the other . parte
i am very much on the side of the bahai and agree that they must not be persecuted . bahai
the market has two sides and we must protect both . parti
i note that with some conviction and with much right on his side , he has recited for us many of the accomplishments of the college which , as president , he has the privilege of leading . esercitando
for instance , the albanian side finds it is difficult to form a joint negotiating delegation , which is one important aspect . parte
the albanian side wants independence , the alliance of western states does not want it , for carefully considered reasons . albanesi
after many talks with retailers , with workers , with local authorities , i increasingly tend to think that to have a period during which the national currency is used side by side with the european currency would involve unnecessary costs , which those concerned cannot be expected to bear . accanto
for as a rule these wars are internationalised by the side that is in danger of losing . parte
but it is also apparent that the albanian side is of course thinking it can use the west for its own strategic ends , for goals the west does not endorse . parte
and in that context , the achievement followed by the implementation of an interim political settlement for kosovo , endorsed by the kosovar and the yugoslav side , is of central importance . parte
i also feel that the brok report is heading in the right direction towards these objectives . however , the requirements of realpolitik , which aims to preserve the power of the prime ministers to negotiate and choose the person to be proposed to the european parliament , have dulled the clarity of the report in favour of forms of compromise that allow room for both sides of the argument . politik
the reason these measures still apply is that there are still great differences in the provisions regarding state aid on the two sides . sussistono
those are my comments on the agricultural side . iil
the common agricultural policy does work , but recently it has in particular started to lean more towards the social side , meaning that there is a danger that a common agricultural policy and its attendant costs will meet with less and less acceptance from the european public , and the european taxpayer . accettino
on the financial side , i should like to say that obviously the issue of fair contributions and a balanced budget in terms of both income and expenditure forms part of the agenda debate . discute
the brok report generally includes these objectives , although the requirements of realpolitik , which aims to preserve the power of the prime ministers to negotiate and choose the person to be proposed to the european parliament , have dulled the clarity of the report in favour of forms of parliamentary compromise that allow room for both sides of the argument . propositiva
on one side we have the ecofin council - yesterday morning the german foreign minister repeated what the uk foreign secretary said at the start of his term of office , namely that we must curb farm spending - and on the other we have the farmers , concerned that price cuts will adversely affect their budgets . NULL
farmers are required to provide high-quality foodstuffs and use environmentally friendly production methods ; at the same time , they are supposed to preserve the agricultural landscape , just on the side , and in addition they are supposed to do all of this economically , preferably at what we call world market prices . aggiunta
well , between brussels and strasbourg , perhaps not exactly at the border crossing but a few kilometres either side , passengers are subjected to controls in which they are asked their nationality , their profession and the reason for their journey , and all with a degree of courtesy that is inversely proportional to the presumed importance of the traveller . pressappoco
it is perfectly clear that the provocations are starting again , that the actions by the iraqi side , or rather saddam hussein 's side , are continuing , with the result that there is a serious risk of war on the horizon . parte
personally , i believe that the angolan problem is basically a question of trust , and the climate of distrust is the fault of both sides , not just of unita . parti
this obscures the fact that there is actually a cruel dictatorial regime in power in luanda and that both sides should really be treated alike , as they are in fact treated in some respects by the united nations . luanda
i believe it is important that both sides are treated equally . parti
it is not fair to blame just one side for this - the government and the army must share some of the guilt . parte
in my view , neither side is willing to make any serious efforts to achieve lasting peace . parti
now that an agreement between the government and the national democratic front is in force and has been endorsed on both sides , it is important that its proposals are fully implemented and that all consequential steps are taken without delay . parti
it is particularly pleasing that this has taken place with good faith being shown on both sides and also that they have been addressing political , human rights and social and economic issues . parti
the committee on foreign affairs , security and defence policy had certain comments which it has tabled as amendments , such as the fact that the communication does not take sufficient account of the unique existing eu-acp structure , which enables both sides to consult each other about human rights , democracy and good governance through the eu-acp council and the eu-acp assembly . acp
in the long term we need constructive transatlantic dialogue because only if we preserve free trade in goods and observe the rules of fair competition on both sides of the atlantic , will we be able to guarantee a stable global environment . leale
my questions are : how do you react to it and do you plan to do anything to reconcile the two sides , agriculture and consumer demands ? sponde
we must begin a constructive dialogue and strengthen it , and i hope the other side , the people 's republic of china , understands that we are willing to meet it halfway if it does the same for us . interlocutore
both sides bear a great responsibility . parti
the talks between the representatives of the people 's republic of china and of taiwan are promising signs that both sides are moving towards a peaceful solution . parti
finally , on the plus side , we should note the reference made to the need to monitor and control the public aid granted to transnational undertakings in order to prevent them from relocating and to prevent them from taking advantage of public aid without developing long-term economic activities in the region . NULL
so no problems can arise here , whereas problems can indeed arise in areas where we have less competition aid and where the need for concentration - for agenda 2000 to lead to greater geographical concentration - basically means that the aid must be reduced from two sides . lati
nevertheless , i believe that the compromise the council has now reached will at least lead , on the one side , to rather more flexibility , which is something parliament has always called for , but - and i believe it is important to note this , given also what mrs schroedter said - will also impose an obligation on the member states to contribute through this regulation to a greater concentration . lato
that is why we do not wish to come down on the side of any particular process . determinata
the day before yesterday , when commissioner brittan presented the various sides of the banana dispute to the committee on external economic relations , he blamed the crisis on certain multinational companies , particularly chiquita . aspetti
i believe that we in the european parliament should stand on the side of the artists , the rightholders , and that in so doing we are making our contribution to the intellectual development of the european union . parte
it is those with interests on the other side of the atlantic that want it . parte
this is why i particularly welcome the fact that the commission has looked at this side of the problem and considered under what conditions the nationals of third countries can be admitted . aspetto
but here too the conservative side of this report gives way to the bolder side , with the suggestion that the european council should meet , whenever necessary , as the heads of state and government , when for decision-making purposes it should adopt the procedures usually followed at normal meetings of councils of ministers . NULL
that is why at this point i have to confine myself to informing you that as expected the negotiations are proving difficult , that so far both sides are giving no ground at all and that the mediators are currently concentrating on identifying any common areas over and above the differences . parti
the eu has supported the independent media to counter the propaganda from both sides . parti
the use of force , by whichever side , only exacerbates the conflict and inflicts even greater suffering and misery on the people . parte
it is important to have albania as a whole on our side , not a divided and divisive albania , if we are to achieve a common solution here . divisa
inevitably negotiations go on beyond a timetable but we clearly must not be sucked into the kind of manoeuvring we have seen in the past with one side or the other deliberating dragging on negotiations for much too long . parte
we have to ensure that , in condemning the serbian side , we are equally tough on the albanian side and do not , out of sympathy for one side or the other , provoke a worse situation than exists at the moment . parte
on our side there is the airport , while the french side is european territory . parte
the european union takes the view that there are already far too many weapons in cyprus , producing a real risk that each new build-up of weapons on one side will immediately be matched by the other side , which will lead to less rather than more security . parti
that decision sent out an important signal about reducing the excessive number of weapons in cyprus and the european union hopes both sides will take further steps in that direction . parti
firstly , the president-in-office talked about further measures which could be taken by both sides . parti
bearing in mind what has been said so far and the statements that have been made , what kind of measures does the council expect to come from the turkish side ? parte
mr dimitrakopoulos , the council 's principal demand to the turkish side in cyprus is that it should finally be willing to take part in the accession negotiations . parte
so far this hope has not been fulfilled , but we still make the same very clear demand to the turkish side to take part in the negotiations . parte
in any case , of course , we call on the turkish side to keep a low military profile and to help defuse the situation by taking steps towards disarmament . parte
after this , the normal procedures provide that the other side has the right to appeal . parte
the us , from its side , has requested consultations with us and we will enter those consultations in good faith . canto
that means if we have two different points of view , we should acknowledge that both sides could be right . parti
as we pointed out at the time , the scale of the retaliatory measures announced seems to be disproportionate , regardless of the rights and wrongs on each side . rappresaglie
the israeli side has expressed the wish to participate more fully in future evaluation measures . parte
i would reassure mr antony who has now left us that if anyone in israel or , for that matter , in the arab world was stupid enough to try and develop ethnic weapons , they would be self-destructing in the sense that the gene pools of the arabs and the israelis are sufficiently close that it would be very difficult to identify or produce weapons that would not harm people on both sides of the divide . entrambe
i really wonder whether we will ever manage to make the two sides realise that there can only be losers here . fazioni
both sides claim land on the basis of old colonial maps , and both are too stubborn even to talk to the peace negotiators and listen to what they have to say . NULL
international pressure must be brought to bear on both sides to bring about a new cease-fire for a start . parti
both sides will eventually come back to the peace proposals put forward by the oau , or at least i hope they will . fazioni
all arms supplies and military assistance to the two warring sides must immediately cease , as called for yesterday by the united nations security council . belligeranti
we have to call on both sides to cease all hostilities and stop fighting because clearly negotiation is the only way to solve the problem . parti
so we need to fulfil our side of the bargain : endorse the so-called compromise amendments , and then we have the beginnings of something we can take further after the second reading when we move to co-decision . parte
so the european standards institutes cannot disregard the policy pursued on the other side of the atlantic . oltreoceano
the minimum degree of economic prosperity , social balance and security that is desirable in the region depends on the revival of a dialogue which is currently faltering , and which needs to produce greater consideration for the interests of the countries on both sides of the mediterranean . sponde
if there is a need for additional research from the community side , of course we could do that as well . svolga
it takes two sides , it takes turkey and it takes the kurdish organisations , who must do their utmost to achieve a peaceful settlement . parti
aid is then always aid to one side which gets used against the other . parte
we must therefore appeal to all sides to remain calm .  
the negotiations proved very difficult from the outset , especially because of the problems on both sides in regard to opening up their agricultural markets and because of the divergent positions on the use of designations of origin for port and sherry produced in south africa . reciproca
four years of negotiations means of course four years of toil on both sides . parti
i should like to tell them that we wish to negotiate as equals but with understanding for their problems , not merely to listen , and also that we can overcome the obstacles which - regrettably - have emerged on our side and have wrecked the compromise . parte
we have the employees on one side and the transport customers on the other . parte
we are hoping for a positive reply and a positive response from the turkish side . parte
all this will do much to show the public the practical and useful side of europe , something that is often lacking in european policy . immagine
obviously , i will be determinedly on your side in this procedure . fianco
it would perhaps be wiser to line up on the side of common sense from the outset . parte
mr president , i want to support the rapporteur against that attack from his own side . gruppo
to be on the safe side , i recently paid a working visit to the only nuclear power plant which my country boasts . effettuato
unfortunately , the other side of this issue is that , once again , our leaders will probably not take this new lesson seriously , and that is a shame . lato
i think anyone who believes that the social partners should decide for themselves whom they wish to appoint will vote in favour of it , and anyone who has a sort of paternalistic view of the social partners will of course vote against ; they will do so in the context of the politically correct thinking observed on the other side of the house , and they will in fact be saying ' we are going to decide exactly whom the social partners can appoint ' . lato
the accusation is made of a lack of transparency on all sides over the substance and results of the work of the advisory committee and of all the new working parties which have been set up , eight of them in 1996 . costituiti
the commission is on the same side as the 206 members who voted against the report , and that reassures me . NULL
we do not want this to be mistaken for protectionism , but we cannot recklessly give way on a fundamental issue just because we support nelson mandela and south africa 's struggle to consolidate its anti-racist democracy , which , as far as we are concerned , has always been the goal , even though some of its most vocal defenders today were previously on the other side , attacking mandela and the anc . sposato
this is as i have said a vital agreement for the new south african democracy , but it is also the basis of a partnership of equals , one which will enhance both sides economically as well as strategically . parti
as my colleague mrs marinucci has set out , we , on this side , will maintain our approach taken in committee . ala
we support the commission 's statement that our side will not impose unilateral measures and we want to remain in conformity with wto rules . unilaterali
we can invent any dialogue that we like or an economic partnership , but unless you get the political communities buying into this system with a broader partnership agreement between the eu and the us so that we can , as politicians , not talk by video conference but actually have a deeper dialogue between the two sides of the atlantic , then the situation will not improve . sponde
i am not afraid of a banana nemesis because i know that the policy we are pursuing , with your support , is one of complete adherence to world trade , of a determination to build a relationship with the united states but on the solid basis of mutual respect and of equality on both sides of the atlantic . partner
parliament has already taken important steps in regard to the interinstitutional agreement by laying down our principles , but financial reform will quite simply remain inadequate unless we also see changes on the revenue side . accenti
interinstitutional agreement and reform of own resources are two sides of the same coin . facce
but we cannot achieve this important aim on the expenditure side . spese
in the same way it is very important that the report very clearly says that we should find corrections on the expenditure side in the future . voci
that is where negotiations sometimes throw up difficult points for one side or the other and that is why sometimes it is difficult to reach an agreement . lato
the onus is on the united states but we on our side are ready to implement the agreements once the united states grants a waiver under title iv of the helms-burton act as foreseen in the london agreements . siamo
but mrs haug has also paved the way for what we will in the final analysis need on the revenue side , namely european revenue in the form of european taxes . entrate
in this difficult battle between council , parliament and commission to open up the railways so that they will become client-oriented and effective , we are on your side , commissioner , and i hope you are on our side ! parte
it was generally felt that a final agreement - if it is to improve the balance of the financial framework - will require a combination of measures on both the expenditure and revenue sides . lato
on the issue of own resources and budgetary imbalances , there is a general willingness in the council to review the decision on own resources , provided that this initiative is part of a balanced package which also takes account of the expenditure side . lato
that includes both sides , the revenue side and the expenditure side . parti
it is also difficult to become a partner under pressure , but we have no alternative other than to exert this pressure on both the serbian and the kosovar-albanian sides . nonresta
as far as the serbian side is concerned , and there is no need to waste words in passingmoral judgement on milosevic and other serb leaders , i just have one concern - and i do not know whether the presidency would like to comment on this - which is that the actions , in themselves perfectly understandable , of the high representative carlos westendorp with regard to republika srpska , by being taken at this particular time , just a few days before the conference reconvenes in rambouillet , might harden the resolve of the serbian side . parte
i am thinking here of the decision made in brcko , but even more of the decisions on staffing concerning poplasen , which ultimately also led to dodic 's resignation , who is of course to some extent our ' ally ' on the serbian side in republika srpska . erzegovina
as far as the kosovar-albanian side is concerned , i should like once again to say loudly and clearly here that all of us who hold talks with liberation movements or resistance movements , whether it is the kurds on the one hand or the kosovar albanians on the other , have a duty to insist that they adopt a peaceful , cooperative position , a position on the basis of which a compromise can be reached . NULL
i believe - as the commissioner has also said - that some things have already started to happen : on the kla side too , forces which are more willing to compromise have come to the fore , and i still say that if these resistance movements want the solidarity and support of the international community , then they too must be prepared to cooperate and compromise . parte
in our view , that means two things : firstly , we need credibility on our side , and we need to demonstrate our credibility when we talk about democracy . mostrare
you cannot help thinking that both sides have simply used the break in the negotiations to arm themselves for the forthcoming spring offensive . parti
this would involve many fields : rare diseases , food safety , blood safety , ecological threats , the side effects of medicinal products , etcetera . collaterali
the usa has for a long time been a partner that is accepted by both sides , and we recognise and respect its role and its importance in the region . parti
i am sure that in the not-too-distant future the parties will achieve the peace in the middle east that all sides would like to see . parti
we cannot then allow one side to create a fait accompli . parte
i must say once again that i am very concerned at the lack of progress that has been made recently in securing a final peace settlement that is acceptable to both sides . contendenti
there is an issue of interpretation here when the lithuanian side maintains that the copenhagen criteria contain nothing about energy . sostiene
mr president , it is quite obvious that there is a strong , powerful lobby on the side of those who are against abolishing duty-free , while there is no-one on the other side because it is made up of small groups and small businesses . parte
a drop in interest rates is being considered on the other side of the rhine , as an attempt to influence the european central bank , and the stability pact itself is being called into question . lato
we need to make a collective effort , involving both sides of industry to coordinate wage policies and involving the governments of the member states to speed up the necessary structural reforms and to move beyond their existing stability programmes , in which the budgetary control targets are minimal but nonetheless tend towards a balanced budget , or even a surplus by the year 2002 at the latest . parti
in general terms , the aim on the revenue side of the eu budget must be to create greater transparency and an equitable distribution of burdens .  
however , i feel it is going too far to reject any correction mechanism on the revenue side of the eu budget out of hand . entrate
madam president , i think it appropriate and right that this house should state its position on the cermis tragedy - and not only on the incident itself , but above all on the verdict from the other side of the atlantic which failed to condemn it . oceano
it is not only the hatred that is constantly growing , and the irreconcilability of two peoples who used to live side by side and to intermarry as a matter of course ; there are also the diverse interests of various european powers which keep preventing a peaceful solution , as they did again only recently . fianco
after independence , the constitution - the pancasila - ensured that different races and religions could live freely and safely side by side . pancasila
side by side with the working population , we are fighting to maintain and strengthen the state social security system of social protection , to broaden and improve the quality of provision in order to bring it in line with the objective of a high level of unified state social protection . lottiamo
that is however just one side of the story . lato
in instances of cofinancing it is particularly difficult to explain to a partner why they should provide their contribution whilst those on the european side drag their feet . controparte
perhaps i could look at what might be termed the political side , since this is , after all , one of the trickiest issues . aspetto
since , in the wake of the war , crime and disorder are also rife in the receiving countries , with fraud and corruption as part of everyday life , it is even more important that the money we commit is not subject to mismanagement on the donor 's side . malversazioni
on the political side i welcome the result of the council 's low level political dialogue with the dprk and support the idea of a second meeting when the time is right . vista
on the political side we obviously have to tread warily but not so warily that we do not make progress . vista
as far as the humanitarian side is concerned , we are pleased to note , sir leon , that you have made progress on the question of providing food supplies for the population . questioni
in fact i am very surprised to find that my colleagues on the other side of the house have suddenly forgotten a great many of the things we once decided here unanimously and jointly a year and a half ago in the wake of the bse decision . opposto
mr president , this is like a tv quiz show - i am getting different advice from each side . parte
this must not be left to one side ; indeed , in the light of the events of recent weeks , it is even more important that the commission should produce its proposal promptly . rimandato
on the procedural side , apart from the fact that we are discussing this report here in brussels rather than in strasbourg , where budgetary matters should be discussed , i would point out that in recital b of the report adopted by a majority in parliament , we welcome the conclusions of the informal european council in berlin , which actually takes place tomorrow and the day after . NULL
however , there is another side , a darker side , to almost every success , and in this case the politicians in the member states are not yet aware of it . NULL
only here too there is another side to the coin : it will not do for farmers to sell potatoes to the producer group when times are hard , and for them to distribute the potatoes on the open market when times are good and they can obtain a good price . faccia
i think that the internal market should also be taken into account here , which means making money available on both sides . fronti
while the internet is a wondrous tool of huge potential benefit to mankind , it also has its darker side . negativi
it is therefore deplorable that the negotiations between the social partners at european level for an agreement in accordance with article 4 ( 2 ) of the social protocol have failed , in particular because of one side 's total unwillingness to negotiate . parti
in virtually all the sectors we are dealing with here , there are two sides to the coin : not only the safety of the personnel in question , because otherwise you could say that employers should look after safety themselves , but also the safety of the rest of society , because there are always going to be sectors in which damage can be caused to the rest of society . aspetti
in this context , we need to give much more recognition to the role played by the social partners in terms of implementation , and i think that experience shows that all those who are involved in the practicalities of implementing rules of this kind on the ground - which means experts , which means the two sides of industry , as the british call them - should be given a tangible role in the implementation process . sides
while europe as a force for labour remains restricted by this framework , it will never become sufficiently visible to the public , just like the monetary side of europe today . costretta
it is very important to me and to my group that this programme should not merely produce figures that are put to one side and forgotten , as it is all very well to collate data at european level but none of this is of any use if we do not take concrete action . bello
let me emphasise from the commission 's side that we attach very great importance to both these programmes even if , in their duration and scope , they essentially constitute really just a first step in the right direction . parte
it is now up to the yugoslav side to accept the demands of the international community unconditionally and to implement them at once . parte
i look forward to a constructive dialogue with members of parliament , with parliament itself , in which no-one gives any special treatment to anyone else but both sides know that europe can prosper only if the institutions are able and become even more able to work together . entrambi
now we must ensure that european legal texts and european aid money lead to constructive cooperation between the people on either side of the eu border . parti
these areas are both absolutely and relatively disadvantaged as they are side by side with areas of considerable affluence . adiacenti
as the directive is designed to bring in minimum requirements , however , the member states - or the two sides of industry - are free to maintain or introduce rules which call for more extensive provision of information . parti
after all , when weapons speak we must not simply put politics to one side ; instead we must always continue to pursue the road of politics . accantonare
the fact that the heads of government of the member states are meeting with the un secretary general , kofi annan , seems to be a prelude to a european initiative - as was moreover announced here by the council - which might , if there are positive signs from the yugoslav side , enable a return to be made to the negotiating table . jugoslavo
however , there is no doubt that the fundamental condition for any suspension of the allied bombing of serbia is an immediate cessation of all military activity in kosovo by the yugoslav side , the withdrawal of serb forces from the region and an end to the repression and expulsion of the kosovar population . parte
the summit meeting that was recently held in lahore between the prime ministers of india and pakistan gives reason to hope that both sides are seriously endeavouring to establish good-neighbourly relations , which could also improve the prospects for peace in jammu and kashmir . parti
so in this sense we can also accept the positive side to this crisis . costruttive
apart from eu membership , the best guarantee for estonia 's future is peaceful cooperation with russia . one day , russia will perhaps overcome its enormous economic difficulties and appreciate that good neighbourly relations benefit all sides . vantaggiosa
this applies to both sides : the european union and the applicant countries in central and eastern europe . parti
can nato retain its credibility if , on the one hand , it bombs serb military and economic infrastructures , and on the other hand , lets one of the sides in the conflict recruit freely ? belligeranti
so , for example , i believe that we need to rebalance the current strategy that places the emphasis on the supply side , through a strategy that has a more demand-driven approach . offerta
in fact , consumer organisations have shown , for instance , that existing european legislation in this field concentrates on the supply side , whereas demand , which benefits consumers and small businesses , plays a minor role . offerta
no one has been able to tell us whether it is true that the lorry that entered the tunnel from the french side was already on fire as it entered the tunnel , and we waste time trying to establish a tiny difference of a minute or two between the time it took the french and italians to intervene . versante
madam president , i am delighted that there is going to be this daphne programme and i hope that we will be able to put it to good use , because violence against women and children is one of the unacceptable sides of our society and it is constantly on the increase . assumendo
specifically , the employment committee 's report calls for the following : an increase in the number of unemployed people to benefit from an active support measure such as vocational training or job-creation measures , compared with the proposals in the guidelines ; the autonomy of the european central bank and the two sides of industry ; and further efforts to consolidate public finances . parti
in addition , we call for intelligent working models and the reduction of overtime , for flexibility instead of a unilateral reduction in working time with full pay , an easing of the tax burden on labour , the convergence of corporate taxes to prevent the relocation of undertakings solely on tax grounds , and finally regular meetings of the political decision-makers with the two sides of industry and the european central bank so that common strategies can be agreed . parti
today we have the euro , and today no one is disputing the fact that their proposals are right nor that mr menrad 's report , which covers the employment policy side , is a very good report , which can be debated here alongside the fourçans report . aspetti
it must be said that from our side we believe that the rapporteur is playing petty party politics with the whole question of discharge for 1996 . punto
for the rest , the commission takes note that the discharge procedure for 1996 is about to reach its conclusion on the institutional legal side which is being discussed here today . aspetti
i wish however today to make some remarks on the policy side arising from what mr prodi has said . contenuto
the stronger , the more reasonable party must act to suspend the air attacks to let us see what cards each side holds , to get negotiation back on track and to reach a solution to the problem , naturally taking account of the rights of the refugees , guaranteed by a military force , to return to kosovo . interrompa
mr president , my message is simply this : speaking of the military dictator , general pinochet , allende said that pinochet had might but not right on his side . golpista
we were slow to react and we failed to react in the right way , and the issue facing us today - and mr dupuis said as much - is that we must realise that the time has come to mount a huge information campaign directed at the serb population , so that they too understand that right and might are on our side and not on the side of milosevic . serbo
right and might are on our side then , and i therefore say to you , mr fischer , that we can and must be far-sighted in our strategy and more flexible in our tactics . ordunque
unfortunately , however , while the relentless bombardments continue , disinformation on both sides is rife and self-criticism is in short supply . parti
but there must be political will on the russian side to eliminate the ' robber baron ' style of capitalism which has developed since 1991 . russi
i am asking you too to respect this promise - just as we have done one our side - by honouring the ad personam promotions . personam
there are two sides to this question : first , the issue of type-approval , concerning what such regulations on fuels apply to , and second , the issue of checking whether these regulations are observed in practice . aspetti
we note , however , that the social side was virtually totally absent from his speeches , which is worrying . notiamo
we would not have carried off this success without having her on our side . parte
this will consolidate many months of dedicated effort from parliament 's side to secure the best deal possible for the balanced development of our regions and the furthering of economic and social cohesion of the european union .  
of course the picture painted by the commission , of two strong pillars side by side , is a little over-optimistic . stagliano
the eu-mexico agreement is therefore urgently needed to help restore the balance and to foster political and cultural , as well as economic , links between mexico and europe in the interests of both sides . entrambi
the reciprocal ethnic atrocities are always attributed to just one side and not to the others . parte
since that interim agreement , there have been too many wrong signals from both sides , most of them from israel , i have to say , including granting approval for the construction of more houses in har homa and hebron . fazioni
it would appear that the escalating violence in the balkans has brought the two sides in the middle east up short , since everyone knows that this kind of escalation can lead to unpredictable situations . parti
so for the time being , people on both sides are using their common sense . parti
there are those such as shimon peres or some of his colleagues in the labour party who really do follow a clear political line in that respect , and that is why we should now express the hope that the israeli side will declare unequivocally that it desires peace and that it will now halt the various repressive measures which have been taking place with regrettable regularity since the seizure of power and since the appointment of mr netanyahu as prime minister will now stop . israeliana
the macro-economic dialogue agreed on in cologne , with the involvement of the two sides of industry and the european central bank , will make an important contribution to this process . parti
nevertheless , again on the address from the other side of the house as regards the inauguration of the new commission , we refuse , and on this matter i now speak on behalf of the group of the social democrats , to make the procedure and timetable of parliament dependent on the presentation of a report by a non-parliamentary group or a non-parliamentary committee . ala
i think we should remember now that we are having this debate on this side of the rhine and not on the other side . riva
on the other side , there are domestic issues which can very well be resolved in germany , but this is not the place to bring them up . sponda
there is an even more serious side to this ! basta
a democratic era is being superseded by a bureaucratic era in which the voters are being driven into a siding . relegati
i believe that the presence by your side of a strong commission making its contribution to the development of that mandate is equally essential . fianco
there are those who would say , and they have , i believe , rationality on their side , that the provisions of article 213 of the treaty and its references to integrity and discretion mean that for anyone who has an understanding of required standards in public life , little more should need to be said , if anything .  
i should like to draw attention to two matters : firstly , the side effects . collaterali
to me , this fine sends to the european citizen the message that europe is on the side of big business and not on the side of the ordinary man or woman in the street . schierata
they have us on their side provided they clearly demonstrate where the reason lies . fianco
even here we will be on your side if you implement controls where they are necessary , even in the member states . fianco
are you on the side of the experts and big industry or are you on the side of the citizens and parliament ? parte
that side of the house should be thoroughly ashamed of their conduct in the busquin hearing . vergognarsi
i would point out to the other side of the house that you cannot be selective in the application of principle . lato
but we must judge you and decide whether to put our confidence in you on the basis of your statements and what we know about you , leaving these statements to one side . giudicarla
nonetheless , with the outcome of this procedure on this side of the house we are confident that we have a commission that is a distinct improvement on the previous one . parte
we have not tried to play party politics or national politics and petty games of that sort on this side of the house . parte
mr president , are you sure that this view is shared on the other side of the atlantic ? atlantico
some uk members on this side of the house may have reservations about one or two points but we fully believe in the principles of this resolution , the points that are practical and enforceable . settore
on the other side , the assessment of the commissioners ' ability to live up to the enormous expectations that now lie upon them to introduce a very different kind of behaviour and culture in the new commission , we did expect the demonstration of an ability to introduce genuine , far-reaching , radical reform . luogo
mr president , the only issue left to address at this stage , given the broad range of contributions from all sides of this house , is why we are surprised about what has happened in indonesia , why we are surprised at the impotent response of the european union to the tragic genocide of the last two weeks in east timor . ali
there is plenty of provocation from both sides . parti
in the kurdish province there are 500,000 militiamen and soldiers under arms in a war , which the other side ended long ago . controparte
madam president , while i welcome many of the improvements that have been made , i want to make a point concerning the management side : we would very much welcome some recycling facilities , given the sheer amount of paper that appears every day , much of which is not kept . aspetto
for years we have seen from the other side of the water how there was already a great deal in place , which makes it all the more galling that even though it stood empty for so long , there are still so many defects . lontano
if you have trouble getting into the garage , think of me coming from the united kingdom with a car and the steering wheel on the other side which is even worse . opposta
once these three goals have been achieved , that is to say , once we have designed sensible legislation , have access to scientific advice at a high level and are properly carrying out the relevant supervision , only then are we really on the safe side . sicuro
mr president , with the necessary will on both sides to positively resolve any remaining loose ends or interpretations , we are arriving at the point of the parliamentary procedure for approving a rigorous text which is full of hopes and expectations . parti
this is an agreement which has taken into account diverse interests , interests which are often difficult to reconcile and which , nevertheless , seem to be providing acceptable responses for all sides . conciliabili
to sum up , it is an agreement that is sure to enable both sides to make progress for a few years . parti
without going into the inappropriateness in principle of these kinds of suggestions , i wish to underline that both sides are working very hard to find a quick and mutually acceptable solution to the outstanding problems on the wines and spirits dossier . parti
as a matter of fact , this thursday negotiators of both sides will meet again in brussels for a concluding session on the wines and spirits talks . incontreranno
it confirms a clear determination by the eu to support the process of change and reform in south africa and reflects both sides ' desire to further expand their political , trade and cooperation contacts to the benefit of south africa and indeed the southern african region as a whole . parti
if the south african side proposes meaningful market openings to the eu , we will be able to fully eliminate our tariffs by the year 2003 . sudafricani
we cannot hide from the true situation of a country which , however , has always sided with nato . schierato
cooperation between europe and turkey could be an encouraging and promising example of how cultures living side by side as neighbours can find a joint path towards achieving peace , democracy and rule of law , and also opportunities for prosperity , for their people . coesistenti
the prospect for the near future would appear to be that , with regard to the palestinian track , both sides will discuss the matter directly with one another , without any appreciable participation on the part of others . parti
the syrian track has ever greater opportunities to start negotiations and thereby achieve peace , as both sides want peace . parti
we were glad to see the parties preparing to reconcile themselves to unavoidable bilateral compromises demanded on both sides . entrambe
there are clear signs too that both sides mean business . parti
in this situation , it is very important that both sides refrain from unilateral undertakings which might jeopardise the process . parti
we must continue to be very active in encouraging movement on both sides . parti
as europeans , we must remain neutral in this conflict and support both sides equally in their efforts . parti
we are therefore , like the group of the greens / european free alliance rejecting motions for resolutions which express views which are increasingly critical of the israeli government but which do not go into the problems of the other side . controparte
as europeans we cannot afford to take sides in this conflict , thus losing our credibility as negotiators . posizione
in order to ensure that , this time , the way forward for hope which has opened up after the signing of the sharm el-sheikh memorandum is not closed in the future , the political sensitivity and intelligence of the new government of the state of israel , whose security we want to see guaranteed , must come up with measures which are capable of creating a lasting confidence on the palestinian side , so that the peaceful way forward , recently reopened , reaches its final goal as soon as possible . parte
it would be disastrous for the european side to respond passively to the current weakness of the american political leadership . parte
i would however like to say this : unless we are blind and have no idea what is being said and what is happening on the other side of the atlantic , we cannot help but be struck dumb by the similarity between the terms used by the commission and the words of president clinton . parte
we need to acknowledge that all these fine objectives will demand that we support the supply side in developing countries , because they simply will not have the capacity to deal with these fine objectives . offerta
we believe that to have the members of the european parliament , who are so well informed , by our side , in a negotiation of this type , is a trump card for us and hence for the union . fianco
emissions trading has two sides , one is political and the other economic . aspetti
those who will obtain jobs are not certain of it yet , but those who are losing them know a lot more about it , and , for that reason , unfortunately , there is much stronger lobbying from their side . consci
we are on the side of the oppressed in principle and even if the victims of yesterday are the ones holding power today , we will still be on the side of the victims of today . fianco
i would now like to emphasise once again that it was also confirmed to us by all sides in the discussions that were held in committee that it is not automatically permitted to substitute an electronic signature with a personal one for certain form requirements as laid down by individual member states . confermato
the committee therefore proposes , firstly that the ecb should publish a summary minute giving both sides of the argument , for and against monetary actions . esponendo
we believe in the independence of the central bank , but this central bank is much more independent than the bundesbank or the united states federal reserve , because it was not created by an act of parliament and cannot be modified by one , because it does not exist side by side with a government that has its own economic policy . convive
it is also established practice in the netherlands for there to be structured ways in which the dutch central bank participates in the consultation system , for example there is a banking council in which advice is given to the bank and in which both sides of industry also take part . this participation in the consultation system economy is also afforded by the dutch central bank having a seat on the socio-economic council , which is the most important advisory body in the socio-economic field . raad
i am sorry to see that human rights associations , anti-racist organisations and both sides of industry have already been left out of the process of drawing up this charter . parti
in the final seconds of this debate i would like to highlight judicial construction and the fact that the citizens , in addition to security , the police and the fight against crime , wish to know that justice is on their side , in any part of europe , and that they will find justice before any judge . giustizia
mr president , right at the outset i would like to say to mr helmer and others that people on this side of the house are not in the business of shackling or hampering the decision-making capabilities of businesses . settore
but , having said that , those of us who believe in the market and belong to this side of the hemicycle , far from the autarchic temptations of some parts of this assembly , believe that the principle of social compensation must counter-balance the principle of a functioning market . parte
however , to those on the other side of the house , i would say that those people who tried to throw the textile machines into the rivers of manchester , in order to save jobs , were wrong because we live in an era which is infinitely better than the one which they wanted to preserve . settori
mr president , i shall speak with right on my side . valere
nothing would offer as much advantage to the other side as a lack of unity amongst ourselves and contradictory debates on a matter which is so vital to our interests and also for morocco itself . parte
at any rate , emphasising that we will not tolerate any concessions in the negotiations will not , i believe , succeed in making the moroccan side more open towards us , as it were , and more prepared to come to an agreement with us . parte
feelings are running high in britain and the crisis must be resolved quickly , otherwise there will be tit-for-tat retaliation on both sides of the channel . sponde
economic interests represent one side of the coin , consumer protection the other . lato
there may be teething problems along the way but it will be the challenge of all of us involved in establishing the legislation for that agency to ensure that the competences of each of the various institutions - whether they be at community level or at member state level - properly interact and that each side knows exactly where their competence begins and ends . interagiscano
i would like to highlight the fact that there was an emphasis on macroeconomic policies , particularly monetary policies , having to take into account progress on the supply side of the european economy . offerta
mr president , many things have already been said which i think can be summarised in this way : either the macroeconomic dialogue is sheer hypocrisy , hiding the lack of a real economic policy for the union , and so it is completely useless , a mere imitation and a waste of time , as other members have already said , or the macroeconomic dialogue is something real and substantial , and so there is hypocrisy on the other side and they are trying to use flimsy words to hide the danger , to my mind , of a lato
this is why i regret that at the start of the process , parties are threatening to hide behind the interests of their own autonomy on their own patch of authority : the government with respect to their budgetary policy , the two sides of industry with regard to wage negotiations and the european central bank with regard to monetary policy . parti
but i believe that politically we must look at its positive side and consider the major concern of the peoples of europe- after all , meps do represent the peoples of europe and speak on their behalf - which is why the interesting yet burning issue of employment and unemployment is at the heart of macroeconomic dialogue . considerarne
there is the agreement reached between the two sides of industry in the maritime sector , there is the specific proposal relating to seafarers having recourse to community ports , but also there is ilo convention 180 and in fact the agreement between the two sides of industry in the maritime sector was very closely based on ilo convention 180 . NULL
the two sides of industry there agreed to be included in the general directive so long as parallel progress was made in the road sector because they quite naturally fear a competitive disadvantage if they put in place wide-ranging arrangements to cover working time but the road sector does not . parti
this will make sure that the workers on board vessels from third countries having recourse to our ports are covered by the same broad arrangements as the agreement between the two sides of industry . parti
the committee on employment and social affairs is in agreement , provided that the two sides of industry involved enter into consultation and negotiation with each other , although this consultation does not have to lead to any agreement . parti
we have built in an addition here that will ask for a review after five years involving the two sides of industry at european level to see how the regime is functioning in this sector with particular reference to the health and safety of the workers involved . parti
it is my firm belief that , and i am appealing to you all , we must adopt a realistic approach on all sides so that we can all have an effective directive which will act as an initial safeguard for trainee doctors . schieramenti
i accept her point that there will probably have to be compromise on all sides but i would be interested to know when she anticipates conciliation starting . parti
i accordingly believe that this cooperation will be of great benefit to both sides , and that the democratic process can in this way also be promoted through greater cooperation and an enhanced dialogue . parti
an experience of this kind , learning each other ' s language and understanding each other ' s culture , could be extraordinarily attractive and stimulating for both sides . stimoli
i agree with rolf linkohr , both sides can benefit . parti
the cooperation process has been slowed down by the fact that it has become fragmented and is being administered by many different authorities , especially on the russian side . parte
we must also see to it that projects that have been started are brought to a conclusion within their allocated time span . we must also insist that the russian side adhere to their part of the project . parte
this involves working towards cooperation from which both sides can benefit . parti
we have seen what is happening on the nuclear side . nucleare
furthermore , both sides of industry must of course be involved in the process of renewing and modernising employment in the member states . coinvolgimento
but the review process and target setting release neither the member states nor the two sides of industry from their main responsibility for employment policy in their countries , because they are specific . parti
furthermore , there is added value at european level if the two sides of industry can also learn from each other how to develop new concepts and to implement pilot schemes . parti
let us accept the challenge , and let us get all the weapons on our side , the side of life and integration . parte
companies should be provided with a tailor-made solution for informing and consulting workers , based on agreement between the two sides of industry . parti
all of parliament ' s amendments have been very significant , and one that i consider to be extremely relevant is the one that expresses the need for ethics and good faith on all sides . parti
we in the european parliament represent both sides of industry , and one of them has no voice of its own , commissioner . parti
now , at the moment this matter is the subject of a very heated political debate in my country and i think it totally inappropriate , if not intolerable , for our president to side so strongly with one party , given her institutional position , what is more , overlooking the fact that an article of the italian constitution talks explicitly about freedom for anybody to open a private school without putting burdens on the state . schieri
i would therefore invite the president to take more care , at the time of a political debate in one of the countries of the union , not to take sides and to respect , or at least take into account the existence of the constitutions in force in the various member states of the union . schierarsi
mr president , mrs haug , ladies and gentlemen , it goes without saying that the revenue side of the budget is as important as the expenditure side of the european commission ' s budget , albeit we do not have an annual debate on the latter . entrate
at the berlin summit , changes to the revenue side were agreed on in respect of the maximum proportion of vat paid to the eu , the british contribution rebate and the financing thereof , and with regard to the proportion of customs duties and agricultural levies that can be retained by the member states . lato
in october 1998 , the commission presented a report on the revenue side of the budget and possibilities for reform . entrate
all deliberations on reform ought to concentrate , above all , on making the revenue side transparent , effective and simple . entrate
i also share the view that an equitable approach to planning the budget is not something that should be reserved for the revenue side alone , and i share the view that we should not wait until the year 2006 to have a debate on reform , but rather that the debate , together with its administrative back-up , should take place in this legislative period . entrate
i hope that mrs gebhardt will use her considerable skills to draft a change which satisfies all sides . contraddistingue
according to my calculation , unless there are new members of the conservative party , the proportion of members from our side and their side are almost the same . parte
in the hormone dispute we are taking the side of the precautionary principle , but not here . parte
the commission remains very concerned that no tangible progress has so far been made on the us side on their commitment to seek congressional amendment to title 4 of helms-burton , not least since the us administration has regularly recalled that the president is obliged in the absence of such an amendment to enforce title 4 . parte
i would like to tell the commissioner that here there have been agreements which have clearly established two obligations on the part of both sides : the united states committed themselves to amending title 4 of the law and not to apply the law to european undertakings . interlocutori
kfor is doing its best in extremely difficult circumstances and it deserves , for example , all our support in trying to ensure that there is no repetition of the sort of atrocity against both sides that has unfortunately disfigured life in kosovo in the past . parti
there is currently a clear commitment on both sides to negotiate seriously with a view to the global agreement which should be reached soon , with a deadline in february . parti
it does not take much to realise , commissioner , that what we should have done was to use serious negotiations to bring moderate countries which do not use capital punishment over to our side , countries which had taken positions and which were sensitive regarding the preamble - i repeat , the preamble - based on an article in the united nations charter . parte
the meps of the greek communist party will be voting against the schwaiger report because it sides with monopoly capital in its attack on workers and the people of the world . schiera
the union ' s negotiators must be able to convince the other sides that the eu goal is not protectionism but the safeguarding of the welfare of the consumer . partner
as the other sides unfortunately lag far behind , the eu needs the backing of the ngos in its work to transform the wto into a sustainable organisation in the areas of the environment , health and social welfare . appoggio
no one can overlook the problems of strengthening the political side of europe and institutional change but , in addition to this , we have had to deal with the launch of the euro and the european central bank , the lesson to be learnt from kosovo , the widespread aspiration for a guaranteed area of security and justice and the disenchantment of too many european voters . trascurare
a split vote has been requested on recital c from our side , but looking at the voting papers , i think that a word may have been included that should not have been . parte
indeed , there is no doubt but that this compromise text , whose birth was so painful , will be subject to many pressures from the american side in the negotiations , even though the homogeneity of the union is only a façade , and the union has no legal arsenal available to it comparable with that in the hands of the united states , one that is likely , if necessary , to deter the american side . parte
as our chairman , mr pasqua , specified in the course of the general debate which took place during the part-session at the beginning of october , and as my colleague , mr berthu , has just mentioned , it is essential , before undertaking a new round of negotiations , to make a clear and specific assessment , one that is objective , and thus independent and takes into account the views of both sides , in order to determine the economic , social , environmental and food safety-related consequences of the previous agreements of the uruguay round . contraddittorio
here we see the dark side of the so-called global village of information technology . lati
as was already mentioned , it also has to do with the fact that we unfortunately have albanian politicians in kosovo who do not conduct policy that is geared to the future structure , but are working in a one-sided way according to which side they are on . parte
on the other side of the river is the european court of human rights , to which mr nikitin has appealed . parte
on the demand side , many sound initiatives have been developed . droga
but this serves little purpose if we continue to be blinkered regarding the supply side . offerta
that means that the aim should not be to run two parallel systems side by side , but to unite both of them in one system in the interests of efficiency . unificarli
mr president , on a point of order , or a point of concern almost , a number of members on this side of the house have noticed that you may have lost your jacket and on a snowy day can we offer you one of ours just in case you get cold . parte
the european shipbuilding industry is threatened from all sides . lato
on the enforcement side , the commissioner responsible for third pillar issues , namely internal policies , will use existing plans and programmes to make the forces of law and order aware of this anti-doping campaign . ambito
time and time again , human rights issues are pushed to one side or even considered to be counterproductive for irrelevant reasons . piano
there has been an effective moratorium in place since then with the result that 53 people who were defined as subject to what we would call cruel and inhuman punishment , have had their cases put on one side . definiremmo
false hope on both sides would , in any case make us fear for a speedy relapse into the old situation of " cold friendship " . NULL
we will try to facilitate the switch to the new currency in terms of cash by allowing the euro and national currencies to exist side by side for a few months . permettendone
solidarity cannot , by definition , be called for from one side alone , though . parte
i think the presence of a commissioner by the side of a man whose racist and xenophobic ideas are notorious is equivalent to an endorsement , and moreover an endorsement that is an infringement of article 13 of the treaty of amsterdam . fianco
perhaps it would be possible for the point to be set up on the other side , near the entrance . lato
on examining the report , it is striking that once again cases of mismanagement , irregularities and fraud are described , and that they occur in nearly all of the areas investigated , on both the revenue and expenditure sides . introiti
we can adopt it , put it to one side and everything will take its course . accantonarla
i should like to say - not because it is a commissioner from our side , i have expressed my thanks to enough commissioners from the other side - that mr kinnock conducted tough and prolonged negotiations and that a good result emerged from them . parte
mr president , hardworking finnish diplomacy has also endeavoured over the last six months to make progress on the employment and social side of the community . settore
as far as the small budgets are concerned , and here thanks go to mr virrankoski , we are on the safe side and everything is under control . virrankoski
the dialogue between the two sides of industry in the labour market must be extended to include the applicant states , and we want the committee of the regions to have the chance to develop a dialogue at local and regional level . NULL
this deployment will , in my opinion , prove to be much more effective and we in parliament should also make sure in future that the european side can influence the deployment of funds . parte
therefore , we need to proceed with the interventions in order to create a security framework between , on the one side , the new independent states , and on the other , the european union , so that we can establish ever greater peace and stability . lato
our local partners in cooperation must also be called on to commit to closer cooperation , and the commitments have to be kept on both sides . stipulati
an additional agreement is being concluded here merely to accommodate specific interests on the other side of the atlantic , one which may lead , inter alia , to delays in the process of establishing common standards , for example , because unanimity is required here . riva
as far as i can see , the decisive question is this : how can we inject new momentum into this process and encourage greater involvement on the part of this large contracting state on the other side of the atlantic ? atlantico
these words are used in the following question : did the fact that the wall came down , that the market took over and that we , as a result , seriously accepted the word mainstreaming in beijing , mean that men stepped - if not a little into the background - then at least a bit to the side , so surrendering a little power and being willing to take care of the children when they have the measles ? parte
to preserve confidentiality on all sides , the eib cannot make public documents and information it holds on borrowers or other agencies that are involved in the formulation and implementation of those projects sponsored by the bank without their express consent . parti
this will not affect the commitment on all sides to comply with the un peace plan for the western sahara . parti
all sides should work together in an atmosphere of cooperation built on trust and refrain from any action that could jeopardise finding a solution to the western sahara problem that is based on a respect for human rights and democracy . NULL
the council also reminded everyone that all sides in a conflict have to comply with international humanitarian law . parti
yet because we share the same aim , and because there is goodwill on both sides , i am confident that we will have an effective and efficient directive that will eventually be adopted . parti
unlike in the health sector , no side effects can be tolerated in agricultural applications . collaterale
we are pleased about the increased resources for dialogue between the two sides of industry , especially with a view to the importance of beginning to construct a well-functioning labour market in the applicant countries , with strong trade-union organisations and good social conditions . stanziate
the errors on the part of individual member states , and i would be most interested to know which member states , is only one side of the coin ; the irresponsible conduct on the part of the commission is the other . faccia
the paragraphs have different weights , legal texts are interpreted and the side which has more weight also has more merit . pagina
