it is impossible to talk about east timor without mentioning the tens of thousands of timorese refugees living on indonesian soil in inhumane conditions , under the control of indonesian soldiers and militias , and being used as bargaining chips . territorio
fertile soil for the growth of democracy in this war-ravaged part of europe is best provided through trade and economic integration . integrazione
the united states administration , the coal industry and all of us need to acquit ourselves of our responsibility and provide a sound alternative : either the soil is cleaned or the dineh indians are allocated a proper place where provision is made for all kinds of support , be it in the psychological , social , cultural or budgetary field . terre
the commission ' s proposal sets limit values for each member state with regard to certain kinds of interrelated emissions , which cause acidification , increased ozone in the inner atmosphere and soil eutrophication . terreno
please stop messing about with our gastronomic traditions , our quality products and our soil . smettetela
it is well known that the incineration of waste causes emissions of substances which seriously pollute the air , soil and water and which are therefore dangerous to health . suolo
the main objective is to limit emissions of acidifying and eutrophying pollutants and ozone precursors in order to improve the protection of the environment and human health against adverse effects from acidification , soil eutrophication and tropospheric ozone . suolo
finally , mr president , i would like to highlight the contribution of amendment no 10 , which proposes a new article 5a , defining the following criteria to be met by programmes or measures eligible for funding : that these programmes should foster sustainable , multifunctional farming ; they should serve to maintain or create jobs ; they should promote social and regional cohesion ; they should give a more prominent role to women and young people ; they should protect the environment and safeguard the water supply , air quality and soil quality ; they should treat agricultural suolo
nevertheless , i would like to make it clear that we have missed the opportunity to support a substantial , very arid area of southern europe , which has no other crop alternative for its soil . coltivazioni
the answer is in order to get used to lying in the soil . sottoterra
on the other hand , the values we subscribe to include respect for human dignity the world over and the right of european citizens to keep their roots in their native soil and in the culture of their upbringing . terra
mr president , is that the only way they can think of to sabotage our work here , by soiling the nest of so many other members who , just like me , are trying to do a decent job here today . bastoni
but this totally positive economic and social development in tunisia is precisely the best basis for developing democracy still further and fighting the fight against extremism on democratic soil . terreno
in the case of almonds , the cost difference is a result of the fact that in the european union they are produced in very difficult climate and soil conditions . terreno
the pressure of imports and the difficult climate and soil conditions demand , therefore , support for community nut production . terreno
everybody is aware of the important role played by the forests in all respects , both economic as well as ecological and social , and of their role in relation to soil protection , climate , water and flora and fauna , creating balances which are essential to the development of sustainable agriculture and for the management of rural areas . suolo
it transpired in the process that the will to turn this project into a success is present on all sides , and the impetus created by the eu has certainly found fertile soil . terreno
for example in relation to water , soil , our health , flora , fauna and indeed climate , it is extremely important that proper information is made available . disporre
the commission also has to determine whether the implementation of such a plan is liable to result in the radioactive contamination of the water , soil or airspace of another member state . terreno
moreover , without a compulsory second rear axle , they can destroy roads on soft soil , such as the dutch peat polders . terreno
mr president , we can only obtain safe and healthy food by taking account of the whole chain , that is to say the way in which we cultivate our crops , the soil we grow them in and the seed we use , as well as the conditions in which we breed our animals and the nutrition and water we give them . coltiva
i would also like to draw the commissioner ' s attention to the environmental significance of soil decontamination projects . suolo
i hope that not one single euro will go to the israeli army so that they can buy bullets to kill palestinian youths on their own soil . territori
the objective of this proposal , which aims to replace three directives relating to waste incineration , is to improve air , water and soil quality and human health by reducing emissions of pollutants linked to incineration and co-incineration , notably dioxins , furans and heavy metals . suolo
these instances include the ' pillow technique ' which led to the death of a female immigrant in belgium , the use of strong sedatives in spain , the transporting of immigrants in cramped conditions in the holds of ships in italy and spain , the tragic case of the 58 chinese immigrants found dead at the uk port of dover after they had been detained on a number of occasions on european soil , and the widespread use of various forms of coercion and intimidation against expelled immigrants . territorio
it is because of our firm commitment to step on the soil of european development that we wish to sign the association agreement with the european union as soon as possible , and use the provisions of the agreement to direct our political and economic recovery , and subsequent development , towards european integration . approdare
let the paduans now reclaim trojan soil , since antenor was once trojan ! suolo
i would just point out that not only was mr tsiakourmas abducted on soil belonging to the british bases , he was abducted and is being held by the military of a country which is a candidate for membership of the european union . perimetro
when that confirmation was given , unep carried out a mission to collect , for example , soil , water and vegetation samples in autumn last year . terreno
forests and seas are among the most important carbon sinks and stores , and it has also been seen that the ability of forest soil in the north to absorb carbon is even greater than that of trees . terreno
it was the first time in thirty years of conflict that a president-elect came face to face with the leaders of a guerrilla movement on colombian soil . suolo
our spanish neighbours -or at least those who are seeking solutions in colombia whilst denying them on european soil - certainly seem to be adopting the ' do as i say and not as i do ' approach . razzolano
it is very important that my colleague , mrs lucas , should have the opportunity in this house to raise the issue of whether her immunity extends to this case , given that there is serious doubt - already raised and tested in the scottish courts - about the lawfulness of the nuclear weapons kept on scottish soil . territorio
production , therefore , is determined by the small size of the holdings and the soil conditions which meet the specifications for this crop . pedologiche
the fact that large , old combustion plants are allowed to pollute 2 200 hours annually is unacceptable , as is the fact that it is permitted to exceed the emission limit values if the fuel , such as highly polluting brown coal , is extracted from the country ' s own soil . stesso
mr president , president of the commission , i agree totally with the previous speaker that acidification , eutrophication and the increase in ozone levels in the soil are problems we have to effectively address throughout europe . suolo
biotechnology offers major advances in the production of food in europe to the advantage of farmers and consumers alike and benefits those parts of the world which struggle against drought and saline soils and fast-increasing populations . suolo
so when shall we see an end to the expulsions , when will the situation of illegal immigrants living on european soil be regularised , and when will non-community foreigners have the right to vote in local elections ? territorio
the obligation to complement the growing of cereals with legumes and fodder crops in order to receive subsidies can thus contribute towards establishing ecological cycles and improving the soil . terreni
secondly , the committee itself reports that the desired restoration of the soil ' s fertility will be achieved by the cultivation of fodder legumes . suolo
without proper pre-treatment , the highly toxic components can contaminate soil and groundwater , as well as pollute the air . suolo
it seems to me that our policies will not bear fruit in the future unless we make a point of supporting the small and family-run farms , the protection of the landscape and environmentally beneficial soil cultivation , especially in ecologically sensitive areas , instead of pouring a considerable percentage of our financial resources into large farming businesses . suolo
i myself , as you know , have often stepped onto the soil of the united states , even if only on saturdays , when i left the cruise ship the oceanic , on which i had embarked as a crew member . suolo
the general tendency we have seen is an increase in the deterioration of non-coniferous species such as oak and beech and intense defoliation owing to the seriousness of atmospheric pollution , essentially in central europe , which also increases the acidity of the soil . suolo
atmospheric deposits cause serious concentrations of nitrates in the soil and increase the risk of drinking water pollution , thereby threatening the role played by forest soils in the filtration of water resources . suolo
on what data did the commission base its conclusion that the financial cost involved in a protein crop programme would outweigh the need to combat soil impoverishment , a serious degree of food dependence and increased use of gmos in europe ? terre
the honourable member invites me to dig deep into the soil of competence and its related terrain . addentrarmi
does a peasant farmer devastated by natural disasters such as drought , pests and soil erosion have the right to our assistance ? terreni
furthermore , pollution of marine or terrestrial origin is increasingly contaminating soil and drinking water resources . suolo
the uk also already ensures that any operations on uk soil are carried out with the full knowledge and consent of the uk government and are subject to uk law . territorio
after all , it is extremely simple to lay disinfectant mats and carry out standard soil checks in ports and airports in order to clamp down on the problem . terreni
i can remember a time , not so long ago , and i am not sure that this period is behind us , when the ' every man for himself ' mentality still prevailed and we accepted the presence of some organisations on our own soil on the condition that no action would be taken , even if this meant action would be carried out in a neighbouring country . territorio
acidification , ground-level ozone , and soil eutrophication are interconnected problems caused by emissions of sulphur dioxide , nitrogen oxide , volatile organic compounds and ammonia . suolo
at any rate , it means that millions of foreigners live on our soil permanently and illegally . territori
neither the contamination of the soil and of the water underground , nor the harm done to the health of the population are capable of being dealt with within the ukrainian budget , and it is in a situation like this that , for reasons beyond my understanding , aid from the eu runs out . suolo
mr president , despite all the fine words , i cannot shake off the impression that the laeken summit is actually intended to clean up the very soiled image of the belgian presidency , an attempt to brush successive howlers by the verhofstadt-michel government team under the carpet . offuscata
so we need to be certain that the food we eat has been grown in soil we can trust and the fertilisers added to it are known to be safe . terra
first , we are aware of the need for quality following the bse crisis and , secondly , we are aware of the need to be able to obtain healthy food from our own soil following the crisis on 11 september . terra
i can assure you that parliament 's recommendations will fall on good soil at the commission , as this cooperation between the institutions in the interests of europe 's fisheries , and for their benefit , must be carried on , and it will be . terreno
moreover , without a compulsory second rear axle , they can destroy roads on soft soil , such as in the peaty areas in the netherlands . cedevoli
the second tragedy is the landing of ships containing almost 1 000 kurds , including 360 children who were being used by the adults as shields , and the presence of further ships waiting to discharge their passengers on italian and european soil : further thousands of wretched people who include , moreover , common terrorists and criminals who have taken advantage of this historic exodus to hide among the crowd . territorio
we wish to establish harmonisation in the area of immigration and asylum , but only if this contributes to the development of the country of origin and ensures that migrants , on our soil , enjoy dignified and fair treatment which observes human rights and is based on equal rights . territorio
as regards rural development policy , which is cofinanced under the eaggf-guidance in the objective 1 region , the integrated operational programme for the canary islands on preserving the countryside and the agricultural economy includes action to prevent and correct soil erosion and work to prevent possible damage and restore and regenerate ecosystems . suolo
but the directive attacks every aspect of primary production - in other words , products of the soil , of stockfarming , of hunting and of fisheries - upon which it is seeking to impose a restrictive traceability system . terra
it has now been proved that these products , which contain the active substances imidacloprid and fipronil , have a damaging effect on the nervous systems of honey-gathering insects , not only on the crop which undergoes the seed treatment but also for subsequent crops in the rotation , since these systemic products persist for several years in harvesting residues which are ploughed into the soil and subsequently in humus . suolo
the reason for this improbable and tough provocation is the fact that the international criminal court will be based on european soil . territorio
it is equally important , however , that we pay full attention to soil , which is also a component of terrestrial ecosystems and a crucial factor in their sustainable development . suolo
soil also constitutes the world 's greatest reserve of biomass and this being the case , its protection in terms of co2 retention and also so that it can be harnessed in the long term . suolo
i cannot imagine that the commission and the council would accept that children would once again be used for manufacturing products for this world cup which will take place on european soil . territorio
in our view , european environmental policy should therefore aim to protect the entire creation , including the health of people , animals and plants and the quality of air , water and soil . suolo
rain has been on the increase due to global warming , the deforested soil is no longer able to retain the water and the river beds have become too narrow . terreni
we could not seriously , however , tell the world today that tomorrow we will be able to capture mullah omar or osama bin laden on babylonian soil . suolo
in conclusion , i would like to call for vigilance with regard to respect for the free movement of persons and equality of economic , social and political rights for algerian nationals on european soil . suolo
it is true that there are other motives for terrorist activity , of a political , nationalist or separatist nature , even on european soil , which we find equally repulsive but which are today , unfortunately , outweighed by this predominant form of terrorism , which is especially dangerous because it attacks anywhere , uses indiscriminate violence and believes itself to be unfettered by any moral or human constraint . territorio
without proper pre-treatment the highly toxic components can contaminate soil and ground water , as well as polluting the air . terreno
first of all , we would like to invite , to call on the lebanese government to ensure respect for the rights of refugees , migrants and asylum seekers , who are present on lebanese soil , and to cease all kinds of discriminatory measures in particular against palestinian refugees . territorio
the first are mr karas and mr obiols i germà , who both , in a way , asked us the same question : is it possible to seek , on a global scale , this domestication , this capitalist government that europe has cultivated on its own soil for over 200 years ? territorio
next , this agreement states that one of the principles on which it is based is sustainable development , while the mapuche territory is experiencing blind exploitation of its natural resources : deforestation and construction of dams that flood the ancestral soil , as a result of national hydrological plans . terre
establishing new activities to monitor the biodiversity of forests , soil , climate change and the setting of carbon in forests is an essential prerequisite for guaranteeing the conservation of our environmental heritage , which europe must jealously protect . suolo
the public associate the word ' pesticide ' with poisons in the soil , plants and food ; for many of them , who are at odds with farmers , it has become a rallying cry , but the reality is quite different . suolo
if he does come , if the bloodstained invader of iraq sets foot on the greek soil of freedom , he may be sure that he will never forget the reception which the greek people have in store for him , a peaceful reception of course , but with flag-waving and voices raised in song . suolo
the environmental stakes in this matter are high : the quality of water and soil is suffering badly from over-use of pesticides , frequently with tragic , and sometimes as yet unknown , repercussions for human health . terreno
mr president , i tabled question no 47 on the subject of the protection of dry walls , the low stone walls built on the greek islands to stop soil erosion . suolo
the amount of laundry and how soiled it is also affects dosage . sporcizia
the definition of gmo soil contamination is inappropriate in that it is part of a general definition which does not list all the sources of contamination . NULL
another positive aspect of the report by mr hernández mollar is that it emphasises that there are alternatives to the extradition of european nationals to the united states , particularly with regard to crimes committed on european soil . territorio
alfalfa , on the other hand , which accounts for over 80 % of the union 's dried fodder production , has exceptional qualities in two vital fields - soil renewal and savings on phytosanitary products . suolo
it ought to be possible to grow protein crops on all frozen land since europe is in deficit in them and growing vegetable protein is also beneficial for the quality of the soil and the environment and for the quality of animal feed . suolo
rice is cultivated on pathogenic soils in the ? u and greece for which it is difficult to find an alternative solution . suoli
otherwise there will still be pressure to supply food even more cheaply than the americans and other competitors outside the eu by further intensification , further exploitation of the soil and export subsidies . suolo
ever since human beings have tilled the soil , they have been practising genetic engineering without knowing it . terra
fire weakens the soil , and sooner or later the usual traditional storms , which we always expect on the mediterranean coasts in september and october , will arrive , taking advantage of this weakened soil to erode these areas even further . NULL
finally , i wish to emphasise the urgent need to stop soil erosion in island areas , such as the aegean , with an extensive drywall network conservation programme . suolo
the heavy rains have brought landslides and floods which have threatened to worsen the scale of the catastrophe , over and above the environmental consequences in terms of soil erosion , and the severe socio-economic problems experienced in areas of the interior of the country where woodland was the main source of economic activity . suolo
i nonetheless consider the new parts of the regulation concerning soil strategy and the monitoring of biodiversity to be issues for each and every member state . suolo
it also reveals lofty ambitions , aiming to embrace fields such as pollution , climate change , biodiversity , natural resources and soils . suolo
for our part , we can only hope so , but when , while watching french television last weekend , i again saw atlantic beaches soiled by oil slicks ( whether they came from the or from uncontrolled degassing on the high seas is not known ) , i said to myself that there is reason to question the effectiveness of the legislation we have been putting in place for four years . imbrattate
the estimate is that in ukraine there are perhaps up to 20 000 tonnes of these pesticides in 5000 locations and , as the honourable member knows , they can affect human health because of the contamination of groundwaters , soil , food and even air . suolo
would you agree with me that this tragedy , whilst clearly on british soil – or in british waters – is equally a european or international issue , and that we must work together to counter the international people-smuggling gangs that were exploiting these poor people who were being paid as little as one pound per day for their work ? suolo
there should be immediate removal of us nuclear weapons from european soil . territorio
. agriculture has a major impact on the climate , on soils , on biodiversity , on the balance of ecosystems and on landscape management ; in other words , there is strong environmental interaction . suolo
the aim of this proposal is to introduce eu-wide rules to prevent water and soil pollution from long-term storage of waste in tailings ponds or heaps . suolo
this can happen if it is incorrectly stored , if it is allowed to contaminate water resources , or in the case of soil acidification . suolo
nature ’ s own environmentally non-hazardous material , waste rock , cannot be waste , especially if it is still being used as filler material in mines and quarries , for soil improvement or road construction . suolo
in order to get at the material deeper below the surface , good soil , earth and overburden are removed , transported away and later tipped back onto the excavated sites , thus guaranteeing the return of fertile fields and meadows , in other words , that the earth will be as good as it was before . strato
this question is intrinsically linked with commonly used agricultural practices – the agricultural model – and with the environmental risks associated with using pesticides , particularly in soils and water . suolo
it was then a country with huge energy shortages , tremendous dislocation , soviet troops still on its soil and tremendous insecurity . territorio
shamil basayev , who planned and authorised the attack , is not a leader of the chechen independence movement , he is a murderer of children , an inhuman terrorist who has littered russian soil with innocent bodies . suolo
instead of containing terror , they have made it stronger and more dangerous ; they have spread hatred of the west throughout the islamic world and are in danger of embroiling the world in a clash of civilisations , which is the most fertile soil for fundamentalism . terreno
we are therefore calling for economic and political measures to be taken immediately , including the immediate suspension of the association and cooperation agreement with israel , in order to force the israeli government to stop the slaughter of the palestinian people , to withdraw the israeli occupying forces from palestinian soil , to demolish the wall of shame and to create an independent palestinian state with its capital in eastern jerusalem . territorio
according to that plan , the turkish occupying forces would be allowed to stay on cyprus and retain the right to carry out military exercises on cypriot soil . territorio
because the thunder of the guns broke the uneasy silence in ethiopia and eritrea , in the democratic republic of congo and burundi , in algeria and the côte d 'ivoire , in sudan and uganda , it has seemed to some that africa is defined by the chatter of the weapons of war rather than the striving for peace , exemplified by what the african peoples of south africa and rwanda have , within the last ten years , sought to do , to address some of the grossest injustices that have occurred on african soil or , indeed suolo
what with the disappearance of small to medium-sized farms due to the persistent injustices linked to subsidies ; trade wars that have little to do with the fair competition otherwise enjoined upon us ; the deterioration of the environment , including our soil and water ; and ever more standardised and artificial food , the cap has , in our view , a very great deal to answer for . terreni
we are on french soil but the relevance of french law is questionable , as we are endlessly reminded that eu law takes precedence over national law . suolo
indeed , it is unacceptable that , at the same time as it is applying to join the european union , not only does turkey not recognise a member state like cyprus but it even keeps thousands of troops on cypriot soil . suolo
in rosia montana , there is still the risk of a gold extraction project going ahead , which will use chemical substances capable of seriously polluting the soil and river water in the long term . falde
neither union carbide nor dow chemical nor the indian government are willing to produce sufficient compensation for the 20 000 or more people killed , for more than 100 000 people left with permanent injuries , or for cleaning up the contamination of soil and ground water . suolo
for example , we cannot avoid emphasising the recent revelation in italy that , in certain nato bases on italian soil , nuclear weapons belonging to the us are being stockpiled , unknown to residents in the vicinity . territorio
you enter a country , and when you are on its soil , you adopt its law . suolo
some reforesting that was carried out after the 2003 and 2004 fires has been lost for good due to the lack of humidity in the soil . suolo
we consider it vital , though , that different measuring methods be introduced in europe which reflect climatic and soil type differences . geologiche
the situation on clay soil is different from that on peat , or sandy soil , and one soil type can also differ from finland down to the heel of italy . suolo
but the essential points are that it does not take soil or climatic conditions into consideration and , most critically , that the goal of the nitrates directive should be defined at community level but not the mechanism to achieve that goal . geologiche
one of the exhibits informed me that there are 28 different soil groups all over europe and six of these soil groups are present in ireland . suolo
moreover , it is not just soil that matters ; it makes an important difference whether the area is grassland or ploughed land . suolo
i also reject the establishment of community standards to replace national thresholds with quality standards , since that would introduce a static element which is incompatible with the diversity of soils and waters in many european regions . suoli
furthermore , the farmers will be the main victims of these measures , because the tolerance levels of certain substances , in particular sulphates , which are generated by nature itself in many areas , depend on the characteristics of soils and crops , and there are examples of crops , such as rice , which endure higher levels of sulphates than other plant species . suolo
we must respect differences in climate and soil type . suolo
of course , when we talk of qualitative norms , the different natural characteristics of the soil and bodies of water must be taken into consideration . suolo
soil and subsoil types are important considerations in characterising the vulnerability of aquifers to contamination . suolo
the nitrates directive fails to take account of climate or soil conditions in member states . suolo
this is due both to agricultural traditions and consumer habits that go back many generations , and to poland ’ s poor and sandy soil , in which farmers can grow only rye and potatoes . sabbioso
after all , it has already been said in this meeting room that european union farmers from an old member state on the left bank of a river , farming under identical climatic and soil conditions , receive direct payments at the level of 400 euro , compared with only 50 euro received by farmers in a new member state on the opposite bank of the same river . geologiche
i am a child of the liberation , of a military invasion that liberated european soil and allowed my parents to have a child , a ‘ child of liberty ’ . suolo
we need to assess , moreover , whether vulnerable regions can truly hope for genuine development and whether they can attract european companies to relocate onto their soil . rilocalizzazione
let us not forget – and this is an important factor – that , in the future impact assessment , due weight will need to be given to the fact that it is , for example , the very olive groves and almond trees that are key factors in preventing desertification and preserving the scarce rain in our soil . terreno
finally , i would like to thank both the committee on the environment , public health and food safety and the council for their understanding , so that this proposal can provide for an analysis of soil erosion , since we must not forget the current significance of the progressive loss of soil throughout the european union , and i would also like to express my concern about the specific role that the european environment agency should play in terms of creating the infrastructure necessary for the correct application of our objectives , since i still have some doubts in suolo
the reclassification of disadvantaged regions , excluding the criterion of employment , makes a sitting target of the commission , which appears to be taking decisions solely on the basis of technocratic criteria , such as soil composition . suolo
i am talking about respect for human rights , for instance : the guantanamo affair is not an isolated case , as demonstrated , for example , by the abu ghraib situation – which absolutely no one has mentioned – and the kidnapping of free citizens , as documented by the major european newspapers , which was carried out by the us secret service on european union soil . territorio
the irish government is insisting that a network of waste incinerators , some for toxic waste , be created in my country , thus introducing an explosion of pahs into our water , air , soil , plants and into the cells of irish citizens where the benzenes and dioxins can wreak havoc . suolo
finally , the report fails to address the issue of a radical form of islam taking root on our soil , with all of the consequences that that entails for women ’ s rights , security and democracy . islamismo
the american invasion has turned the country into a training camp for terrorists from every corner of the world , and these have now only to wait for the opportunity to put their newly-acquired skills into practice on our soil . acquisite
it is fundamental that the eu and its member states need to focus on the problem of this type of waste and the protection of our environment via requirements on members states and their industries to have waste management plans ; to have inventories of closed waste facilities ; to make financial guarantees to national competent authorities for rehabilitation and post-clean up operations ; to apply monitoring and management controls to prevent water and soil pollution , all of which are consistent with the ‘ polluter pays ’ principle . suolo
freedom of religion can never be a licence for undermining our european society on european soil . territorio
london has been the latest victim on european soil , but iraq is a victim every day . terra
i am moved and grateful to note that both the european parliament and the european commission appreciate the significance of the events that took place on polish soil 25 years ago . terra
wine goes hand-in-hand with cuisine ; it is the mark of the region where it was produced , it carries the flavour of the cultivated soil and it is the symbol of festivity and of living together .  
mutual recognition of the geographical indications , that is to say the designation of the soil from which the wine is produced , will contribute to preserving our respective cultural identities , to boosting our trade with the united states but , above all , to encouraging european wine growers who , for years , have constantly improved the quality of their production in order to satisfy our demands , and serve our enjoyment , as consumers . terreno
according to these concerns , this agreement is in danger of further aggravating the crisis that is currently hitting the wine-producing sector and , in the long term , of destroying once and for all the individual nature of european wines , which are characterised by their traditional roots in the soil and by natural and quite specific wine-making practices . territorio
in particular , those like me who live on the most southerly patch of european soil , in the heart of the euro-afro-asian basin , are aware more than anyone else of the need to establish borders and boundaries in a spirit of peaceful coexistence . terra
in a period marked by islamic terrorism , where fundamentalist networks are being broken up in certain suburbs , and at a time when our republican laws and our principle of secularism are coming into conflict with the development of a radical kind of islam on our soil , how can europe take the responsibility of forcing upon europeans a country with an islamic government ? territorio
all of this was quite obvious , despite the balanced comments just made to us by mrs ferrero-waldner , who , in passing , given that she is speaking on french soil , could have spoken in french ; in any event , she is not listening to me , as she is well able to do . territorio
there is a similar reason , i suppose , as to why there is british soil in cyprus , or why there is – or has been until recently – french soil in faraway oceanic lands . territorio
i wish to hand this flag to you , mr president , and request that you send it to the turkish premier telling him that our patience has run out and that he must , without further delay or excuses , get his occupation troops off cypriot european union soil . territorio
summers have become warmer , winters have become rainy , river flows have dwindled , soil humidity has diminished and we have recorded more floods , as well as extreme droughts and hurricanes . suolo
incentives must be introduced for increased use of ‘ clean ’ technologies , and research and innovation to support sustainable energy and the sustainable management of soil use should be promoted at european level . suolo
by way of example , i should like to mention a very serious incident that took place only two days ago : in italy , a moroccan citizen , who was suspected of being a dangerous terrorist and had been subjected to two trials and acquitted both times , was expelled from italian soil because he was judged to be a threat to national security . territorio
if that is the case , if people are locked up , or transported illegally , on european soil without any judicial trial , then the eu ’ s very core values are at stake and the question arises of what we intend to do about it . territorio
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to inform minister alexander that today we are not talking about the fight against terrorism , but about hundreds of flights throughout europe , about kidnappings and torture carried out by the cia against european citizens or refugees , and about torture practised in prisons on european soil . territorio
that is why it is important that we in this house should get to the bottom of what has been going on and , without prejudice or prior judgment , but also without averting or shutting our eyes to the facts , should examine whether such things – ranging from abduction to torture – have been engaged in on european soil . territorio
we do not know with certainty : a ) if the usa or european countries run or used to run secret detention centres and where ; b ) if the usa have removed european citizens or other people from european soil in order to transfer them , interrogate them and , possibly , torture them ; c ) if european governments or authorities have tolerated or participated in such illegal activities . territorio
. i voted as i did on this resolution because , along with many concerned london constituents , i believe there should be an objective investigation of allegations , both of the alleged use of eu countries by the cia for the transportation of prisoners , and the alleged use of european soil for the illegal detention of prisoners . territorio
by voting in favour of this resolution , we are saying loud and clear that we wish to put a stop to the difference in treatment suffered by homosexuals on eu soil and to see them guaranteed the same rights . suolo
this kind of rehabilitation requires strict compliance with the legal provisions so as to preclude any soil or water pollution . terreno
it is displaying hypocritical concern about the infringement of human rights on european soil and trying to save the ' lost honour ' of the εu . suolo
the fact is that we are slowly but surely turning our backs on the gulf stream , our natural source of heating , and , every day , as we do so , ocean currents altered by global warming are robbing us of some 86 million tonnes of arable soil , some 225 000 more human beings are being born , and desertification proceeds at a headlong and ever-faster rate . terreni
moreover , the instrument should be based on the principle of reciprocity with regard to abuses that take place on eu soil as well as those abroad . territorio
in many cases , this energy can be generated locally , and the technology needed to do so – not least that using sun , wind , water , bio-mass and soil heat – has improved substantially . geotermica
mercury is classified as a priority hazardous substance under the water framework directive and also retards microbiological activity in soil . suolo
in the short term , we have to extend significantly the list of people not welcome on european union soil . suolo
mr president , i am including the parish report when i say that there are three things that europe needs to secure its future : firstly , a healthy environment , particularly in terms of air , water and soil ; secondly , healthy food and enough of it ; and , thirdly , energy . territorio
first and foremost , we need to widen the legal entry channels , turn the matter into a community one and amend the dublin ii agreements and , lastly , close all the administrative detention centres located on european soil . territorio
consumers in the producer country , in our case finland , will not enjoy any price advantage linked to the fact that our waterfalls are harnessed for the production of energy from the fishing industry and transport for that spent nuclear fuel is buried for all eternity in our soil . suolo
we cannot let a country that endorses those kinds of remarks by its president take part in an international sporting event on european soil . suolo
- the existence of a wide network of agricultural smes and an agricultural policy promoting more sustainable production methods , notably as regards water and soil use , is a vital precondition for fighting the effects of drought and forest fires ; terreni
a demos has a national identity which shapes the very soil from which democracy can grow and in which it can stand tall and survive trials and tribulations . terreno
the pictures from guantánamo and abu ghraib prison are emblematic of the victory and culture of terrorism over the rule of law ; they are a clear sign of the defeat of those who often declare that they want to fight terrorism , not least because those pictures shown on television around the world are the staff of life for extremist fundamentalism , as are the secret prisons or the kidnappings carried out by cia secret agents on european soil . territorio
i should also like to come back to what mr mulder said about our requiring comparable standards in europe , not necessarily standards like those in germany or the netherlands but standards which ensure that comparable rules apply to all clay soils and to all sandy soils . argillosi
to this is added the economic cost of flooded farms , costs associated with damage to transport networks and the environmental cost of chemical contamination , the flooding of landfill sites and soil erosion . suolo
recently , the european community signed the protocols on soil protection , energy and tourism , and they now need to be ratified . suolo
furthermore , amendment 36 , which removes the exemption of farming soils as regards the thresholds for compliance with the values established for nitrates , is of particular importance , as it ensures consistency with the objectives of protection and quality . terreni
we must therefore demand a fair trial on united states soil for each person being held at guantanamo . territorio
people on european soil have the right to live free from violence ; they have the right to live in peace ; and that , i believe , is unequivocal . suolo
the states must mobilise themselves against the hate that is re-emerging on their soil . suolo
we are all aware of the origin and the raison d ’ être of the european union , which is founded upon the same moral strength as that spanish constitution , the moral strength of people joining together , the moral strength of unity , so that our recent past will not repeat itself , so that no more world wars will emerge on european soil , no more wars , no more dictatorships , no more communist regimes and no more civil wars like the one we suffered in spain . suolo
do you not believe that , while respecting the competition rules , it is the duty of the commission and of the european union to impose common minimum rules on businesses operating on eu soil , and , while i am not saying that it would be a perfect solution , i am specifically thinking of company tax harmonisation ? territorio
there is an urgent need for the european union to stem the brain drain effectively and to put in place all appropriate measures to attract excellence to eu soil . territorio
in connection with our complaints about these analytical weaknesses , we are concerned by the fact that industrial policy is determined by high level groups that have recently been springing like weeds from the soil of brussels but that are dominated by a few large industrial companies . funghi
thus there is general acceptance in the union of the principle that a member state need not take delivery against its will of spent fuel from other countries for disposal in its own soil . stoccati
because , according to the community treaties , goods must be allowed to move freely within the union , the member states should not be accorded the right in the union ’ s primary legislation to ban the importation from other countries of nuclear spent fuel when it is storing its own nuclear spent waste in its own soil . stoccano
one of the most noteworthy contributions made by the rapporteur in substantially improving the commission ’ s position is his stance in firmly establishing the right of every country to prohibit foreign nuclear spent fuel from being finally stored in repositories in or on its soil . territorio
we also find ourselves facing the question that the governments in the eu must answer , namely that as to precisely what a secret service – which is what the cia is , albeit one from a friendly state – is permitted to do on our soil , and in what manner it may act . territorio
furthermore , control of air space and airport facilities needs to be stepped up , the democratic control of the activities of the secret services should be strengthened , as mr frattini said , and the activities of foreign secret services on european soil needs to be more closely monitored . territorio
if we allow these things to happen on european soil , we betray those who set out to achieve european integration . territorio
after the clandestine flights , the abduction of european citizens rightly or wrongly under suspicion and the illegal transfers of prisoners using aircraft landing on european soil , we now learn that , friend of ours though it may be , a power in alliance with ourselves has been rooting around in our bank accounts . suolo
what he is proposing is tantamount to across-the-board , institutionalised bias towards non-europeans , and a form of discrimination against europeans on their own soil , which is accompanied , financially speaking , by a kind of marshall plan for what he calls the ‘ 26th state of the union ’ and , politically speaking , by the unilateral granting of rights that ought only to be for nationals of a state . suolo
mr president , the union for europe of the nations group requested an oral question in the debate on forced labour camps on italian soil whose inmates included polish nationals . situati
- secondly , we need direct protection from the risk so that the soil is not washed away ; terreno
the victims need immediate compensation and the burnt areas need immediate – i repeat immediate – protection against the risk of the soil being washed away . suolo
it is essential to have a list of substances whose use is permitted in organic agriculture , such as plant protection substances , fertilisers , substances used to improve soil quality , enhancers and substances used in processing . suolo
the resolutions take up the idea , shared by mr sarkozy , of the complete abolition of unanimous voting in the field of justice and home affairs , that is to say the complete abolition of the member states ’ sovereignty on their own soil . territorio
the available know-how must be deployed to ensure that the quality of water , air and soil undergoes constant systematic improvement , not only in western europe but in the east too . suolo
well , with regard to nuclear safety there has been considerable progress since 1986 , especially in alleviating the effects of possible accidents , reactor safety and the prevention of the occurrence of future accidents and a better understanding of the effects of radiation on humans and their treatment , and mechanisms for radionuclide movements in soil and biota . terra
it is unacceptable that this movement is allowed to wage such acts of aggression from lebanese soil . territorio
i think it is very important that we should now demand that israel must stop its activities immediately and that the stage should be set for a dialogue between syria , lebanon and israel , leading on the one hand to a total cessation of terrorist acts by hizbollah from lebanese soil and on the other hand to the complete withdrawal of israel from lebanese territory . territorio
an additional problem lies in the restricted territory of ceuta and its soil and climatic features which make the development of farming impossible . suolo
madam president , i think that all members will have read in their respective national presses the decision by the us administration to ban from american soil a canadian company in application of the helms-burton act reinforcing the embargo against cuba . territorio
after all , fodder is in short supply in the eu , and it should be grown in a way that makes crop rotation more ecologically acceptable , by increasing the soil 's nitrogen content by growing pulses and clover / grass leys , thereby reducing the use of chemical fertilizers . ecologizzazione
it means sensible environmental measures , encouraged by new and sufficiently incentivising community aid which , in practice , have the effect of protecting the rural landscape , the soils and the farmed land . suoli
but it can happen that , in some water , soil colloids produce readings which are higher than those indicated in the report . suolo
i believe that the only honest approach to such directives and limit values for drinking water is to avoid every kind of substance that can find its way into the water from the air or the soil . suolo
that is not european money being spent simply on people and places far away , rather it is money spent to make absolutely sure that our children will not be engaged in a long and bloody conflict for the next generation on european soil . territorio
let us support the european development fund , phare and tacis , and let us also support the meda programme , because they represent a variety of forms of economic aid to support democracy which will enable people to live happily on their native soil . terra
we must begin with shell in nigeria , where the soil is contaminated , with the community importers of rainforest products who are polluting drinking water , with energy production and vehicle production . suolo
between madrid and oslo , we finally became convinced that the fragile shoots of peace had finally taken root in palestinian soil . terra
we know that the use of genetic engineering can also help to reduce the amount of pesticides used as well as the use of fertilizers , and this in turn would bring environmental advantages , in the shape of improved soil and water quality . terreno
in this context let me also point out that we once had an eu research project aimed at developing plants which , firstly , could decontaminate the soil , which would be particularly important for industrial land and land near motorways , and secondly , could later be used to produce electricity in special turbines . suolo
in fact if they are also included in these promotional activities then , as can be seen in other areas , in the end they will not be promoted because of the concentration on the best soils and will be left standing empty-handed . fertili
once again , an act of barbarism has been committed on european soil . territorio
the serbian government 's decision to declare the municipal elections void and the reaction to that decision make it essential to find a solution of the issue within the scope of serbian law and order and the specific choices of its political forces , to highlight the real problems faced by serbs and free them from the present situation , which is creating fertile soil for any who are scheming against the rights of serbia and its people , and to back its struggle for peace in the area , democracy and social prosperity . terreno
because i think that beneath the soil of the caucasus lies a product which interests the whole world , and that is important for stability . giace
it would therefore seem that , for products of the soil , the great single market is not bringing anything new . parrebbe
it has , to put it bluntly , been developed on the belief that plants , animals and the soil can be treated as dead material . terra
the council must bring forward initiatives which foster understanding and dialogue between the political and democratic forces in that country and cooperate in the fight against terrorism , which is unfortunately being transmitted to our own european soil . stesso
having said that , are we in this house at last going to attack the real problems that fertilize the soil for extremism - are we going to attack unemployment , the ravages of unrestricted free enterprise and their disastrous effects on the social fabric ? estremismi
as far as i am concerned , i still reject a general policy - a suicidal policy for europe 's wine-growers - designed to control production by permanent abandonment with all its familiar effects on the countryside in wine-growing areas , on soil erosion , on the abandonment of the land resulting in economic decline , rural exodus and youth unemployment , not to mention the lost means of production for the world market . suolo
the results are ineffectual antibiotics , increasing allergies and chemical-contaminated soil . allergie
it has no negative effects on the environment and its production , linked to the soil , avoids over production in equal farmed areas . terra
the content of the proposals defines the basic criteria for animal organic production , such as its link to the soil , specific rules of the main parameters conditioning animal rearing , such as the origin of animals , the arrangements for converting production centres to organic farming , animal foodstuffs , disease prevention and veterinary care , as well as the housing and maintenance conditions of animals . condizionano
in belarus today we have a regime on european soil , led by president lukashenko , which on the one hand is a russian puppet and on the other hand is certainly not based on a free democratic order or anything of the sort . territorio
protecting life means finding new types of crops that are more economical with our soils and require fewer fertilizers and pesticides . terreni
in terms of proportion , how can possible obstacles to freedom of movement or even intimidation compare with the thousands of appallingly mutilated bodies littering the soil of algeria ? suolo
the following conditions would have to be met : reusable hop-growing facilities must be maintained in good condition ; the areas must be given permanent grass cover to improve soil fertility ; and the areas under hops must not be extended to include other farmland . suolo
this gives a privileged place to management of exceptional floods and risk situations resulting from the aridity of soils . terreni
let us allow an accountable mechanism to direct the evolution and the life of our soil . terre
you would eliminate another quarter if your farming and your forestry practices took carbon out of the air and put it back in the soil and the plants , where it should be . suolo
she tills the soil , fetches water , cooks food and has need of money for the children 's schooling , medicines , tea , sugar , bus fares and shoes for the older children . terra
firstly , from the environmental viewpoint , the use of varieties which genetic alteration has made more resistant to soil-borne and air-borne diseases has drastically reduced the need for herbicides , fungicides and other chemical plant protection product which leave very damaging residues in the soil . suolo
thirdly , genetic engineering is achieving , in a very short period , even better results than plant breeders could achieve through conventional propagation and crossing methods over years of trials , thus enhancing food values , proteins , starches , oil contents and yields and , most importantly , offering the prospect of better uptake of soil nutrients , thus requiring less fertilizer . nutritive
the biocides directive will provide more safety because it will be easier for citizens to handle these chemicals correctly , and water and soil should also be positively affected by the environmental protection which will come into effect . terra
tony blair will be chairing the second asia-europe meeting in london in april , the first such summit with asia on european soil and an important milestone in our relations with asia . territorio
if we had not confined ourselves to pious words when the bombing of whole villages and the annihilation of a nation began at the iraq-turkey frontier and on iraqi soil , europe would perhaps not now be facing another flood of immigrants from the east . pii
we all know that they share certain common characteristics : despite their variety and individuality , mountain regions have natural disadvantages caused by their climates and the composition of their soil . territorio
we must support the use of landside waste , for example , as a source of energy or soil improvement agent , but at the same time new technology must be developed to ensure that the process will not harm the environment or health . fertilizzanti
landfill can be a useful means for the disposal of waste but it must be properly regulated in order to avoid water , soil and air pollution . suolo
it is not just a question of accidents associated with the entering or leaving of ports but of the broadest possible measures to avert risks , even if it is only territorial waters which are affected , because experiences in recent years show that there really can be problems on european soil without a ship having initially entered a european port . territorio
batom mitee continues to be refused visits from his family or any medical care and yet he is paralysed on his left side , cannot stand or eat unaided and has lived in the same soiled clothing for over three months . luridi
yet the foundations upon which the states in the european union have been building their community for almost a half century , and the soil in which it will thrive derive from something which has linked the peoples on this continent for several thousand years : their common culture . terreno
the soil is becoming acidic , and i would especially like to remind the commissioner that the more stringent limit values achieved in the northern regions , in finland , in sweden and in austria must be allowed to be maintained , and the eu should impose the same limits on other countries too . NULL
the commission has tried to find compromise solutions many times , but these have not fallen on good soil . riscontro
the approach to research through biotechnology will also give us seeds and plants with the ability to survive and produce in arid , infertile areas with above normal temperatures and shallow soils . fertili
firstly , the regions of europe where potatoes for starch production are grown generally have soil that is not very fertile . terreni
obviously , the consequences of the american model are well known in comparison with our own : soil destruction , ground water pollution , contamination , mad cow disease and alienation . monsanto and pioneer , in the name of patent rights , even want to transform american farmers into workers who no longer have the right to re-use seeds . suolo
lebanon has suffered from the presence of hundreds of thousands of palestinians on its soil who were thrown out by israel and who quickly evolved from welcome refugees into revolutionary conquerors of the host country . suolo
but is there not sometimes a sort of subtle and objective complicity between hafez el-assad 's syria and israel to keep up a war on lebanese soil , which both regimes perhaps have need of , in order to assure their domestic stability or to request ever more international military aid . suolo
it is said that the chadian soil reeks of petroleum . suolo
it fosters a culture of ingenuity and solidarity , whilst at the same time it nurtures the soil in which all manner of shady deals find sustenance . terreni
strangely , europe seems to have wanted to stop the clock of history at nuremberg , as if since then european soil has not absorbed the innocent blood of hundreds of thousands of victims - women , children , civilians - while many of those responsible continue to run free and unpunished , even receiving honours and respect , including from that official europe which has so far limited itself to occasional verbal condemnations . suolo
in agriculture , it is an accepted fact that a quantity of nutrients must be put back into the soil equivalent to the quantity removed through farming . terra
the hundreds of thousands of world cup fans now heading home have the same rights and responsibilities , on european soil , to the highest standards of health protection , whether they come from germany , jamaica or wherever . territorio
by saying these words on german soil , he is consciously seeking to provoke the european democrats ! suolo
the point of adding fertiliser is to make the soil more fruitful ; implicit in this is that one must not add more fertiliser than the crops can absorb . spandere
in some areas of normandy , where i live , soil erosion sweeps away up to twenty tonnes of humus per hectare per year . suolo
the problem is a completely different one in that , when we spread nitrates on the soil , we do so in the summer when there is a smaller chance of polluting the groundwater . terreno
to give you a recent example : the union gives subsidies to sheep farmers in crete , which leads to overgrazing and soil erosion , with terrible consequences for biodiversity . suolo
the reasonable , but unfulfilled , expectations of many of our citizens that we should never again witness on european soil what we see in kosovo undermines the credibility of the european union . minata
i would just remind you of some of the reasons why : altitude , first and foremost , gradients which make it hard to use mechanised farming methods , land fragmentation , poor soil fertility , depopulation and the ageing of the resident population , difficulties for communications and transport , remoteness from centres of habitation , constant environmental risks - making it difficult to plan for the future - and the need for basic infrastructures , roads , schools and general services . terreno
secondly , because the programme has been monitored , we now have concrete evidence that successes have undoubtedly been achieved through our environmental measures in cutting back on the quantities of nutrients introduced into the soil and in protecting the natural world . fertilizzanti
over the next few months , we shall be looking in detail at all the problems associated with agenda 2000 - and whether the 80 / 20 ratio is fair or not , i think it is inevitable that some sectors will always receive more than others , because some sectors will always be close to the soil . terra
it is important for farmers and foresters to be able to maintain their livelihoods when soil conditions change . terreni
as for agriculture , integration measures have already been decided in the areas of landscape , biodiversity , water , soil and clean air . suolo
the countryside , the people , nature , the soil and water are all resources that europe should be using sensibly . terra
following discussions and votes in committee , a compromise was found in this area to allow the southern member states to use methyl bromide for longer in soil fumigation . terreni
how can they compete against countries from which we import products which are not ecological , not produced by poor farmers but by the worst and most appallingly intensive exploitation of the soil and animals ? terra
abandoned and often disintegrating nuclear submarines have become a danger to the seas , former barracks have left a legacy of oil-polluted soil . terra
we shall also be focusing on soil erosion , lack of natural resources , transfrontier problems regarding the destruction of forests and biological diversity and the security problems which could follow as a result . terreno
i would point out that a quality rotation crop means that wheat on wheat rotations for the soil can be avoided . suolo
all farmers know that the absence of a rotation crop reduces the quality of the soil and obliges them to increase the use of fertilisers and phytosanitary products . impoverisce
the risks of soil and water pollution remain very considerable , especially in the long term . NULL
the release of dangerous substances into the soil and groundwater places an excessive burden on the environment and on public health . terreno
' hopes that the joining of macao to china will comply on all points with the agreement of 13 april 1987 and enable it to develop a democratic and prosperous society on its own soil ; ' territorio
i believe it is very important to do what parliament is doing today , to hold a mirror in front of the americans and to tell them that , if they must try to force their values on everyone else , they should also acknowledge that there are sections of the population of their own country - some of them native americans - who may have other ideals in some respects , a different bond with their own country , with their own native soil , than the americans who arrived later . terra
the violent disputes that are now occurring on european soil make no difference here . modificano
as regards the first issue , the commission seems to be unaware of the particular conditions of production in the specific regions where these varieties are grown , since it is proposing the substitution of certain varieties , such as black tobacco , in soil where their cultivation is simply impossible . terreni
as regards the second issue , the introduction of the katerini variety into italy will affect the operation of the market both in terms of prices and stocks , since it will have a negative impact on the balance of supply and demand , and in terms of the quality of this variety of tobacco , since the soil and climatic conditions of the new producer regions are totally different from the regions where it has been grown for the last 30 years . geoclimatiche
france , germany , belgium and austria are not countries so poor or with soil so poor that no other crops can grow there . terreni
the european union can use its policy as a means of ensuring that the people of that region are able to focus their lives on their homeland and to live on their native soil where they feel at home .  
some time ago , parliament approved another report concerning future strategies for dealing with the acidification of soil and water . terreno
in your collective overview which , in my view , was given in accordance with the rules of procedure , which you have always strictly abided by and respected , thereby setting us an example to follow , you should have included the fact that this parliament is coming to the end of its term of office and that it was unable to prevent war taking place on european soil . suolo
faced with the initial proposals to strengthen the link between agriculture and the environment in order to put an end to certain problems that have emerged , such as soil and water deterioration , attacks on biodiversity and so on , the commission is proposing in the horizontal regulation that it should be the member states who define the compulsory and general environmental standards and determine the penalties to be applied , thereby avoiding any community focus . terreni
will it be investigated where emissions accumulate from incineration plants , where other dioxin emissions can be found which are present in the soil and in the grass which is eaten by animals ? terreno
the simple fact that it does not envisage regularisation of all people living and working on european soil without proper papers should explain why i have voted this way . territorio
similarly the beautiful cream coloured carpets used in some of the committee rooms i predict will be irreversibly stained and soiled within 3 months and rendered unusable , making it a very poor and impractical choice of colour and ultimately a waste of resources . inutilizzabile
we are first of all asking for a list of all the toxic substances which can contaminate our food through pollution , be it of air , water , or soil . suolo
most importantly , this year we have had to experience a war on european soil necessitated by the most atrocious violations of human rights and by a policy of expulsion and ethnic cleansing on the part of the milosevic regime ; a policy which could not be tolerated by a democratic europe and by a democratic international community committed to human rights . territorio
europe has a duty to offer the same guarantees to all individuals resident on european soil . territorio
it was thought that the disease was transmitted from mother to calf , and there is undoubtedly a third means of transmission perhaps through scrapie , through the soil or through fodder . suolo
to ensure that adequate consideration is given to this unresolved problem in the text of the proposal , the council is trying to reach agreement on the incorporation of a new point 7 . this will contain the external characteristics which must be satisfied , for their marketing in the mediterranean areas of the community , by the forest species best adapted to the difficult soil and climate conditions of these areas . suolo
this shows that the disease can be transmitted through fodder or grass and might mean that your soil is blighted forever and should not be used for breeding cattle . terre
