but , secondly , the projects will put a strain on , indeed will be injurious to , the national democracies . mutilanti
it is therefore crucial for the commission to earmark sufficient funding to support the development of an effective vaccine against the european strain of isa . ceppo
even as a new member of this parliament , i am feeling the strain of the lengthy discussions on this topic and i cannot shake off the impression that chocolate has generated anything but a pleasurable experience in this parliament . protratta
subject : environmental threats facing europe the recent leak of cyanogen into the river danube has revealed the existence of hidden environmental threats which could imperil the whole of europe , while a report by the european environment agency predicts that during the first decade of the 21st century the production of paper , glass and plastic waste will increase by 40 to 60 % , emissions of cadmium and mercury will rise by 20 to 30 % , and waste management will place a strain on the environment with heavy metals , gases and other toxic substances combining to ignote
this would relieve pressure on the brenner motorway , which is under great strain and also causing a few problems of a socio-political nature , and would also free it up for private vehicles and local heavy goods traffic . congestionata
one per cent of the gdp per annum is too much of a strain for my country . sforzo
it is little wonder that bmw blames the rover decision directly on uk government economic policy , but that i fear is little comfort to the thousands of workers in rover who have strained to improve the efficiency of the company only to find that their efforts have been undermined in downing street . rover
i would also like to say - and this is an important point that also concerns the overall framework of relations between the european union and countries in south-east asia , and acts as an element of cumulative pressure - that relations between the european union and asean have , since 1998 , been through a rather strained period , precisely because of the problems resulting from burma ' s membership of that organisation . burrascoso
doing so will , in fact , put a big strain on alcohol policy which is based entirely upon high prices for consumers , that is to say a high tax on alcohol .  
mr president , mr president-in-office , mr commissioner , i really wish with all my heart - given my political views - that the portuguese had had an easier presidency , a presidency without the strains caused by the bilateral sanctions imposed on the federal austrian government and therefore on my country . tensioni
i hope you will convey this to our french president and tell her that our having to meet here in strasbourg is almost intolerable and a constant strain . peso
secondly , a large number of small projects are implemented under the anti-drugs programme , placing additional strain on the already limited human resources at our disposal . sforzo
particularly where families with children are concerned , air travel offers the quickest means of getting away to the sun , and the one which puts least strain on the nerves . stressante
there have been strains but , on the whole , peace and trade have established a closer association between people , now further consolidated by means of the currency union . commerci
the argument that this will allow new services to develop does not stand up , given that these services can be developed by the telecommunications organisations equally well and , without the strain of having to make huge profits , certainly more cheaply . gravati
by concentrating on coordinating the policies defined in this context and applied by the member states , and in particular by a commitment to lowering all the technical and administrative barriers that place needless strain on business progress , that approach would find consummate expression . magistrale
i should like to mention a number of economic criteria , such as the high rate of inflation which was over 100 % and which is still over 50 % , the high national debt as the result of the strain on the national budget from military expenditure and the military conflict with the pkk , high real interest rates , the continuing predominance of the public sector , huge regional differences in turkey , a prosperity differential within turkey of 1 : 10 , which the european union will never be able to bring under control , different educational gravano
the less we do and the longer we wait to tackle the root of the problem , the more serious the effects and the greater the strain on the resilience of peoples , plants and animals . radice
this experience will provide us with the opportunity to develop our own policies in such a way , despite mr van orden 's fears , that we do not unnecessarily antagonise our us allies or cause stresses and strains within nato itself . dissapori
compared to road tolls , those on the railways are still too high with a concomitant strain on operating costs . gravato
mr president , commissioner , have you enough vaccine for this special strain , should the worst case scenario in fact occur ? worst
this aggravates the long-term strain on the pension systems . pressione
we need an impartial study to be undertaken on the adverse effects of pvc , in order to be able to prevent a strain on the ecosystems and a deterioration in people ' s health . ecosistema
as the disease is not endemic in the eu , the selection of the appropriate vaccine strain would be a pure lottery . ceppo
i believe that the current situation is putting untold emotional and psychological strain on farmers . esasperando
relations between the european union and the undemocratic government in belarus are strained . intrattiene
in my opinion , attention should be paid to ensuring that livelihoods are not put at risk , because this would , of course , be an enormous strain on the workers in these businesses , but also for the entrepreneurs who want to cease trading . onere
if we were to vaccinate all of the animals in the european union that are susceptible to foot-and-mouth disease , this would result in vaccinations being administered to 300 million animals every six months against seven different strains . ceppi
however , there are specific technical regulations which control the use of gillnets for hake fishing or which specifically aim to limit the strain on fish which this type of equipment causes , e.g. limits to the number of nets , the length of the nets or the time they are allowed to be left in the water . sforzo
i do not want to find myself in that kind of situation again , because it was clearly me who was taking the strain . duro
the strain on the europeans will be greater . sforzo
but i also want to make clear that it is not the expenditure on commission reform that is putting a strain on the financial framework here . gravare
in addition , further measures proposed and the demands of other institutions have put a large strain on the funds required for the balance of category 5 , hence our concern . gravato
typical work is causing stresses and strains which are being reflected in this kind of activity , so i support the call by the rapporteur for a communication from the commission by next year and a programme of action by the commission by the end of next year . NULL
the strain of the situation , however , should not lead us to justify greater public intervention or , as the president-in-office of the council has said very correctly , to abandon or lose sight of the need to continue with the structural reforms which the european economy still needs if it is really going to be competitive on an international level . aggravamento
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the arbitrary arrest of a member of the european parliament and a number of his fellow campaigners in vientiane has put a severe strain on relations between the european union and laos . ventiane
embryo research is not possible without women 's egg cells being made available , and the donation of egg cells puts a woman under great strain and at medical risk . gravosa
this year , it has emerged that the economic situation has , perhaps , been a little more strained than we had previously believed . credessimo
so if , in future , the commission or the agencies , as the case may be , come wanting more resources , then heading 3 will not be able to take the strain . saltare
if indonesia wishes to retain its respectable and important position , the present government really must call a halt to this violence and the european union must make it clear to indonesia that political murders and violence are not acceptable ; otherwise the relationship between the european union and indonesia will in my view be put under strain . repentaglio
the two draft procurement directives must therefore make it possible for local authorities , county councils and state authorities to procure goods and services in such a way that there are minimal strains upon the environment . contenere
state aid granted on a large scale , often for shortsighted reasons , has for a long time been a strain on the purse of the european taxpayer and has slowed down the reorganisation of the economic structures of our member states . pesato
but others in this house are straining to carve a new and retrograde path in the social field . imboccare
mr president , mr president-in-office , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in recent years , transatlantic trade relations have often come under strain . sobbarcarci
in that sense , this agreement buttresses the economy in those regions and also gives a structural impulse to the european fisheries industry , which is already under strain . tormentato
mugabe personifies all the most negative strains in african development : corrupt and authoritarian power with state leaders lining their pockets at the expense of the people , racial division , the exploitation of envy , political violence and economic backwardness . statali
another conflict is also placing strain on this partnership , and on relations with north africa , in particular , and that is the conflict in the western sahara . incombe
indeed , the new irish president of the european parliament , patrick cox , has recently stated that he personally intended to conduct a ' yes ' campaign , thus placing the code of ethics relating to his position under significant strain . patrick
a negative scenario would see the european union 's relationship with russia under great strain , with both sides having failed an important test of their ability to cooperate and prevent crises in accordance with the partnership agreement . penalizzato
otherwise , we shall strain at a gnat and swallow a camel and public health will suffer as a result . pagliuzza
what is more , the environment has now disappeared from the public eye , and hence the political eye , while the strain on the environment has only increased . pressione
does the commission proposal put the present member states under excessive financial strain ? sforzo
given the particular sensitivity of this subject , the adoption of the report will provoke a negative response in the candidate countries towards the enlargement process and put it under unnecessary strain . gravare
for the worse because , in effect , the situation at international level is becoming strained , and for the better because iraq has unconditionally agreed to the un inspections . intensificate
equally , in relation to repetitive strain injuries , i hope it will revisit the display screen directive - the directive does not even mention the computer mouse - and the directive on manual handling . ripetitivi
this covers aspects that involve organisations , and aspects that can also have repercussions at a later date in the form of repetitive strain injury , stress or numerous other forms of non-well-being . ripetitivi
i should like to ask you whether it might not be possible , in the long term , to find a diplomatic solution to the name issue , because it certainly places a strain on this country , which , while it may not threaten its existence , does have profound psychological consequences . minacciandone
the eu should also support cross-border regional cooperation , above all between countries that have previously been in conflict with one another or that have strained relations . tesi
generally speaking , one cannot assume that a single vaccine exists that will offer protection against the hundred or so different foot and mouth disease strains that are found . ceppi
the problem here is that - much as with influenza - vaccination only works if the vaccination is derived largely from the same strain as the disease . ceppo
there is little point in prophylactic vaccination against virus strains , as it is impossible to know in advance which actual fmd virus is being brought in . ceppi
what does make sense , on the contrary , is what is advocated in the report - the carrying-out of emergency vaccination in the event of an epidemic , which of course presupposes that it is possible to ascertain rapidly the actual strain of the disease involved . ceppo
mr president , we are now destined to live under the constant threat of further outbreaks of foot and mouth disease , as new strains are constantly coming to the fore . ceppi
there will be reverses that will place this commitment under severe strain . dura
an ageing population creates a strain on the economy to provide pensions and a social safety net . pressioni
they want more training and can take the strain . maniche
hundreds of billions in paying off goodwill are putting a serious strain on business and are hampering recovery . plusvalenze
i think it would be a mistake not to recognise that relations have been particularly strained recently , especially over the question of iraq . tesi
there may previously have been other reasons , such as kyoto , the international criminal court and so on , but the question of iraq has put relations under a great deal of strain . tensioni
some may wonder what we are letting ourselves in for , and others whether the union will be put under too great a strain . guadagniamo
now , and i quote , europe has been suffering for many months from orthomyxovirus strains causing - i repeat , which are currently causing , in other words this is happening right now , president-in-office of the council - extremely dangerous centres of avian influenza . ceppi
that we are emerging from a period of strain in the transatlantic relationship is not in dispute . tensioni
this way companies that have opted in will not be under strain . pressione
however , i hope you agree that the spending you propose on tens and on defence must be compatible with member states ' commitments under the stability pact , which is already under great strain . pressioni
given the growing strains between america and some countries in recent times , we are looking to you to take this priority forward as a high priority . tensioni
if , clearly , the budget made available for this new instrument must not in any way put a strain on the budgets for the existing programmes , it remains no less the case that the budgets initially provided for by the commission ( eur 200 million ) and by the council ( eur 180 million ) are far too niggardly to give full scope to this new instrument of exchange and cooperation within the field of higher education . gravare
i hope that what was said today was partly due to exceptional emotional strain and that , in the next few hours , everyone will go back to the job they were appointed to do . tensione
countries which operate a responsible policy in the good times could benefit from more flexibility in bad times to let borrowing take the strain . indebitamento
we cannot provide passengers with better service by increasing legislation and putting a strain on the airlines , because even today ’ s system works excellently in the countries which apply it . pressione
this disease puts a great strain on both the sufferer and his or her family , also financially . pesante
both technically and in terms of human resources , these countries are ill-equipped to play an effective role in such negotiations , which would only place greater strain on a timetable that everyone recognises is already very tight . appesantire
and as recently as last weekend at the world economic forum the secretary-general noted that the conduct of international politics had become less favourable to the maintenance of a stable , equitable and rule-based international order and that the role of the un itself and the system of collective security were under serious strain . pressioni
we know that the ' long hours ' culture , for whatever reason , brings strain , stress and potential breakdown . tensione
for the present there has been no transmission of avian influenza between humans , but if there is a risk of a world pandemic and if the h5n1 virus were to combine with a human virus like the flu virus to create a new , highly contagious fatal strain , then i think , commissioner , that the eur 1 million credit you have just announced could prove tragically inadequate . ceppo
we are also dealing with other health areas and starting , as the commissioner has said , with communicable diseases , not least those with drug-resistant strains , which threaten our communities . ceppi
if they were found to be carrying a new strain of influenza or sars they could within a few hours unwittingly put the lives of millions at risk . ceppo
the european commission was able to ban chicken imports from countries affected by the new strain of bird flu with immediate effect . ceppo
mr president , quite a few people , including mr patten , have said that eu-russia relations have not always been ideal , and right now can probably be characterised as being quite strained . tese
there too , it is obvious that not only the mountain areas , but also valleys , which have the effect of kettles and in which environmental pollution is massively intensified , and even the cities , which are already subject to strain , are all vulnerable to possible increases in the effect of traffic . montagnose
the added impact of enlargement may also put further strain on the system and create new imbalances and unexpected changes in employment patterns and social cohesion . pressione
mr president , commissioner , throughout history , belarus has belonged to both eastern and western europe , and relations between the eu and belarus are strained . tese
you took office at a difficult time ; relations between parliament and the commission were strained in the aftermath of the fall of the commission headed by jacques santer . tese
this is where it seems to me to be essential that we should safeguard the collegial nature of the commission , which would be put under strain if parliament were to approve commissioners on an individual basis . pressione
the pkk 's 1999 ceasefire is under strain , and only political negotiations can ensure permanent peace . indetta
i hope that this symbolic visit will go some way to improving transatlantic relations , which have been somewhat strained recently . tese
relations have also become extremely strained in connection with iraq , and we can spend forever – as we have in fact done in this house – debating the whys and wherefores of what went wrong . tese
your pledges are under great strain , not least from the culture in european law enforcement communities , which is , at times , somewhat cavalier about data protection . pressioni
we are dependent upon each other , but relations have been strained and cooperation made more difficult by internal developments in russia that have seen a decline in human rights and democracy under putin . tese
it opens to humankind new opportunities , yet also puts new strains on our societies . sforzi
given the incompetent way in which textile quotas have been dealt with so far , there may however be good reason for drawing up a clear plan for the transition to free trade in textile and clothing products , so easing the strain on those employed in southern europe ’ s textile and clothing industry . pressione
we know what that would mean in terms of the strain placed on our infrastructure and in terms of the services that could be offered . inciderebbe
– mr president , after one year i have to say it again : the passive government of serbia and montenegro remains responsible for inciting the strained relations , for the assaults suffered by hungarians , the harassment , robbery , violation of cemeteries and the destruction and abuse of historical monuments of the hungarian community . tensione
the key is clearly vaccines , and it is the new vaccines we will need , once we know the strain . ceppo
at the moment we are talking very much about the h5 vaccine , but we have to be ready with other forms of vaccine should the disease mutate into another strain . ceppo
since it was first recorded in 1997 , avian flu strain h5n1 has undergone multiple reassortments – more than 17 mutations – and evolved at high speed to the point where , in january 2003 , the ‘ z ’ virus emerged . ceppo
in late 2004 , there was one documented case of human-to-human transmission of the ‘ z ’ strain of h5n1 . ceppo
the strain placed upon our farmers by this reform and the effects this reform has had have still not stabilised . sforzi
it covers the low pathogenic version as well as the n2 pathogenic strain , but also introduces effective eradication measures , including vaccination , taking into account scientific evidence and experiences in europe in recent years – i could mention the netherlands case two years ago – and elsewhere in the world , and of course the need to avoid the large-scale slaughter and destruction of animals . ceppo
we now know that vigilance and prevention are of the utmost importance , even in the case of low pathogenic viruses , which can mutate into the highly pathogenic strain after circulation for short periods in a poultry population . ceppo
secondly , greater community support is needed to develop research into an oral vaccine to combat the various strains and to promote the use thereof should the need arise ; the total cost of vaccines should be borne by the community . varianti
a dozen or so virus strains that could mutate at any moment and pose a threat to europe have been circulating there for years . ceppi
to put this into context , more people will die in the european union from the effects of a strain of tb that is drug-resistant than will be affected by avian flu . ceppo
thankfully it has not mutated into a human strain yet , but it behaves in a different way in different birds in different regions . ceppo
the community must therefore channel its efforts into research and into making funds available , for the purpose of developing and obtaining oral vaccines , effective in all relevant bird species , to combat various strains . ceppi
it is also my duty , as head of the austrian government , to take care that neither side of austrian industry is put under excessive strain and that the balance between openness and protection – to which a number of speakers here have referred – is maintained in this case . tensione
if we look at the demands on drivers these days with congestion and the just-in-time culture , we realise what strain there is on drivers . subiscono
i think we will need to regulate , and i will therefore submit to you a regulation to ensure that international roaming fees are based on true costs and not on fantasy prices that strain household budgets . gravano
parts of the country , in particular in the south , suffer under great strain ; there is a shortage of food and we have an obligation to help the population . patiscono
what is at issue is greater competitiveness , greater strain and stress for the individual ; which , of course , are known to be detrimental to the health of the majority of the population . tensioni
we should also remember that diseases know no borders , which means that a highly virulent strain of avian influenza can easily spread across them and become a problem for the community as a whole , not just for an individual country . ceppo
not only is it questionable whether the romanian and bulgarian economies can currently take the strain of accession to the eu , but it is also nothing like clear how the funding required for the first three years – which can potentially run up to eur 24 billion – is to be arranged . tensione
the first is the cyclical conditions that place a strain on the public finances of the european union . gravano
lastly , it constitutes a source of fiscal and social fraud that places a strain on the member states ’ accounts . ricade
the 2007 budget will cause disappointment , because it should be strategic , but it is , in fact , straining within its narrow limits . forzando
we admit that , due to the relatively strained community resources , each investment must represent european added value , and must induce additional economic growth . valore
these points must not , however , overshadow that which binds us together or that which is profound and resistant to strain : the shared community of values and the work on the world issues that are important to us . tensioni
what is clear is that if we rely on the egg-based vaccine , even once we know the strain of the flu , it will take six to eight months for that to come on stream . ceppo
although the high-pathogenicity strain h5n1 was first reported about ten years ago , and although precautionary measures in the most affected areas of the world have been almost non-existent , we only had about 100 fatalities worldwide , i.e. ten deaths per year ! ceppo
it will also ease the strain on the roads and shift transport flows to the railways . pressione
it is important for us to accept that there are moments of crisis , sorrow and strain in all of our lives and that when we experience them we may need support and we may need understanding , but we do not always need a diagnosis and a drug . tensione
i introduced amendment no 45 to make sure that there was a six-year period for implementation , running from 1997 to 2003 , thereby overlapping the strained and difficult period which will be covered by the early years of this directive .  
that would reduce the strain on this specific item , namely measures to combat racism , xenophobia and anti-semitism and allow it to be used more effectively . sgraverebbe
echo is already under enormous strain - up to 15 , 000 contracts in 1995 alone . pressioni
instead it is unfortunately only a recommendation , which means that it does not receive the attention required to promote effectively shorter payment periods and consequently lead to less strain on cash flow for european companies .  
i would like to encourage the commissioner in her work in this area , but of course the reality is that in inner-city areas it is the voluntary sector , the community groups which are taking the strain of the government 's lack of commitment to urban areas . contraccolpi
i am thinking here , for example , of in vitro fertilization , which places an enormous physical and psychological strain on women . psicologico
without widespread public support across the union , such a policy would not be viable , above all at times of stress and strain .  
this does not alter the fact that the difference of opinion between the united states and a number of european countries puts a great strain on transatlantic relations . pressione
over a period this results in a great strain on the budget of the union . pressione
we cannot accept these cuts , as they would place an even greater strain on implementation , already difficult in certain countries . metterebbero
we have been very anxious to do that from the very beginning but unfortunately we have had to do it within the stresses and strains of the requirements of the presidency . fatiche
there are many examples of the peaking of tourism over a small number of months leading to increased environmental damage and strains on infrastructure in certain countries . tensioni
besides the suffering of those affected , there are other problems involved : rising numbers of orphans , the strain on the health care system , and the fact that the impact of aids is felt particularly by the sexually active generation , which is also the economically active one . paralizza
bearing in mind the severe financial strain of the construction of the new offices and buildings of the european parliament , is the court of auditors satisfied that : ( a ) the appropriate procedure was followed in awarding the contract for the construction of these offices in brussels ; ( b ) sufficiently rigorous controls were put in place to minimize the cost overruns ; ( c ) the final cost of this complex represents good value for money for the european parliament , indeed , for the european taxpayer ? NULL
now we hear from the press that the commission is about to approve a controversial strain of genetically modified maize , developed by ciba geigy , apparently to defuse a potential transatlantic trade war . ceppo
they are sensitive psychologists , they cope with stresses and strains , are wonderful organizers , financial specialists , in short , courageous managers of day to day life and , on top of it , bundles of energy . psicologhe
i think , for example , that the partnership meeting about fisheries , which will take place in may in casablanca , is one step further in the commission 's activities , so that relations with morocco , including commercial ones , become increasingly partnership relations and are less strained so that , apart from the problems of political flourishes by one side or the other - and you are political enough to know what political flourishes are - we can reach a calmer , renegotiable position . tese
our budget is already under considerable strain . magro
it is a human ' strain ' , which then gives rise to two human beings , each with a different personality though with the same genetic material . capostipite
we have found that the system is under strain and is not capable of efficiently handling the volume of trade . tensione
on the other hand there are enormous strains on the unity of the country . violente
one such strain is the threat by the administration of the so-called republika srpska to hinder or prevent its residents who are citizens of bosniaherzegovina - which we continue to recognize as a state - from undertaking the journey to sarajevo by levying an exit tax of 70 german marks - payable in marks , which , of course , nobody possesses . rottura
firms in the most peripheral eu regions are particularly tempted to move abroad where things are cheaper , thus increasing the strain on the job market within the community . peggiorando
but we should not put too much strain on the council here if we really want to achieve anything . ottenere
although the replenishment of the programme budget certainly merits our support in principle , the extra funds must be found by means of internal reallocations so as to avoid additional strains on the community purse and to prevent any increases in national membership contributions . ridistribuiti
only within the last couple of months scientists in germany have discovered a strange strain in salmon . ceppo
they have allegedly found a strain in the brain of the salmon that is similar to that which caused the tragedy with bse . ceppo
in our opinion it is an error , and we know we are in a minority in the parliament , to strain national budgets to make social policies , just as it was to punish large deficits with curious sanctions which run counter to the traditional concept of the redistribution of wealth . liberi
to a certain extent the report is a recognition of the fact that the social situation in most of the eu 's member states is strained , mainly because of the struggle to achieve the emu convergence criteria . ingaggiata
this may well become more important in the future as social security systems become very stretched and strained because of government financial restrictions . incerte
it is the women of the world , particularly in the poorest countries , who bear the burden of life and who have to endure the stresses and strains of their circumstances . esercitata
although , until now , this has affected only a limited number of people , there is much concern about this new flu strain . ceppo
it appears that nobody is immune to this particular strain . ceppo
mr president , i do not want to strain your tolerance further . dura
on this point there is a mistake concerning the use of antibiotics as growth stimulants in our food , not because there is any problem with the food , but because it means that antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria will also become a problem for human health . ceppi
we know that the number of elderly is going to increase , and that the working population is going to decline , which means that there are going to be great strains on our social welfare system . pressione
the eastward enlargement of the european union is also difficult to discuss because we are , of course , burdened by the fifty years since the second world war , which were always strained by the division of continental europe and the dictatorship of communist repression . gravati
many concerns have been expressed that the great wealth of varieties which still exists within the countries of the european union could be reduced as a result of official community policy to a few standard strains of seeds throughout europe . sementi
commercial farmers have also been concerned that they too could lose out and be forced always to buy a limited number of expensive seed strains from big seed breeding companies . sementi
i give you the example of the now famous international rice bank where research into cross-breeding of many out of use and local strains of rice has led to the development of a new variety which is now showing up to a seven-fold yield improvement .  
the commission will continue to examine carefully any indications that resistant strains may be formed and that these may be transferable from one animal to another or from animals to human beings . resistenze
this monitoring , which is to begin over the next few days , will look at whether and to what extent there is any increase among economically useful animals in agriculture in bacterial strains that are resistant to medicines which are also partly used in veterinary medicine and some of which are part of the same family as antibiotics which are approved for human medicine . batterica
in particular , the working group will deal with the problem of the increase in resistant strains as a multi-disciplinary task . resistenza
the working group will look in detail at the following questions , inter alia : firstly , the use and misuse of anti-microbial medicines in animal and human medicine ; secondly the use and misuse of anti-microbial medicines as additives ; thirdly , the question of resistant and multi-resistant germs ; and , finally , the factors responsible for the increase in resistant strains . resistenza
at the same time , consideration is to be given to the concerns felt by representatives of health-related professions and of consumers in relation to the development of resistant strains of bacteria . batteriche
however , there remains a great deal still to be done to allay the growing concerns amongst citizens across the european union about the emergence of strains of bacteria resistant to most antibiotics due to overuse both for animals and human beings . ceppo
the first reason has in principle been touched upon by all of the speakers here , namely that the excessive use of antibiotics can result in the development of resistant bacterial strains . ceppi
there are investigations which demonstrate that a bacterial strain which is resistant to antibiotics is being specifically developed in milk processing to ensure that residues which may possibly occur in the milk are not effective . nel
thirdly , the pre-accession package contains an attractive offer for those states wishing to join and does not place excessive strain on the current member states . allettante
the humanitarian crisis will put a huge strain on albania , a country which is still struggling to cope with its own grave economic and social problems , as i think we are all aware . dura
there has been some discussion on them in parliament , but the manufacturers have said that such things are possible and that the strain factor is reasonable . modeste
the eu must again take the strain in ensuring that we make substantial progress in buenos aires , even in some of the difficult areas . buenos
i should also like to take this opportunity to express my particular concerns about the current strained relations between turkey and its neighbour , syria . tensione
we are aware that any hiccup in the peace process creates difficulties for the entire region and even puts a strain on europe 's relations with the arab world in general . frappone
how much strain can we place on public disaffection , without running the risk of alienating our citizens once and for all from the centres of decision-making ? disaffezione
lastly , as your rapporteur i should like to make the following comment : relations between the commission and parliament are somewhat strained at the present time . tese
this is a severe blow to a sector which is already under strain on account of the fragile market situation for salmon . pressioni
secondly , on the subject of the community programme , some of the major points such as asbestos and mental strain have already been mentioned . psicologico
for example , many people who work in offices contract repetitive strain injury , because they use a computer all day long . mouse
to carry out our role now with regard to the next commission , we may have to put our own parliamentary calendar and personal diaries under considerable strain . pressione
the bse crisis , cases of swine fever , and resistant strains of salmonella indicate all too alarmingly that the basis for a union agricultural policy is breaking up . tenaci
i believe , with your help , particularly when we have dealt with many of the sensitive political controversies of recent months and the conference of presidents , we have been able to hold together , with the stresses and strains and points of emphasis that groups may wish to bring to debates , a coherent parliamentary view . fatiche
to carry out the death penalty would inevitably place relations between the european union and turkey under huge strain . irrevocabilmente
however , the european parliament runs the risk of putting itself beyond the discussion by straining to achieve its own utopia in which the citizens are enabled , by virtue of the advantages of european citizenship thrust upon them , to at last see the light at the end of the tunnel . morbosamente
madam president , commission president , 1999 has been a difficult year for the mainstream eu institutions in that problems which surfaced over issues such as the accountability about the administration of various eu initiatives had strained relations between the european parliament and the commission . tensione
so what i want to make clear is that you do not have to strain or stretch your imagination , let alone strain or stretch the treaties which determine our activities , to see the absolutely clear roles that can be played by the commission and by parliament . sforzi
it is equally obvious that the unfolding situation in chechnya puts our relations with russia under considerable strain . tensione
